THE

STATUTES

OF

THE UNITED KINGDOM

OF

GREAT BRITAIN and IRELAND.

WITH NOTES AND REFERENCES

By JOHN RAITHBY, of Lincoln’s Inn, Esq.

BARRISTER AT LAW.

VOL. I.

Containing the Acts 41 Geo. III. (1801.) and 42 Geo. III. (1802.)

LONDON:

Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King's Most Excellent Majesty;

And by Andrew Strahan, Law Printer to the King's Most Excellent Majesty.

M.DCCC.XXII.

A

TABLE

Containing the TITLES of all

THE STATUTES,

PUBLIC and PRIVATE,

Passed in the FIRST Session of the FIRST Parliament

OF

The United Kingdom of Great Britain and

41 GEORGE III.

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

1. An Act to suspend, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, so much of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to prevent, until the sixth Day of November one thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the End of six Weeks from the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, the manufacturing of any Fine Flour from Wheat or other Grain, and the making of any Bread solely from the Fine Flour of Wheat; and to repeal an Act passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for permitting Bakers to make and sell certain Sorts of Bread, and to make more effectual Provision for the same; as relates to other Grain than Wheat; and for indemnifying Persons who may have dressed, sold, or used any Meal or Flour of such other Grain finer than is prescribed by the said Act.

2. An Act to repeal an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to prevent, until the sixth Day of November one thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the End of six Weeks from the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, the manufacturing of any Fine Flour from Wheat or other Grain, and the making of any Bread solely from the Fine Flour of Wheat; and to repeal an Act passed in the thirty sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty for permitting Bakers to malt and sell certain Sorts of Bread, and to make more effectual Provision for the same; and to indemnify Millers and other Persons who have dressed, sold, or used any Meal or Flour of a finer Description than allowed by the said Act.

3. An Act for raising the Sum of twenty-eight Millions by way of Annuities.

4. An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament, for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred and one.

5. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Captain Sir Sidney Smith, in Consideration of the eminent Services which he has rendered during his Command on the Coast of Egypt.

6. An Act for increasing the Number of Field Officers of the several Regiments of Militia in Ireland.

7. An Act for repealing the Rates and Duties of Postage in Great Britain, and granting other Rates and Duties in lieu thereof, and on Letters conveyed to or from any Part of the United Kingdom from or to any Place out of the said Kingdom, and by Packet Boats from or to the Ports of Holyhead and Milford Haven.

8. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain additional Duties on Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scaleboard, made in or imported into Great Britain; and on Tea imported into and sold in Great Britain.

9. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain additional Duties on Horses in Great Britain and for exempting from Duty, Horses kept for the Purpose of Husbandry, by Persons holding Farms under a certain Value.

10. An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, and Insurances; and on certain Indentures, Leases, Bonds, or other Deeds.

11. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

12. An Act to amend an Act made in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to permit Bakers to make and sell certain Sorts of Bread.

13. An Act for increasing the Bounties granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, on Flour imported from America, in Ships which shall have cleared out between certain Periods.

14. An Act for amending and further continuing, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred and one, two Acts, passed in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the Suppression of the Rebellion which still exists within that Kingdom, and for the Protection of the Persons and Properties of his Majesty's faithful Subjects within the same.

15. An Act to continue, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred and one, an Act, made in the last Session of the Parliament of Ireland, intituled An Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to apprehend and detain such Persons as he or they shall suspect for conspiring against his Majesty's Person and Government.

16. An Act to prohibit, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, the making of Malt and the distilling of Spirits from Corn or Grain in Ireland.

17. An Act for continuing, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, certain Acts of the last Session of the Parliament of Ireland, for granting Duties to his Majesty.

18. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two.

19. An Act for reviving and continuing, until the first Day October one thousand eight hundred and one, so much of an Act made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the reducing and better collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch; for reviving, continuing until six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, and amending, an Act made in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for enabling his Majesty to permit Goods to be imported into Great Britain, in Neutral Ships; for reviving, and continuing until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and four, and from thence until the Expiration of six Weeks after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act made in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for authorizing his Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope; and for reviving and making perpetual an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for preventing Offences in obstructing, destroying, or damaging Ships, and in obstructing Seamen and others from pursuing their lawful Occupations.

20. An Act to extend, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand eight hundred and one, the provisions of an Act made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Cultivation, Improvement, and Regulation of the Common Arable Fields, Wastes, and Commons of Pasture, in this Kingdom, and for encouraging the Cultivation of Potatoes in Open and Common Field Lands.

21. An Act for permitting East India Goods prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain, and warehoused, in pursuance of an Act made in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to be removed by Land Carriage to certain Ports, for the Purpose of being exported to the British Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies.

22. An Act to render valid Indentures of Apprenticeship of Poor Children and others, made upon improper Stamps, upon certain Conditions; and to indemnify all Persons who may have incurred Penalties thereby.

23. An Act for the better Collection of Rates made for the Relief of the Poor.

24. An Act for the indemnifying of Persons injured by the forcible pulling down and demolishing of Mills, or of Works thereunto belonging, by Persons unlawfully and riotously assembled.

25. An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Master of the Rolls, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; and for augmenting the Salary annexed to the said Office.

26. An Act for reviving and further continuing, until six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, several Acts made in the thirty-eighth, thirty-ninth, and fortieth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, and in the last Session of Parliament, for empowering his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Governments.

27. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money for the Service of Great Britain, to be raised by a Lottery.

28. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Timber, Sugar, Raisins, and Pepper, imported into, and on Lead exported from, Great Britain.

29. An Act for granting an additional Duty on English Spirits imported into Scotland, and for allowing, until forty Days after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, the Distillation of Spirits in Scotland, from Melasses or Sugar, at a lower Rate of Duty.

30. An Act to revive and continue, until six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies.

31. An Act to revive and continue, until the fifth Day of July one thousand eight hundred and one, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for shortening, until the twenty fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, the Time of keeping in Steep, for Malting, Barley damaged by Rain in the last Harvest.

32. An Act for granting to his Majesty several Sums of Money for defraying the Charge of certain permanent Services in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland.

33. An Act for repealing certain Duties upon Tea imported into Ireland, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for granting additional Duties on Sugar and Coals imported into Ireland.

34. An Act for granting Bounties on the Importation into Ireland of Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, and Indian Corn, and of Barley, Rye, Oats, Indian Meal, and Wheaten Flour and Rice.

35. An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Inn-keepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

36. An Act For enabling the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to prohibit for a limited Time, so as such Prohibition shall not endure beyond the Expiration of six Weeks from the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, and of all Provisions whatsoever; and to permit for such limited Time the Importation into Ireland of Corn and Fish, and all Provisions whatsoever, without Payment of Duty; and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted for the Service of the Publick, in advising or carrying into Execution certain Proclamations of the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland.

37. An Act for making Provision for the Entry and Return Voyages of certain Ships which may import Rice or other Grain from the East Indies, and to authorize the Importation of Rice or other Grain into Ireland, in Ships coming directly from the East Indies.

38. An Act to amend so much of an Act passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen, and to substitute other Provisions in lieu thereof; as relates to the Forms of Conviction therein referred to.

39. An Act for the more effectually preventing the Forgery of Bank Notes, Bank Bills of Exchange, and Bank Post Bills.

40. An Act to permit Persons in Holy Orders to keep one Horse only for the Purpose of Riding, without being subject to the Duty granted by an Act of the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, under certain Limitations.

41. An Act for allowing, until the twentieth Day of August one thousand eight hundred and one, the Importation into Ireland of British and Foreign Hops at a like Duty as is payable in Great Britain for the same.

42. An Act to exempt Elephant Oil sold by Auction in Great Britain, from the Duty imposed on such Sales.

43. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in England, for the Year one thousand eight hundred and one.

44. An Act for reviving, continuing until the twentieth Day of May one thousand eight hundred and two, and amending an Act made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal the Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, granted by an Act passed in the thirty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused; for reviving so much of an Act made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the ascertaining the Average Price of Sugar, and regulating the Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation thereof; and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported, until the tenth Day of May one thousand eight hundred and one.

45. An Act to continue, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand eight hundred and two, several Laws passed in the Parliament of Ireland, relating to the regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade, and securing the Duties payable on Tobacco; to the collecting and Securing the Duties upon Malt; to the Securing the Duties on Auctions and Glass Bottles, and on Paper printed, painted, or stained to serve for Hangings; to the regulating the Trade of rectifying Spirits and preventing Frauds by Rectifiers; to the further Improvement of the Fisheries on the Coasts of Ireland; to the better Collection of the Duties on tanned Hides and Skins, and on Vellum, and Parchment; to the better regulating the granting of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance of Exciseable Goods; to the regulating the Payment of Bounties on the Exportation of certain Manufactures; to the better Securing the Duties on Licences to Persons engaged in certain Trades; to the better regulating the Collection of his Majesty's Revenue, and preventing Frauds therein; and to revive and continue until the said twenty-ninth Day of September, an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of his present Majesty's Reign for granting Annuities In Manner therein provided.

46. An Act to render valid all Acts done in Execution of three Several Orders of his Majesty in Council relating to Bills of Exchange drawn by Persons in Russia, and to Freight of Russia, Swedish, and Danish Ships.

47. An Act to amend and continue until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand eight hundred and two, an Act passed in Ireland in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the Trade of a Distiller, and for securing the Duties payable on Home-made Spirits.

48. An Act to continue until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand eight hundred and two, and amend the Several Laws in Ireland to regulate the issuing of Licences for the Sale of Wine, Ale, Beer, Cider, and Spirituous Liquors by Retail, and for preventing the immoderate Use of Spirituous Liquors.

49. An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments in Ireland according to Law.

50. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money for defraying the Charge of the Workhouse and Foundling Hospital in Dublin, for the Year one thousand eight hundred and one; and for amending an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Management, Support, and Maintenance of the Foundling Hospital in Dublin; and for amending and further continuing an Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the better Management of the Workhouse and Foundling Hospital in Dublin.

51. An Act to permit Portugal Wine to be landed and warehoused without Payment of Duties, under certain Restrictions, for a limited Time.

52. An Act for declaring what Persons shall be disabled from sitting and voting in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and also for carrying into Effect, Part of the fourth Article of the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, by providing in what Cases Persons holding Offices or Places of Profit under the Crown of Ireland, shall be incapable of being Members of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the Said United Kingdom.

53. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the second Year of King James the First, as prohibits the Use of Horse Hides in making Boots and Shoes, and for better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the flaying thereof.

54. An Act to continue, until the fifth Day of July one thousand eight hundred and two, an Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the further Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man, and for improving the Revenue thereof; and also to repeal and amend certain of the Provisions of the said Act.

55. An Act to revive and continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, so much of an Act made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants of Militia, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament, and to amend the said Act.

56. An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Time of Peace.

57. An Act for the better Prevention of the Forgery of the Notes and Bills of Exchange of Persons carrying on the Business of Bankers.

58. An Act for granting to his Majesty, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, additional Stamp Duties in Ireland, on Bonds, Bills of Exchange, and Promissory Notes, and on certain Insurances therein mentioned; and for the Relief of Persons in Ireland holding Obligatory Instruments called Kerry Bonds, which have been executed without being duly stamped.

59. An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Lady Abercromby, Baroness Abercromby of Aboukir, and the two next Persons to whom the Title of Baron Abercromby shall descend, in Consideration of the eminent Merits of the late Right Honourable General Sir Ralph Abercromby.

60. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury to ascertain what Sum shall be paid into his Majesty's Exchequer, in full Satisfaction of the Debt due on the Mortgage made by the late John Gardner Kemeys, Esquire, in Trust for the late Right Honourable Richard Rigby, in case it shall appear to the said Lords Commissioners that it will be necessary to resort to the mortgaged Premises, in order to recover the Balance due from the said Richard Rigby to his Majesty.

61. An Act for further continuing until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for amending and further continuing until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred and One, two Acts passed in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the Suppression of the Rebellion which still exists within that Kingdom, and for the Protection of the Persons and Property of his Majesty's faithful Subjects within the same.

62. An Act to exempt from the Payment of certain Duties, such Members of both Houses of Parliament serving for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and such other Persons herein described, as may have only an occasional Residence in Great Britain.

63. An Act to remove Doubts respecting the Eligibility of Persons in Holy Orders to sit in the House of Commons.

63. An Act for the further Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons.

65. An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt of Great Britain.

66. An Act for indemnifying such Persons as, since the first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, have acted in the apprehending, imprisoning, or detaining in Custody, in Great Britain, of Persons suspected of High Treason or Treasonable Practices.

67. An Act to amend several Acts for raising a Militia Force in Scotland.

68. An Act for altering the Laws now in Force, relating to the Importation and Exportation of Copper; for repealing certain Duties and Drawbacks on such Importation and Exportation; and for substituting new Duties and Drawbacks in lieu thereof.

69. An Act for transferring the Receipt and Management of certain Duties on Certificates for wearing Hair Powder, or using Armorial Bearings, from the Commissioners of Stamps to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred.

70. An Act for the Relief of certain insolvent Debtors.

71. An Act for transferring the Receipt and Management of the Duties on Licences for using or exercising the Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer, from the Commissioners of Stamps to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred.

72. An Act for extending the Period of Preference granted and continued by several Acts to Bodies Corporate and Persons for the Redemption of the Land Tax, and to amend an Act of the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax.

73. An Act for directing the Application of several Sums granted by Parliament to the Dublin Society, and to the arming Societies in Ireland.

74. An Act for regulating, until the twentieth Day of May one thousand eight hundred and two, the Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation from Ireland of British Plantation Sugar; and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported from Ireland; and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland.

75. An Act to permit the Exportation of Tea to Ireland without Payment of any Duty, under certain Restrictions.

76. An Act to authorize the issuing of Commissions and Letters of Marque and Reprisal against his Majesty's Enemies, to such Ships and Vessels belonging to his Majesty as are or may be employed in the Service of the Boards of Customs and Excise, and other Publick Boards in this Kingdom.

77. An Act for allowing, until the first Day of August one thousand eight hundred and two, the Importation of certain Fish from Newfoundland and the Coast of Labrador, and for granting a Bounty thereon.

78. An Act to extend the Powers of an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the better securing to Constables and others the Expenses of conveying Offenders to Gaol, and for allowing the Charges of Poor Persons bound to give Evidence against Felons; and for allowing to High Constables, in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, their Charges in certain Cases.

79. An Act for the better Regulation of Publick Notaries in England. 155.

80. An Act to indemnify all Persons who have printed, published, or dispersed, or who shall publish or disperse, any Papers printed under the Authority of any Head Officer of State, or of Publick Boards, or other Publick Authorities, from all Penalties incurred by Reason of the Name and Place of Abode of the Printer of such Papers not being printed thereon.

81. An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of two Millions for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

82. An Act for raising the Sum of six Millions five hundred thousand Pounds by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year one thousand eight hundred and one.

83. An Act for raising the Sum of three Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year one thousand eight hundred and one.

84. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland; for applying certain monies therein mentioned for the Service of the year one thousand eight hundred and one; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

85. An Act for better Payment of Fines and Forfeitures imposed by Justices out of Session, in England.

86. An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Stamp Duties on Cards and Dice; on Probates of Wills; on certain Indentures, Leases, Bonds, or other Deeds; and on Ale Licences.

87. An Act for granting unto his Majesty certain Duties on Playing Cards imported into Great Britain.

88. An Act for providing Accommodations in Assize Town for the Judges in Ireland, where such Accommodations are not already provided.

89. An Act for repealing the Duty now payable on the Importation of Statues, Wrought Stone, and Marble, and granting another Duty in lieu thereof.

90. An Act for the more speedy and effectual Recovery of Debts due to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Right of the Crown of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and for the better Administration of Justice within the same.

91. An Act for the better Regulation and Collection of certain Duties of Excise.

92. An Act to alter the Bounties payable on Wheaten Flour and Indian Corn imported into Ireland; and for providing a Method for recovering the Forfeitures created by an Act of this Session of Parliament to prohibit the making of Malt, and distilling of Spirits from Corn or Grain in Ireland.

93. An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, so much of an Act made in the present Session of Parliament, as permits British Hops to be imported into Ireland at a low Rate of Duty.

94. An Act to empower the Importers or Proprietors of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations to land the same in Ireland, before Payment of the Duties of Excise charged thereon, and to lodge the same in Warehouses at their own Expence, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and eight.

95. An Act to facilitate the Trade and Intercourse between Ireland and the United States of America, during the Continuance of the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation between his Majesty and the said States.

96. An Act for the better Regulation of his Majesty's Prize Courts in the West Indies and America, and for giving a more speedy and effectual Execution to the Decrees of the Lords Commissioners of Appeals.

97. An Act to continue several Laws relating to encouraging the Fisheries carried on at Newfoundland and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe, until the first Day of January one thousand eight hundred and three; to the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand eight hundred and two; to the making the Port of Saint John's, in the Island of Antigua, a free Fort, until the tenth Day of July one thousand eight hundred and five; and to the permitting the Importation of Goods and Commodities from Countries in America, belonging to any Foreign European Sovereign or State, in Neutral Ships, until the End of the War, and six Months after the signing the Definitive Treaty of Peace; for reviving and further continuing, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred and six, an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; for reviving, continuing until the fifth Day of April one thousand eight hundred and two, and amending an Act made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries; and for making perpetual so much of an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty as relates to ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer.

98. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland, for one Year from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one.

99. An Act for granting Bounties for taking and bringing Fish to the Cities of London and Westminster, and other Places in the United Kingdom.

100. An Act to repeal the Tax on Salaries, Profits of Employments, Fees, and Pensions in Ireland, of Persons not resident in Ireland for a certain Period.

101. An Act for regulating, until the first Day of May one thousand eight hundred and two, the Trial of Controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in the United Parliament of Great Britain and Ireland, for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; and for regulating the Qualifications of Members to serve in the said United Parliament.

102. An Act to stay, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, Proceedings in Actions under the Statute of King Henry the Eighth, for abridging Spiritual Persons from having Pluralities of Livings, and from taking of Ferms.

103. An Act to empower his Majesty to regulate the Trade and Commerce to and from the Isle of Malta until the signing a Definitive Treaty of Peace, and from thence until six Weeks after the next Meeting of Parliament; and to declare the Isle of Malta to be part of Europe.

104. An Act for indemnifying such Persons as have acted since the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, for the Preservation of the Publick Peace, and Suppression of Insurrections and Rebellion prevailing in several Districts of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland.

105. An Act to authorize the Judges to whom Petitions for certain Bills shall be referred, to examine Witnesses upon Oath.

106. An Act to secure certain Persons born within the Territories of France, and other Persons therein described, from Imprisonment for Debts contracted in Parts beyond the Seas, other than the Dominions of his Majesty.

107. An Act for the further Encouragement of Learning, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, by securing the Copies and Copyright of Printed Books, to the Authors of such Books, or their Assigns, for the Time herein mentioned.

108. An Act for enabling his Majesty to grant Commissions for executing an Act made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign his present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Preservation of Timber in the New Forest in the County of Southampton, and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Forest, and of the Lands of the Crown within the same.

109. An Act for consolidating in one Act certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure; and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Facts usually required on the passing of such Acts.

PUBLIC LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

i. AN Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering the Powers, of two Acts, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Tadcaster, through Collingham, Harewood, Arthington, and Pool, to the Town of Otley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

ii. An Act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of two Acts, passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Chesterfield to the Turnpike Road at Hernstone Lane Head, and several other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, all in the County of Derby.

iii. An Act for better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Aberdeenshire Canal Navigation to complete the same.

iv. An Act for continuing and amending an Act passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Boroughbridge in the County of York, to the City of Durham, and for more effectually repairing the said Road.

v. An Act for amending, widening, and repairing several Roads in the County of Carmarthen.

vi. An Act for continuing the Term, and rendering more effectual, two Acts made in the second and eleventh Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the High Road leading from the North End of Ballingdon Bridge, in Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, to the South Gate in Bury Saint Edmunds, in the said County; and also for repairing and widening the High Road leading from the Place where the said South Gate formerly stood, to the Place where the North Gate in Bury Saint Edmunds formerly stood.

vii. An Act for enlarging, improving, and regulating, the Cattle Market, within the City and County of the City of Canterbury.

viii. An Act for making and maintaining a convenient Carriage Road from the Botley Turnpike Road, on Curdridge Common, in the Parish of Bishops Waltham, to join the Gosport Turnpike Road, at or near Filmerhill, in the Parish of Westmeon, with a Branch from the said Road, on Corhampton Down, to the Village of Corhampton, all in the County of Southampton.

ix. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from Epsom, through Ewell, to Tooting; and from Ewell to Kingston-upon-Thames and Thames Ditton, in the County of Surrey; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at Ewell, across Ewell Common Fields, to the Ryegate Turnpike Road on Borough Heath, in the said County.

x. An Act for continuing and amending two Acts, severally passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and improving several Roads leading to the Borough of Launceston, in the County of Cornwall and also for extending the provisions of the said Acts to the Road leading from the West Gate, under Madford, in the Borough of Launceston aforesaid, by Docacre, to the North Gate, in the same Borough.

xi. An Act for altering, widening, and repairing the Road leading from the Town and Port of Dover to the Town and Port of Sandwich, through the Parish of Waldershare, and also the Road from the present Turnpike Road leading from Dover to Barham Downs, up Kersney Court Hill, to the Parish of Whitfield otherwise Beausfield, in the County of Kent.

xii. An Act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset, and other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the said Roads leading to the said Town.

xiii. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and amend the Powers of three Acts, passed in the first, second, and twentieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road leading from Fisherton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at Willoughby Hcdgcy in West Knoyle, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Wilts.

xiv. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Peterborough, through Oundle and Thrapston, to Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton, and for repairing and widening several other Roads near or adjoining thereto.

xv. An Act for enlarging the Powers or Authorities given by an Act passed in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Enfranchisement of of and Customary Lands, Parcel of the Manor of Arundel, and other Manors entailed by the Act of Parliament of the third of Charles the First, and for the Sale of Tythes also entailed by the said Act, in order to facilitate the Sale of the Tythes therein mentioned.

xvi. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Hand and Poll in Upton Field, in the Parish of Burford, in the County of Oxford, to a Place in the Parish of Preston, in the County of Gloucester, called Dancy's Fancy.

xvii. An Act for levying Conversion Money in Lieu of Statute Labour, and otherwise regulating, making, and repairing the High Roads in the County of Selkirk.

xviii. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, making commodious, and keeping in repair the Road from the Cross Keys, otherwise Bricker's Barn, in the Parish of Corsham, in the County of Wilts, to Bath Easton Bridge, in the County of Somerset.

xix. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, through Alcester, in the said County, and Feckenham, to a Place called Bradley Brook, in the County of Worcester, and from Alcester, through Great Coughton and Crabs Cross, in the said County of Warwick, and through Hewell Lane, and Burcott, to the Cross of Hands, on a Common called The Leekhay, and out of Hewell Lane, through Church Lane and Tutnell, to Bromsgrove, in the said County of Worcester.

xx. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term and Powers of two Acts made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, to the Market and Sea Port Town of Workington, in the said County, so far as the same relate to the Road between the Town of Cockermouth and Workington aforesaid.

xxi. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preferring the Open Fields, Marsh Lands, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Hickling, in the County of Norfolk.

xxii. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preferring the Open Fields, Marsh Lands, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Burgh and Billockby, in the County of Norfolk.

xxiii. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Kennet and Avon Canal Navigation to complete the same, and for amending the several Acts passed for making the said Canal.

xxiv. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of two Acts made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, so far as relates to the Roads from Deanburn Bridge, through Greenlaw, and Part of the Jedburgh Road, by Lauder, in the Couty of Berwick, to Cornhill, in the County of Durham, and for repairing and amending the Roads from Orange Lane to Swinton, and from Coldstream, by Swinton Mill, to Mount Pleasant, in the said County of Berwick.

xxv. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act passed in the thirty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's for repairing the Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and certain Roads branching from the same, as relates to the said Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and to the Road branching from the aforesaid Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and leading over Garngad Hill to Provan Mill, and to the present Turnpike Road leading to Cumbernauld.

xxvi. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending several Roads leading from the Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon.

xxvii. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and for amending, and making more effectual, four several Acts made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, in the eighteenth and thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Birmingham through Warwick, to Warmington, and from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Edgehill, in the County of Warwick, so far as the same relate to the Road from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Stratford Bridge, in the said County.

xxviii. An Act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Cross at Broken Cross, in Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, to the Turnpike Road at Buxton, in the County of Derby; and for making and keeping in Repair certain Branches of Road to communicate with the said Macclesfield Road.

xxix. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the second, fifth, and nineteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Oxdown Gate in Popham Lane, to the City of Winchester, and from the said City through Hursley, to Chandler's Ford, and from Hursley aforesaid to the Turnpike at Romsey, and from the said Turnpike Road, through Ringwood, in the County of Southampton, to Longham Bridge and Winbome Minster, in the County of Dorset; and for amending and widening the Road from Ringwood Gate, in the said County of Southampton, to Woolsbridge, and from a Street called The Hundred, at Romsey, through Chibworth, to the River at Swathling, in the said County.

xxx. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, within the Parish of Sculcoates, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments and Obstructions; and for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, Chairs, Porters, Coal Carriers, and Water Carriers, Trucks, Carts, and other Carriages, within the said Parish.

xxxi. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames, at or near a Place called Wilkinson's Gun Wharf in the Parish of Saint Mary at Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey, to the Town of Mitcham, in the Parish of Mitcham, in the said County: And also divers Collateral Cuts or Branches communicating from the same to certain Parishes and Places within the Counties of Surrey and Kent.

xxxii. An Act for enabling Charlotta Bethell Widow, to make and maintain a Navigable Canal from the River Hull, at a Point in the Parish of Leven, near the Boundary between Eske and Leven Carrs, in the East Riding of the County of York, to Leven Bridge in the said Riding.

xxxiii. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from the Town of Wandsworth to the Town of Croydon, with a Collateral Branch into the Parish of Carshalton, and a Navigable Communication between the River Thames and the said Railway at Wandsworth, all in the County of Surrey.

xxxiv. An Act for more effectually draining and improving certain Fen Lands within the Manors and parishes of Upwell and Outwell, and in the Parishes of Denver and Welney, in the Isle of Ely, and Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk.

xxxv. An Act to alter, amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for more effectually draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Manor or Township of North Kyme, in the County of Lincoln.

xxxvi. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of two Acts, passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, amending, and widening, the Roads from the South West End of Nether Bridge, in the County of Westmorland, by Sizergh Fell Side to Levens Bridge, and from thence through the Town of Millthrop to Dixes, and from the Town of Millthrop aforesaid to Hang Bridge, and from thence to join the Heron Syke Turnpike Road at the Guide Post near Clawthrop Hall in the County aforesaid.

xxxvii. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Town of New Windsor in the County of Berks, into the London Road, at or near a Bridge called High Bridge, near Longford in the County of Middlesex; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from and out of the said Road at Southley in the Parish of Datchet, to the Village of Datchet in the County of Bucks.

xxxviii. An Act for more effectually amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Top of White Sheet Hill, in the Parish of Donhead Saint Andrew in the County of Wilts, through the Towns of Shaftesbury, Milborne Port, and Sherborne, in the Counties of Dorset and Somerset, to the Half Way House in the Parish of Nether, otherwise Lower Compton, in the said County of Dorset, and several other Roads near the Towns of Shaftesbury and Sherborne aforesaid.

xxxix. An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of two Acts, passed in the ninth and thirteenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for laying open and widening certain Ways, Passages, Streets, and Places, within the Town of Birmingham; and for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages there, and for other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned; and also for regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and the Drivers of all Carriages, in the said Town; for laying open and widening certain other Streets and Places there; for further regulating the Police of the said Town, and the Manner of laying out and paving new Streets there, and for other Purposes.

xl. An Act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and amend the Powers of an Act, made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act to continue and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highways leading to Highgate Gatehouse and Hampstead, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the County of Middlesex; and also to continue and render more effectual, an Act to enable the respective Trustees of the Turnpike Roads leading to Highgate Gatehouse and Hampstead, and from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourne, to make a new Road from the great Northern Road at Islington to the Edgeware Road near Paddington, so far as the same is by the said Act directed to be under the Care and Management of the Trustees of the said first-mentioned Acts; and for making a Road from the said new Road, near Queen's Row, to Bagnigge Wash; and for watching, lighting, and watering the said Roads.

xli. An Act for continuing, until the End of the first Session of Parliament, which shall commence after the fifth Day of July one thousand eight hundred and twenty-two, two Acts, severally passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Thirsk, over Skipton Bridge to Baldersby Gate, adjoining to Hutton Moor, and a Branch from the said Road at or near Skipton Bridge aforesaid, through Ainderby, Quernbow, and Nosterfield to Masham, in the North Riding of the County of York.

xlii. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from in the County or Gloucester, to Cricklade in the County of Wilts; and for amending, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from near the Wharf at Latton in the said County of Wilts, to the Town Bridge in Cricklade aforesaid.

xliii. An Act for continuing for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Guldeford to the Directing Post near the Town of Farnham in the County of Surrey.

xliv. An Act to continue for twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Roads from Donington High Bridge to Hale Drove, and to the eighth Mile Stone in the Parish of Wigtoft, and to Langret Ferry in the County of Lincoln.

xlv. An Act for enlarging the Term and altering the Powers of two Acts, one made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, and repairing the Roads leading from Dover to Barham Downs, and from Cow gate and Archcliff Fort in Dover, through Folkestone to the Town of Hythe in the County of Kent; and for repealing so much thereof as requires the Trustees therein named to keep in Repair the several Roads leading from Archcliff Fort in Dover, to Folkestone, and from the Parish of Folkestone to Hythe.

xlvi. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Open Fields and other Lands within the several Parishes of Downham Market, Wimbotsham, and Bexwell, in the County of Norfolk.

xlvii. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Maidsmorton, and the Hamlets of Gawcott and Prebend-End, in the Parish of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks.

xlviii. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, situate, lying, and being in that Part of the Parish of East Hendred, which is in the Hundred of Wantage, in the County of Berks, called Westmanside, except such Part of the said Common Meadows as lieth in a Meadow called Fox Mead, or Ardington Mead.

xlix. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Dumfries to Moffat, and from Grateney, by Annan, Dumfries, and Sanquhar, to the Confines of the County of Ayr, and several other Roads in the Counties of Dumfries and Kirkcudbright.

l. An Act to amend and widen the Roads leading from Staplecross, in the Parish of Ewhurst, to Hornscross, in the Parish of Northiam, and from Hornscross aforesaid to the Turnpike Road near Brickwall House, in the Parish of Northiam, and from Hornscross aforesaid to the Turnpike Road near the Windmill, in the Parish of Beckley, and also the Road from Staplecross aforesaid to Bodiam Bridge, in the Parish of Bodiam, and from thence through the Parishes of Bodiam aforesaid and Salehurst, to the Turnpike Road at Silver Hill, in the said Parish of Salehurst, all in the County of Sussex. Page 178

li. An Act to amend Two Acts made in the Thirteenth and Twenty ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making more commodious the Harbours of the Town of Greenock, and for other purposes mentioned in the said Acts; for watching the said Town, and better supplying the same with Water; for regulating the Fares of Coachmen, Chairmen, Porters, and Carters plying in the said Town, and of Pilots, Watermen and Jobbers employed in the said Harbours, and on the River Clyde, and for feuing out the Glebe of the said Town. Ibid.

lii. An Act for explaining, altering and amending an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for deepening, cleansing, scouring, preserving and maintaining the Harbour of Port Glasgow, and for other purposes mentioned in the said Act. 179

liii. An Act for more effectually improving and maintaining the old Harbour of Rye, in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

liv. An Act for building a Pier at Sheerness, in the Isle of Sheppy, in the County of Kent; for ascertaining, imposing and recovering certain Duties for the supporting, maintaining and keeping in Repair the said Pier; for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering and improving the Highways, Streets, Lanes and other public Passages and Places, within that Part of the Parish of Minster, in the said Isle of Sheppy, (which lieth near His Majesty's Dock Yard and Garrison of Sheerness,) called Blue Town and Mile Town;and for preventing Nuisances, Annoyances and Obstructions therein. Ibid.

lv. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of Bursledon Bridge and Roads to raise a further Sum of Money to complete the said Bridge and Roads. Ibid.

lvi. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Forest or Chase of Needwood, in the County of Stafford. Ibid.

lvii. An Act to enable the Corporation of The Royal Exchange Assurance to assure Vessels, Barges, Keels, Boats and other Craft employed in Inland Navigation, and the Goods, Merchandizes and Effects laden therein. 245

lviii. An Act to enable the Corporation of the London Assurance to assure Vessels, Barges, Keels, Boats and other Craft employed in Inland Navigation, and the Goods, Merchandizes and Effects laden therein. 246

lix. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, diverting and improving the Road leading from Reading, in the County of Berks, to Basingstoke, in the County of Southampton. Ibid.

lx. An Act for continuing the Term and altering the Powers of Two several Acts made respectively in the First and Twenty second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and maintaining the Road from Dartford to Northfleet, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kent, and for other purposes in the said Acts mentioned. 247

lxi. An Act for improving and extending the Navigation of the River Exe, from the public Quay at Exeter to the public Road adjoining Four Mills near Crediton, in the County of Devon, by making a Navigable Canal or Cuts, and deepening and widening such Parts of the Rivers Exe and as shall be necessary for that purpose. Page 247

lxii. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the several Parishes of Saint Michael and the Holy Trinity in the City of Coventry, and County of the same City; and for exempting the Vicars of the said Parishes from being rated to the Relief of the Poor in respect of certain Assessments. Ibid.

lxiii. An Act to alter, amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundreds of Mitford and Launditch, the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

lxiv. An Act for establishing a new Church or Chapel, lately erected in or near Kirkgate Street, within the Town and Parish of in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

lxv. An Act for enlarging and improving the Market Place of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and for making a commodious Street from thence to the River Humber, with a Dock, and Wharf or Landing Place for the Ferry and Market Boats belonging and resorting to the said Town. Ibid.

lxvi. An Act for enlarging and improving the Market Place within the Town of Rotherham, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for widening and rendering more commodious the Streets and Avenues leading thereto; and for cleansing, lighting and regulating the Streets and other public Passages and Places within the said Town. Ibid.

lxvii. An Act for continuing and amending an Act passed in the Twenty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts of the Twelfth and Nineteenth Years of His present Reign, made for building a temporary Bridge, and completing a new Stone Bridge over, the River Tyne, between the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne and Gateshead, in the County Durham, and making the Avenues to and the Passages over the same more commodious; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances in the Streets, Lanes or Avenues leading to the said new Stone Bridge, within the Town of Gateshead, in the County of Durham; and for enabling the Trustees named in the said Act to widen and enlarge the said new Stone Bridge. 248

lxviii. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Wilts and Berks Canal Navigation, to raise Money for the completing the said Canal; and to alter, explain and amend the Act passed in the Thirty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal. Ibid.

lxix. An Act for further continuing the Duties and altering the Powers granted by Four Acts made in the Fifth and Twenty fifth Years of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third and Eighteenth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of York. Ibid.

lxx. An Act to authorize the Company of Proprietors of the Ellesmere Canal to extend the said Canal from the Whitchurch Branch thereof, at or near certain Water Corn Mills called New Mills, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, to and to communicate with the Chester Canal, in the Township of Stoke, in the Parish of Aston, in the County of Chester; and for altering and amending the several Acts passed for making and maintaining the said Ellesmere Canal. Page 248

lxxi. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Junction Canal more effectually to provide for the Discharge of their Debts, and to complete the Whole of the Works to be executed by them, in pursuance of the several Acts of the Thirty third, Thirty fourth. Thirty fifth, Thirty sixth and Thirty eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty; and for altering and enlarging the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts.

lxxii. An Act for draining, preserving from Water, and improving certain Low Lands and Grounds, lying within the several Parishes or Chapelries of North Wooton, Pilton, West Pennard, Baltonsborough, Barton Saint Davids, Butleigh, Street, Glaston Saint John, Glaston Saint Benedict, Walton, Ashcot, Shapwick, Moorlinch, Catcott, Chilton, Edington, Cossington, Woolavington, Huntspill, East Brent, South Brent, Mark, Wedmore, Meare, Burnam, Badgworth, Baddisham, Chapel Allerton, Were, Puriton, Pawlet, Wookey, and the Out Parish of Saint Cuthbert, in Wells, all in the County of Somerset. 249

lxxiii. An Act for draining and improving certain Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Leverington and Leverington Parson Drove, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge. Ibid.

lxxiv. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, embanking and improving the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Ashby, in the Parish of Bottesford, in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

lxxv. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Field, Commonable Marsh Lands, Half Year Shack Lands, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of South Walsham Saint Lawrence and South Walsham Saint Mary, in the County of Norfolk; and for draining and preserving the same. Ibid.

lxxvi. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining and preserving the Open Fields, Marsh Lands, Commons, Fens and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Potter Heigham, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

lxxvii. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining and improving several Common Moors, called Sydney Moor, Small Moor, Rodway Moor, Waters Upton Moor, and other Commons and Waste Lands within the several Parishes of Rockwardine, Eyton, Kinnersley, and Waters Upton, in the County of Salop, and within the several Townships of Crudgeington and Sleap, in the Parish of High Ercall, otherwise Ercall Magna, in the same County. Ibid.

lxxviii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Morpeth, by or through Mitford, Thropple, Long Witton, and by the North Side of Rothley Park Wall to Sting Cross, and to the High Cross in Elsdon, in the County of Northumberland. 250

lxxix. An Act for continuing for Twenty one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Three Acts, passed in the Ninth and Twenty eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for amending and keeping in Repair such Part of the Roads described in the said Act of the Twenty eighth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, as leads from the End of Culham Bridge next to Culham, in the County of Oxford, to the End of Burford Bridge next to Abingdon, in the County of Berks, and from the Mayor’s Stone at the End of Boar Street, in the Town of Abingdon aforesaid, to Shippon, in the said County of Berks, and from thence to the West End of the Town of Fyfield in the same County. Page 250

lxxx. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the South District or Division of the Roads from Royston, in the County of Hertford, to Wandesford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon; and for continuing and amending an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the said Act relates to the said District.

lxxxi. An Act for continuing for Twenty one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Spann Smithy, in the Township of Elton, through the Town of Middlewich, and by Spittle Hill in Stanthorn to Winsford Bridge, and from Spittle Hill to the Town of Northwich, in the County Palatine of Chester. Ibid.

lxxxii. An Act for continuing for Twenty one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts made in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the East End of Brough under Stainmore, in the County of Westmorland, by the End of Appleby Bridge, to Eamont Bridge, in the said County. Ibid.

lxxxiii. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Rugby, in the County of Warwick, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Lutterworth to Market Harborough, in the Counties of Leicester and Northampton. 251

lxxxiv. An Act to continue for Twenty one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter the Powers of Two Acts, One passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act to widen and repair the Road from the Guide Post near the End of Drayton Lane near Banbury, in the County of Oxford, to the House called the Sun rising, at the Top of Edge Hill, in the County of Warwick; and the other, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act. Ibid.

lxxxv. An Act for continuing for Twenty one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, so far as the same Acts relate to the Road from the Market House in Tetbury to the Turnpike Road on Minchinhampton Common, and from the said Road in Minchinhampton Field unto the Turnpike Road from Cirencester to Stroud, near Burnt Ash, and from the said Turnpike Road to Mill Pond in Chalford Bottom, and through Hide to the Bottom of the Bourne Hill, in the County of Gloucester, and for repairing, altering and improving the Road from Mill Pond aforesaid to Foston’s Ash, in the Parish of Bisley, in the said County of Gloucester. Page 251

lxxxvi. An Act for extending and enlarging the Powers, and increasing the Rates and Duties of the Corporation of the Trinity House of Newcastle upon Tyne, and for better regulating the Port of Newcastle. Ibid.

lxxxvii. An Act for continuing for Twenty one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the Road from Sage Cross, in the Town of Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

lxxxviii. An Act to continue for Twenty one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for widening and repairing several Roads leading from the Welsh Gate and Cotton Hill, in the Town of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop; and for making and maintaining a new Branch of Road from the present Road from Shrewsbury to Welsh Pool, at or near the Tenth Mile Stone, to, or near to, Buttington Hall, in the County of Montgomery. 252

lxxxix. An Act to continue for Twenty one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Flimwell Vent, in the Parish of Ticehurst, in the County of Sussex, to the Town and Port of Hastings, in the said County. Ibid.

xc. An Act to continue for Twenty one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Bars at Boughton, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport, in the County of Salop, and several other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from Whitchurch aforesaid, through Ternhill,to Newport aforesaid, being the second District of Roads in the said Acts mentioned. Page 252

xci. An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, through the Towns of Pleasley, Glapwell Heath, and Normenton, and the Liberty of Hasland, to the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Derby to the Town of Chesterfield, in the County of Derby. Ibid.

xcii. An Act for continuing for Twenty one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the First and Tenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from the East End of West Taphouse Lane to the Borough of Liskeard, and from thence to the Combe Rowe House, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon. 253

xciii. An Act for continuing for Twenty one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Town of Wrexham to the Towns of Ruthin and Denbigh, in the County of Denbigh, and amending, widening, altering, improving and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the said Town of Ruthin, into the Turnpike Road from Corwen to Llanrwst, at or near a certain House called Cernioge Mawr, in the Parish of Llanyfydd, in the said County. Ibid.

xciv. An Act to continue for Twenty one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for making and maintaining a Road from Tiltups Inn, in the Parish of Horsley, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Cirencester to Dudbridge, at or near Dudbridge, in the Parish of Rodborough, and from the Bridge at Nailsworth, in the Parish of Avening, to Minchinhampton Common, and several other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Gloucester, and for altering some Parts of the said Roads. Ibid.

xcv. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts made in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, to the City of Winchester, and from the said City through Bellmour Lane to the Top of Stephen’s Castle Down, near the Town of Bishop’s Waltham, in the said County, and from the said City of Winchester through Ottorborne, to Bar Gate, in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton. Page 253

xcvi. An Act for continuing for Twenty one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repairing, widening, altering, diverting and turning the Road from Hurdlow House, through Buxton, in the County of Derby, and Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, and also the Road from Hernestone Lane Head, and from Sparrow Pit Gate, through Chapel en le Frith, all in the said County of Derby, to the last mentioned Road at Whaley, in the said County of Chester; and for making and repairing a new Branch of Road from the said Turnpike Road at or near Barmoor Clough,near the Town of Chapel en le Frith aforesaid, to Fairfeld near Buxton aforesaid. 254

xcvii. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act passed in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation and Government of the Company of Cutlers, within the Liberty of Hallamshire, in the County of York, and within Six Miles of the said Liberty, and of their Journeymen and Apprentices. Ibid.

xcviii. An Act for making, widening and repairing the Road from the Old Bridge in the Town of Stockport, in the County of Chester, through the several Townships of Stockport, Offerton and Marple, to or near Marple Bridge, all in the said County; and a Branch from the said Road, in the Township of Marple aforesaid, through the Village of New Mills, to or near Thornset Gate, both in the County of Derby, and another Branch from or near Thornset Gate aforesaid, through the Village of New Mills aforesaid, to or near the present Road, in the Township of Disley, in the said County of Chester. Ibid.

xcix. An Act for continuing for Twenty one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for more effectually repairing the Road from the Black Bull Inn, in Dunstable, in the County of Bedford, to the Way turning out of the said Road up to Shafford House, in the County of Hertford. Ibid.

c. An Act for vesting in Trustees all the Real Estates late of Nathaniel Matthew Knapp Esquire, deceased, which, by his Will, were devised in strict Settlement, to the Intent that proper Parts thereof may be sold for discharging the Incumbrances affecting the same Real Estates, and that the Residue of the Money, if any, arising by such Sale, may be in vested in the Purchase of other Lands, and that the Lands to be so purchased, and also such Part of the Lands to be vested in Trustees as aforesaid, as shall not be sold, may be settled to the Uses contained in the Will of the said Nathaniel Matthew Knapps concerning his Real Estates devised in strict Settlement.

ci. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of John Henry Maw of Warmsworth, in the County of York, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the clear Monies thence arising, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses. Page 255

cii. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Will of Thomas Duncombe Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies to arise therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the same Uses. Ibid.

ciii. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the most Honourable James Marquis of Salisbury in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Purchase Money in discharging of a Mortgage thereon, and for confirming the Settlement of the Residue of such Estates, and declaring the same to be a Satisfaction of his Marriage Articles, and for appointing a new Trustee instead of one deceased. Ibid.

civ. An Act to confirm, and render valid and effectual, a Partition of divers Lands and Hereditaments in the several Counties of Rutland, Lincoln and Leicester, late the Estates of Joseph Adcock, Grazier, deceased, and also of divers Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Northampton, late the Estates of Robert Adcock, Grazier, deceased. Ibid.

cv. An Act for effectuating Exchanges between the Trustees of the Guildhall Feoffment, in Bury Saint Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk, and Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury Baronet. Ibid.

cvi. An Act for vesting certain settled Estates of William Morton Pitt Esquire, in the County of Dorset, in Trustees to be sold, and for laying out the whole Money thence arising, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses. Ibid.

cvii. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the Right Honourable Henry Thomas Earl of Ilchester, in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, in Trustees, to be sold, and for settling other Estates of the said Earl, in the said County of Somerset, and in the County of Dorset, in lieu thereof. 256

cviii. An Act for enabling Edward Constable Esquire, of Burton Constable, in Holderness, in the County of York, Tenant for Life, under the Will of his late Uncle William Constable Esquire, deceased, to charge his Estates in the said County of York, or some Part thereof, with the Sums therein mentioned, and also for enabling the Trustees in the said Act to raise, with the Consent of the said Edward Constable, during his Life, and after his Decease, in such manner as therein is mentioned, certain Sums of Money for the protecting, improving and increasing the same Estates, by the Means therein described. Ibid.

cix. An Act for vesting Two Freehold Messuages in Lombard Street, in the City of London, Part of the Estates devised by the Will of the Right Honourable Charles Lord Viscount Irwin deceased, in Trustees, for Sale, and for investing the Money to arise from such Sale, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Real Estates in England, to be settled to the Uses of the said Will. Ibid.

cx. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates of the Reverend George Huddleston Purefoy Jervoise,devised by the Will of Huddleston Jervoise Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money to arise therefrom, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses. Page 256

cxi. An Act for vesting the Estates of John Fitzgerald Esquire, commonly called The Knight of Glinn, situate in the County of Limerick, in Trustees, for raising, by Sale or Mortgage, Monies sufficient to pay off Incumbrances. Ibid.

cxii. An Act to enable the Curate of the Chapelry of Saint Hilds, in the Parish of Jarrow, in the County of Durham, to grant a Building Lease of a certain Parcel of Ground lying contiguous to the Town of South Shields, in the said County, and belonging to the said Chapelry. Ibid.

cxiii. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the several Common Waste and Heath Lands, commonly known by the Names of the Great and Little Heaths, otherwise Mwynydd, Bwchan and Wain Dyval, lying within the several Parishes of Saint John the Baptist in Cardiff, Landaff, Whitchurch, Roath and Lanishen, in the County of Glamorgan. 257

cxiv. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands, in the Township of Ticklerton, within the Parish of Eaton, in the County of Salop. Ibid.

cxv. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Communication from the Junction of the River Foss with the River Ouse, at or near the City of York, to Stillington Mill, in the Parish of Stillington, in the North Riding of the County of York, and for draining and improving certain Low Lands, lying on each Side of the said River Foss, so far as the said Act relates to the said Navigation, and for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the said Navigation to complete the same. Ibid.

cxvi. An Act for draining, dividing and inclosing a Common, called Crowland Common, or Goggushland, and certain Open Half Years Meadow, Commonable and Waste Grounds, called The Washes and Fodder Lots, in, adjoining or near the Township of Crowland, in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

cxvii. An Act for repairing the Road from the North End of Bridgeford Lane, in the County of Nottingham, to the Bowling Green at Kettering, in the County of Northampton; and for repealing Two Acts passed for repairing the said Road. Ibid.

cxviii. An Act for repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester to Peterborough, in the County of Northampton; and for repealing Two Acts passed for repairing the said Road. Ibid.

cxix. An Act for vesting certain Estates in the County of Norfolk, strictly entailed by the Will of Horatio late Earl of Orford deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising therefrom, in the first Place, in Discharge of the Incumbrances affecting the same, and the Residue thereof in the Purchase of other Estates in the County of Norfolk, to be settled to the same Uses. Ibid.

cxx. An Act for the Establishment of Schools for the Education of Poor Children, in the County Palatine of Durham. 258

cxxi. An Act for vesting the Fee Simple and Inheritance of and in the Real Estates devised by the Will of Mary Pugh Widow, deceased, situate in the Counties of Carnarvon and Anglesey, in Trustees, and their Heirs, upon Trust, to complete the Sales of such Parts thereof as have been sold under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, and by the like Directions to sell other competent Parts thereof, for the Payment of the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the same Estates, and for laying out the Surplus of the Money (if any) to arise from such Sales in the manner and for the Purposes therein expressed. Page 260

cxxii. An Act to continue for Twenty one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Eighth and Twenty fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bishop’s Castle, and from Montgomery to the Turnpike Road at Westbury, and from Brockton to the Turnpike Road at in the several Counties of Salop, Radnor and Montgomery, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Salop and Montgomery; and also for widening, repairing, altering and diverting other Roads in the said Counties of Salop and Montgomery. Ibid.

cxxiii. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Turnpike Road leading from Bolton to Blackburn, at or near to the Lamb Inn, otherwise Fletcher’s Public House, in the Township of Sharples, in the Parish of Bolton in the Moors, to the Turnpike Road leading from Preston to Blackburn aforesaid, at or near to Brindle Lane End, otherwise Foole Lane End, in the Township of Hoghton, in the Parish of Leyland, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster. 261

cxxiv. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Louth, in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

cxxv. An Act for enabling Matthias Koops Gentleman, to assign the Benefit of an Invention of making Paper from Straw and other Substances to a greater Number of Persons than is at present limited by the Letters Patent granted to the said Matthias Koops. Ibid.

cxxvi. An Act for paving, steaning, cleansing, watering, lighting, watching and regulating the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Passages and Public Places, within the Parish of Bathwick, in the County of Somerset, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments and Obstructions, and for establishing a proper and effective Police therein. Ibid.

cxxvii. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near the Town of Croydon, in the County of Surrey, into the Grand Surrey Canal, in the Parish of Saint Paul, Deptford, in the County of Surrey, and for supplying the Towns of Croydon, Streatham and Dulwich, and the District called Norwood, in the Parish of Croydon, in the said County of Surrey, and the Town of Sydenham, in the County of Kent, with Water from the said Canal. Ibid.

cxxviii. An Act for draining, dividing, allotting and inclosing Deeping, Langtoft, Baston, Spalding, Pinchbeck and Cowbit Commons, within the Parts of Kesteven and Holland, in the County of Lincoln, and also for draining Crowland Common, or Goggushland, and certain Lands and Grounds in the Parishes of Bourn and Thurlby, adjoining or lying contiguous to the North Bank of the River Glen, and certain inclosed Lands in Deeping Fen, and in the Parishes of Spalding and Pinchbeck, adjoining to the said Commons, and lying between the Rivers Glen and Welland, and also for rendering more effectual several Acts of Parliament heretofore passed for draining and preserving the several Lands, Grounds and Commons herein-before mentioned, or certain Parts thereof. 261

cxxix. An Act for amending, widening, improving and keeping in Repair the Road leading from Paddington to Harrow on the Hill, in the County of Middlesex. 262

cxxx. An Act for paving, cleansing, watering, lighting and otherwise improving the Streets, Lanes and other public Passages and Places, within the Parishes of Saint Giles and Saint Mary Magdalen, in Stony Stratford, in the County of Buckingham, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and also for repairing the Rampart Road or causeway from the said Town to the Bridge over the River Ouse, in or near thereto, and for repairing the said Bridge; and likewise for selling certain Charity Estates situate in the said Town of Stony Stratford, and in the Parishes of Calverton and Woolverton, in the said County of Buckingham, and applying the Money arising by such Sale in the manner therein mentioned. Ibid.

cxxxi. An Act for forming, paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering and otherwise improving and keeping in Repair, the Streets, Squares and other Public Passages and Places which are and shall be made upon certain Pieces or Plots of Ground in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, belonging to the Right Honourable Ann Dowager Baroness Southampton. Ibid.

cxxxii. An Act for completing the Common Gaol now building in and for the City of Winchester, and for purchasing certain Buildings within the said City for widening the Avenues thereto. Ibid.

cxxxiii. An Act for vesting, for a limited time, in the Reverend Edmund Cartwright Clerk, Master of Arts, his Executors, Administrators and Assigns, the Sole Property in certain Machinery by him invented for Woolcombing. Ibid.

cxxxiv. An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Hull and Frodingham Beck, from Aike Beck Mouth to the Clough on the East Corner of Fisholme; and for extending the said Navigation from the said Clough into or near the Town of Great Driffield, in the East Riding of the County of York; and to extend and improve the said Navigation. 263

cxxxv. An Act for the better and more effectually draining certain Tracts of Land called Wildmore Fen, and the West and East Fens, in the County of Lincoln, and also the Low Lands and Grounds in the several Parishes, Townships and Places, having right of Common on the said Fens, and other Low Lands and Grounds lying contiguous or adjoining thereto. Ibid.

cxxxvi. An Act for altering and amending an Act passed in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, for the more effectually embanking, draining, preserving and improving certain Low Lands and Grounds, lying and being in the several Parishes or Townships of Everton, Scaftworth, Gringley on the Hill, Misterton and Walkeringham, in the County of Nottingham. Page 263

cxxxvii. An Act for continuing for Twenty one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Twenty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from a certain Gate on the Turnpike Road at or near the South End of the Town of Weston on the Green, in the County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road on Kidlington in the said County. Ibid.

cxxxviii. An Act for empowering certain Trustees therein named, to carry into Execution an Agreement made by Arthur Annesley of Bletchington Park, in the County of Oxford, Esquire, and Thomas Bradford of Ashdown Park, in the County of Sussex, Esquire, for the Sale of the settled Estates of the said Arthur Annesley, situate in the County of York, discharged of the Limitations created by his Marriage Settlement, and to lay out a Part of the Monies to arise from the Sale thereof in paying off certain Incumbrances affecting a Part of the Estates to which the said Arthur Annesley of Bletchington, and his Issue Male, are entitled under the Will of Arthur Annesley, late of Lincoln's Inn Esquire, deceased, and other Part thereof in the Purchase of Estates situate in the said County of Oxford, or in the adjoining Counties, to be settled to the same Uses as by the said Settlement are limited concerning the settled Estates of the said Arthur Annesley of Bletchington, in the said County of Oxford; and for other Purposes. Ibid.

cxxxix. An Act for confirming certain Indentures of Lease and Release, dated the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Days of August One thousand seven hundred and ninety five, whereby several Manors and Real Estates late of Sir Nicholas Hackett Carew Baronet, deceased, situate in the County of Surrey, were conveyed upon certain Trusts in such Indentures mentioned; for enabling the Trustees named in the said Indentures to convey, settle and assure the said Manors and Real Estates to certain remaining Uses, conformable to the last Will and Testament of the said Sir Nicholas Hackett Carew; for enabling Richard Carew Esquire, and the successive remaining Takers under the said Will, to grant Leases of the said Real Estates; for vesting certain Parts of the said Real Estates in Trustees, in Trust, to be sold; for authorizing the Sale, Release or Extinguishment of the several Quit Rents, Heriot Rights and other Dues, payable by the Freehold, of and Customary Tenants of the said Manors respectively; and also the enfranchising, or reducing to small Fines certain, the several Customary or of Estates holden of the same Manors respectively; and for applying the Monies arising by the said matters respectively in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses. 264

cxl. An Act for changing the Scite of Downing College, in the University of Cambridge, and for providing a Fund for the Purchase of such Scite, and erecting the proper Buildings thereon. Ibid.

cxli. An Act for dividing and allotting a certain Fen, called Wildmore Fen, in the County of Lincoln. 273

cxlii. An Act for dividing and allotting certain Fens, called The East and West Fens, in the County of Lincoln. 274

cxliii. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Marshes and Lammas Grounds, Chase Allotment, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex. Page 274

cxliv. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing certain Commons and other Commonable Lands, in the Parochial Chapelries of Lamesley and Tanfield, or One of them, in the County of Durham. 276

cxlv. An Act for extinguishing the Rights of Common, and other Rights, in and over certain Lands called Saint Thomas's Leys, otherwise Pembroke Leys, in the several Parishes of Saint Botolph, Saint Andrew the Great, Saint Benedict and Saint Mary the Less, in the Town of Cambridge. Ibid.

cxlvi. An Act to alter and amend so much of an Act passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows and Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, and also the Wastelands and Grounds, within the several Parishes of Hanworth, Feltham and Sunbury, in the County of Middlesex, as authorizes and requires the Commissioners to make a certain Allotment therein mentioned to Edmund Hill as Lord of the said Manor. Ibid.

PRIVATE ACTS.

1. AN Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parishes of King's Brompton, Upton and Skilgate, in the County of Somerset.

2. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing certain Moors, Commons or Waste Lands, lying within the Manor and Parish of Tickenham, in the County of Somerset.

3. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing certain Commons or Waste Lands, called Stourton Common, Great Checkhill and Little Checkhill, within the Manor and Parish of Kniver otherwise Kinfare, in the County of Stafford.

4. An Act for naturalizing Mark Anthony de Cullogny.

5. An Act for naturalizing William Bulnois.

6. An Act for naturalizing Muzio Clementi.

7. An Act for vesting the Timber, and other Trees, on the Estates in the County of Northumberland, devised by the Will of Henry Revely Esquire, in Trustees, for certain purposes therein mentioned.

8. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures and other Commonable and Waste Lands, Grounds and Places, within the Hamlet of Weedon, in the Parish of Hardwicke, in the County of Buckingham.

9. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Ings, Carr Lands, Stinted Pastures, Commonable Places and Wastes, within the Manor and Township of Little Useburn, in the West Riding of the County of York.

10. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Stinted Pastures, Commons and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Whixley, in the Parish of Whixley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

11. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Stinted Pastures, Ings, Carrs, Commons, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Staveley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

12. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons or Tracts of Waste Land, and Two Parcels of Ground called The Intack or Cow Pasture, and Shaw Wood, within the several Townships of Framwellgate and Witton Gilbert, and in the several Manors of Chester and Lanchester, in the County Palatine of Durham, and for extinguishing all Right of Common in certain inclosed Intercommon Lands within the several Townships of Framwellgate and Witton Gilbert aforesaid.

13. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Whole Year and old inclosed Lands, Open and Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Fens, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of East Harling, in the County of Norfolk.

14. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of West Bromwich, in the County of Stafford.

15. An Act for naturalizing Andrew Gram.

16. An Act for naturalizing Amelia Weltje.

17. An Act for naturalizing Hans Peter Engstrom.

18. An Act for naturalizing Henry Walther.

19. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Littlebury, in the County of Essex.

20. An Act for naturalizing Daniel Hooffstetter.

21. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commonable Grounds, Lammas Meadows, Whin Lots or Doles, Heaths, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Great Cressingham, in the County of Norfolk, and certain Open and Inclosed Fields and Half Year or Shack Lands, Meadows and Pastures, lying in the said Parish, and in the Parish of Little Cressingham, in the said County.

22. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, Severals and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Happisburgh and Lessingham, in the County of Norfolk; and for extinguishing all Rights of Sheepwalk and Shackage in, over and upon the Lands and Grounds within the said Parish of Happisburgh.

23. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing certain Moors, Commons or Waste Lands, lying and being within the Manor and Parish of Worle, in the County of Somerset.

24. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Hertingfordbury, in the County of Hertford.

25. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of George Duckworth with Mary Grundy his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

26. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of George Taylor Gentleman, with Catherine Birch all Taylor his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

27. An Act for naturalizing John Erhardt Weippert.

28. An Act for vesting a certain Messuage and Premises in Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, (being an Estate devised by the Will of William Langley deceased, in strict Settlement,) in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed to Samuel Baker Esquire, and his Heirs, and for laying out the Money arising from such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses to which the said Messuage and Premises do now stand limited under and by virtue of the said Will.

29. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Benjamin Keene Esquire, and Mary his Wife, in new Trustees, in the Room of the Right Honourable Charles Lord Calthorpe an Infant, to the Uses, and upon the Trusts, of the Settlement made previous to the Marriage of the said Benjamin Keene and Mary his Wife, and for giving a Power to change and appoint new Trustees in future.

30. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Stonesfield, in the County of Oxford.

31. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of South Ferriby, in the County of Lincoln.

32. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of East Halton, in the County of Lincoln.

33. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons and Commonable Places, within the several Parishes of Hemingford Grey and Hemingford Abbotts, in the County of Huntingdon.

34. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Wrestlingworth, in the County of Bedford; and for allotting a Part of Hatley Field in lieu of such Parts of the same Field as are situate in the said Parish of Wrestlingworth.

35. An Act for dividing, allotting, improving and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Belchford, in the County of Lincoln.

36. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing and improving the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Sotby, in the County of Lincoln.

37. An Act for dividing and plotting several Open and Common Fields and Downs, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Manningford Bruce, in the County of Wilts.

38. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing a certain Tract of Common or Waste Land called Kentismoore, within the Manor and Parish of Kentisbeere, in the County of Devon.

39. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Downs, Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Turnwood, otherwise Turnworth, in the County of Dorset.

40. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Little Stoughton, in the County of Bedford.

41. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Ewell, in the County of Surrey.

42. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Balsham, in the County of Cambridge.

43. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Drayton, in the County of Oxford.

44. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Lordship or Liberty of Stanton, in the Parish of Ellaston, in the County of Stafford.

45. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Old Hurst, in the County of Huntingdon.

46. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Thorpe Abbott, in the County of Norfolk.

47. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Commonable Fen Lands, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Alburgh, and Hamlet of Wortwell, in the County of Norfolk.

48. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing and otherwise improving the Open Fields, Open Meadows, Commons and Wastes, within the Parish of Stanground with in the Counties of Huntingdon and Cambridge, and in the Isle of Ely.

49. An Act for naturalizing Saint George Knudson.

50. An Act for naturalizing Joseph Emley.

51. An Act for naturalizing Peter Hinrich Volckers.

52. An Act for enabling Henry Nevill Earl of Abergavenny, to grant a new Lease of certain Mines and Hereditaments, in the County of Monmouth.

53. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Fields, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Blofield and Hemblington, in the County of Norfolk.

54. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of Beighton, Lingwood and Moulton, in the County of Norfolk.

33. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commonable Grounds, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Boughton, in the County of Norfolk.

56. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Fen Grounds, Heaths, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Cavenham, in the County of Suffolk.

57. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing all the Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of Dunkeswell in the County of Devon.

58. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds in the Parishes of Bergh Apton, Thurton, Yelverton, Alpington and Holveston, in the County of Norfolk.

59. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Fields, Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Mattishall in the County of Norfolk.

60. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Stradset, in the County of Norfolk.

61. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Common Heaths, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Great Abington, in the County of Cambridge.

62. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Heaths, Marshes, Fen Grounds, Dooles and Waste Lands, within the several Parishes of Carlton Colvile, Oulton and Kirtley otherwise Kirkley, in the County of Suffolk.

63. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Fields and Waste Lands in the Parish of Castle Froome, in the County of Hereford, and also a certain Common Meadow, called Long Froomy, situate in the said Parish of Castle Froome, and the several Parishes of Bishop's Froome, Much Cowarne and Evesbach, in the said County of Hereford.

64. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Lammas and other Commonable Meadows, Heaths, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the several Parishes of Risby and Fornham All Saints, in the County of Suffolk.

65. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manors of Erdington and Witton, in the Parish of Aston juxta Birmingham, in the County of Warwick.

66. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Bassingbourne, in the County of Cambridge.

67. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Whole Year Inclosures, Open Fields, Commonable Grounds, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Holme Hale and West Bradenham, in the County of Norfolk.

68. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open or Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Lammas Meadows, Fens, Commons and Waste Lands, within the several Parishes of Watton and Carbrooke, in the County of Norfolk.

69. An Act for inclosing, and reducing to a Stint, the several Commons or Moors, called Kettlewell Commons and Moor, and for dividing and inclosing several stinted Pastures, Open Fields and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships of Kettlewell and Conistone, in Kettlewell Dale, in the West Riding of the County of York.

70. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Wilby, in the County of Northampton.

71. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Liberties and Precincts of Lower Heyford, otherwise Heyford at Bridge, and Calcott, in the Parish of Lower Heyford, otherwise Heyford at Bridge, in the County of Oxford.

72. An Act for dividing, allotting and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Headington, in the County of Oxford.

73. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures and other Commonable Lands, within the Hamlet or Township of Little Coxwell, in the Parish of Great Farringdon, in the County of Berks.

74. An Act for dividing, allotting and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Downs, Meadows and Waste Lands, within the Tything of Charlton, in the Manor and Parish of Downton, in the County of Wilts.

75. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Aldenham, in the County of Hertford.

76. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Moors, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Thirlwall, in the Parish of Haltwhistle, in the County of Northumberland.

77. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Moors, Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Castlecarrock, within and Parcel of the Barony of Gilsland, in the County of Cumberland.

78. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Wastes and other Commonable Lands, within and belonging to the several Parishes of Langtoft and Baston, in the County of Lincoln.

79. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Common Fens, Wastes and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within and belonging to the several Parishes of West Deeping and Tallington, in the County of Lincoln.

80. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Lands, Pastures, Leys, Commons and other Waste Lands and Grounds, within the several Townships of Weaverthorp, Helperthorp, East Lutton and West Lutton, otherwise Luttons Ambo, all in the Parish of Weaverthorp, in the East Riding in the County of York, and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and also of the Tythes of the ancient Messuages, Cottages, Frontsteads and inclosed Lands, within the same Townships respectively.

81. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing and improving the several Open Fields, Ings, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Skellow, in the Parish of Owston, in the West Riding of the County of York.

82. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Open, Intermixed and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Slimbridge, in the County of Gloucester, and for allotting and exchanging certain Lands lying in the adjoining Parishes of Cam and Coaley, in the same County.

83. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Hamlet of Lyford, in the Parish of Hanney, in the County of Berks.

84. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures and all other Uninclosed Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Braunston, in the County of Rutland.

85. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Covington, in the County of Huntingdon.

86. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Hadstock, in the County of Essex.

87. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Carrs, Common and Waste Lands, within the Township of North Frodingham, in the Parish of North Frodingham, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tithes thereof, and of ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township.

88. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Coulton, in the County of Norfolk.

89. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Common Pastures, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Denchworth, in the County of Berks.

90. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Great Chesterford, in the County of Essex.

91. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Little Chesterford, in the County of Essex.

92. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Ruston Parva, otherwise Little Ruston, in the East Riding of the County of York.

93. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Langtoft, in the Parish of Langtoft upon the Wolds, in the East Riding of the County of York.

94. An Act for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Sutton Courtney, and the Hamlet of Sutton Wick, in the same Parish, in the County of Berks.

95. An Act for naturalizing Cornelius Paas.

96. An Act for naturalizing John Daniel Baum.

97. An Act for naturalizing Elizabeth Winska.

98. An Act for dividing, allotting and laying in Severalty, certain Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons and Waste Grounds, lying within the Parishes of Barkway and Reed, and the Hamlets thereto belonging, in the County of Hertford, and for extinguishing all Rights of Common, Sheepwalk and Shackage, in, over and upon the Lands and Grounds within the said Parishes and Hamlets.

99. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Fields and Common or Car, within the Township of Molscroft, in the Parish of Saint John of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tithes thereof, and of certain ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township.

100. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the Parishes of Lavendon and Brayfield otherwise Cold Brayfield, in the County of Buckingham.

101. An Act for dividing, allotting and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Lands and Grounds within the Parishes of Down Ampney, in the County of Gloucester, and Latton and Eisey, in the County of Wilts.

102. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Jane Campbell with Edward Addison her now Husband, on account of his incestuous Adultery with the Sister of the said Jane Campbell, and to enable the said Jane Campbell to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

103. An Act for naturalizing David Court.

104. An Act for naturalizing John William Pfeil.

105. An Act for naturalizing William Harre.

106. An Act for naturalizing Henry Suthmier.

107. An Act for naturalizing John Haring.

108. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Tithing or Hamlet of Cheltenham, in the County of Gloucester.

109. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Ripple, in the County of Worcester.

110. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Common and Waste Lands, within the Township of Hornsea, in the Parish of Hornsea, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tithes thereof, and of ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township.

111. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands in the Parish of Kinnersley, in the County of Hereford.

112. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, lying in the united Parishes of Histon Saint Andrew and Histon Saint Etheldred, and of Impington, in the County of Cambridge.

113. An Act for dividing and allotting in Severalty the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures and Commonable and Waste Lands, in or belonging to the Parish, Manors or Tithings of Wilsford, otherwise Willsford Dauntsey, otherwise Willesford Dauntsey, in the County of Wilts.

114. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Saint Ives, in the County of Huntingdon.

115. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Pastures, Cars, Common and Waste Lands, within the Township of Staxton, in the Parish of Willerby, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tithes thereof, and of the ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township, and also of Lands within the Townships of Binnington and Willerby, in the Parish of Willerby aforesaid.

116. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Fields, Sheep Walks, Commons and Waste Grounds, in Little Weeton and Riplingham, within the Township of Little Weeton, in the Parish of Rowley, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tithes thereof, and of ancient inclosed Lands in Little Weeton, Riplingham and Hunsley, in the same Township, Parish and Riding.

117. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Heaths, Wastes and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Little Bytham, and the Hamlet of Aunby, in the County of Lincoln.

118. An Act for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty, and inclosing the Open and Common Arable Lands, Common Meadow, Common Pasture, Common Down, Waste and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township of Letcomb Regis, and in the Hamlet of East Challow, in the Parish of Letcomb Regis, in the County of Berks, and a Common Meadow called White Mead, in Letcomb Regis and East Challow aforesaid, and in the Hamlet of West Challow, in the said Parish of Letcomb Regis, and in the Parish of Letcomb Basset, in the same County.

119. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of James Campbell of Calcutta, in the Province of Bengal, in the East Indies, Doctor of Physic, with Jessy Campbell his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

120. An Act for naturalizing Henry Anthony Wittekind and Christopher Henry Werner.

121. An Act for enabling Henry Michael Goold Esquire to charge certain Sums of Money with a Jointure to Eleanor Hawkins Spinster, his intended Wife, notwithstanding their respective Minorities.

122. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds in the Parish of Chelston, otherwise Chelveston cum Caldecott, in the County of Northampton.

123. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Waste Grounds and Commons, or Commonable Lands, within the Manor of Frimley, in the Parish of Ash, in the County of Surrey.

124. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Scremby, in the County of Lincoln.

125. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Common Heaths, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Little Abington, in the County of Cambridge.

126. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Downs, Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Fetcham, in the County of Surrey.

127. An Act for allotting, inclosing and laying in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons, Heaths and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Bottisham, in the County of Cambridge.

128. An Act for allotting, inclosing and laying in Severalty, the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Trumpington, in the County of Cambridge.

129. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Common Heath and Waste Ground, and other Commonable Places, in the Parish of Tolleshunt Major, otherwise Tolleshunt Beckingham, in the County of Essex.

130. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of George Hayes with Christian Jones his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

131. An Act for naturalizing John Christian Ubele.

THE

STATUTES

OF

THE UNITED KINGDOM

OF

GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND,

42 GEORGE III. 1802.

LONDON:

Printed by His Majesty's Statute and Law Printers

And sold by J. Butterworth and Son, Law Booksellers, in Fleet-Street.

1822.

(Price 15s. in Boards.)

A

TABLE

Containing the TITLES of all

THE STATUTES,

PUBLIC and PRIVATE,

Passed in the SECOND Session of the FIRST Parliament

OF

The United Kingdom of Great Britain and

42 GEORGE III.

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

1. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and two.

2. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed; and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and two.

3. An Act to revive and continue until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, so much of an Act made in the forty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to permitting the Use of Salt, Duty free, in preserving of Fish; and to discontinuing the Bounty payable on White Herrings exported; and to indemnify all Persons who have issued or acted under any Orders for delivering Salt, Duty free, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned.

4. An Act to repeal an Act, made in the forty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act to prohibit until the first Day of October One thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the End of six Weeks next after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, any Person or Persons from selling any Bread which shall not have been baked twenty four Hours; and to indemnify Bakers and other Persons who have sold or exposed to Sale any Bread within the Time prohibited by the said Act.

5. An Act to continue until the first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and two, so much of an Act made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty as relates to the reducing the Duties upon Worts or Wash brewed or made from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, or to any Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits; for reviving and continuing for the same Period so much of the said Act as relates to the reducing and better collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch; and for continuing for the same Period an Act made in the same Session of Parliament for prohibiting the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran in Scotland; and so much of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament as relates to allowing the Distillation of Spirits in Scotland from Melasses or Sugar at a lower Rate of Duty.

6. An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money for the Service of Great Britain, to be raised by a Lottery; and to amend so much of the said Act as relates to the Commencement of the Drawing of the said Lottery.

7. An Act to repeal an Act, made in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act to permit, until the first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and two, the Importation of certain Naval Stores from Hamburgh and other Ports of Germany.

8. An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Exchequer Bills.

9. An Act for raising the Sum of five Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the United Kingdom, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and two.

10. An Act to revive and continue, until the first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and three, an Act made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom.

11. An Act to remove certain Restraints upon the Correspondence by Letter between Persons residing in Great Britain and Ireland and Persons residing in certain Foreign Countries.

12. An Act to regulate, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, the Number of Private Militia Men in the several Counties, Ridings, and Places therein mentioned; and for supplying of Vacancies in the Militia.

13. An Act to continue until the first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and three, and amend an Act of the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for, prohibiting the Exportation and permitting the Importation of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision without Payment of Duty; and to continue for the same Period, an Act of the last Session of Parliament for prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, or other Provisions, and for permitting the Importation into Ireland of Corn, Fish, and Provisions, without Payment of Duty.

14. An Act to permit, until the first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and two, the making of Starch from Rice or Potatoes, or any Mixture thereof, and the Importation of any such Starch from Ireland free of Duty.

15. An Act to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Wheat in Ireland.

16. An Act to continue, until the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and two, an Act, made in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for preventing the Importation of organzined Thrown Silk, Flax, and Flax Seed, into this Kingdom, in Ships or Vessels belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty.

17. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and two.

18. An Act for continuing the Premiums allowed to Ships employed in, and for enlarging the Limits of the Southern Whale Fishery.

19. An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual an Act made in the twenty second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for making a free Market for the Sale of Fish in the City of Westminster, and for preventing the forestalling and monopolizing of Fish; and for allowing the Sale of Fish under the Dimensions mentioned in a Clause contained in an Act of the first Year of his late Majesty's Reign, in case the same are taken with a Hook, as relates to the Sale of Eels.

20. An Act for making perpetual so much of an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; and to continue several Laws relating to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from Great Britain to the British Sugar Colonies in the West Indies until the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight; to the giving further Encouragement to the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America until the twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twelve; to the regulating the Payment of the Duties on Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, and Mace; to the allowing the Importation of certain Fish from Newfoundland and the Coast of Labrador until the twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight; and to the allowing the Importation and Exportation of Goods from and to India and China, in Ships not of British built, during the Continuance of the exclusive Trade to and from the East Indies, granted to the East India Company by an Act of the thirty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign.

21. An Act for raising the Sum of one Million by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and two.

22. An Act for continuing, until the twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and four, the Bounties granted for the Encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisheries; and for continuing and amending the Regulations respecting the same.

23. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes, until the twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and two; to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them, until the twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and two, to provide Admissions duly stamped; to permit such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the first Day of Michaelmas Term One thousand eight hundred and two; to allow, until the twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and two, Persons who have omitted to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants, to make Payment of the same; to indemnify such Persons as have neglected to obtain Certificates of Admission. as Solicitors or Attornies, Notaries or Proctors, and for extending the Time, limited for that Purpose, until two Months after the puffing of this Act; to indemnify Perform who have printed or published Pleadings, and other Proceedings in Courts of Law or Equity, upon which the Name and Place of Abode of the Printer has not been printed; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace, within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time, limited for that Purpose, until the first Day of September One thousand eight hundred and two.

24. An Act to repeal the Duties on Cinnamon imported by the East India Company, and on Cassia Lignea of all Sorts, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof; and to repeal the Custom Duties on certain Hides and Skins; and to repeal certain Duties granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament upon Box Wood imported, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof.

25. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, within the United Kingdom, and the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man.

26. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, until the twenty-fifth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two.

27. An Act to empower his Majesty to cause certain countervailing Duties, granted by an Act of the thirty Seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for carrying into Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, concluded between his Majesty and the United States of America, to cease, or be suspended until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, under certain Circumstances.

28. An Act for continuing, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and amending several Laws relating to the Transportation of Felons and other Offenders, to temporary Places of Confinement in England and Scotland respectively.

29. An Act to authorize the East India Company to make their Settlement at Fort Marlborough, in the East Indies, a Factory subordinate to the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, and to transfer the Servants who, on the Reduction of that Establishment, shall be supernumary, to the Presidency of Fort Saint George.

30. An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and two, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to stay, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and two, Proceedings in Actions under the Statute of King Henry the Eighth, for abridging Spiritual Persons from having Pluralities of Livings, and from taking of Ferms.

31. An Act for continuing, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, several Acts of the last Session of Parliament, for continuing and granting Duties to his Majesty in Ireland.

32. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant certain Parcels of Land, situate between Great Prince Rock and the Village of Crab Tree, called Tothil Bay, and Lipson Bay, near to the Borough of Plymouth in the County of Devon, to certain Persons therein named, for the Purpose of embanking and preferring the same from the Sea.

33. An Act for raising the Sum of twenty-five Millions by way of Annuities.

34. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain additional Duties on Windows or Lights, and on inhabited Houses; and for consolidating the same with the present Duties thereon.

35. An Act for regulating, until the fifteenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and three, the Prices at which Grain, Meal, and Flour, may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain.

36. An Act to continue, until the twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and three, several Acts of the last Session of Parliament for reviving, continuing, and amending several Laws for the better Collection and Security of the Revenues of Ireland.

37. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain additional Duties on Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs; and for consolidating the same with the present Duties thereon.

38. An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties on Beer and Ale brewed in or imported into Great Britain; on Malt made in Great Britain; on Hops grown in or imported into Great Britain; and on Spirits distilled in Ireland and imported into Great Britain; for repealing certain Allowances to Brewers of Beer and Ale; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Revenue of Excise, on Beer, Ale, and Malt.

39. An Act for extending the Time for the Payment of certain Sums of Money, advanced by way of Loan to several Persons connected with and trading to the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent.

40. An Act to continue, until the first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, the Restrictions contained in several Acts of the thirty-seventh and thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, on Payment in Cash by the Bank.

41. An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and two.

42. An Act for repealing the Duties on Income; for the effectual Collection of Arrears of the said Duties, and accounting for the same; and for charging the Annuities specifically charged thereon, upon the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

43. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Goods imported into and exported from Great Britain, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels entering outwards or Inwards in any Port of Great Britain to or from Foreign Parts.

44. An Act for permitting French Wines to be imported into Great Britain in Bottles or Flasks, under certain Restrictions.

45. An Act to continue, until three Months after any Restriction imposed by any Act of the present Session of Parliament on the Bank of England from issuing Cash in Payment shall cease, an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for confirming and continuing the Restrictions on Payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland.

46. An Act to require Overseers and Guardians of the Poor, to keep a Register of the several Children who shall be bound or assigned by them as Apprentices; and to extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to the binding of Apprentices by Houses of Industry, or Establishments for the Poor, which have been authorized so to do by subsequent Acts.

47. An Act to continue, until the twentieth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and three, and amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament relating to certain Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported; for permitting British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused, and for regulating and allowing Drawbacks on Sugar exported.

48. An Act for enabling his Majesty to settle an Annuity of twelve thousand Pounds on his Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex, and a like Annuity of twelve thousand Pounds on his Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, during his Majesty's Pleasure.

49. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia in England, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and two.

50. An Act for continuing an Act, made in this Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their quarters, within the United Kingdom, and the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man.

51. An Act for continuing, until the twenty-fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, an Act made in this Session of Parliament, for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

52. An Act for further continuing, until the first Day of February One thousand eight hundred and six, an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to let to Farm the Duties granted by an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, on Horses let to Hire for travelling Post and by Time, to such Persons as should be willing to contract for the same.

53. An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments in Ireland according to Law.

54. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by Lotteries.

55. An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, during Peace.

56. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the twenty fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for granting Stamp Duties on certain Medicines, and for charging other Duties in lieu thereof; and for making effectual Provision for the better Collection of the said Duties.

57. An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for vesting a certain Fund in Commissioners at the End of every Quarter of a Year, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt; and to direct the Application of additional Funds, in case of future Loans to the like Purpose, as relates to the Commissioners for carrying the same into Execution.

58. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities on Debentures, for the Service of Ireland.

59. An Act for allowing, until the twentieth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and three, additional Bounties on refined Sugar exported, and discontinuing the Duty thereon granted by an Act of this Session of Parliament.

60. An Act to continue, until the thirtieth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and three, and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for regulating and allowing Drawbacks on Sugar exported from Ireland; and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland; and for granting an additional Drawback on the Exportation of refined Sugar.

61. An Act for the further Encouragement of Irish Mariners, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

62. An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for directing the Appointment of Commissioners to administer certain Oaths and Declarations, required by Law to be taken and made by Persons offering to vote at the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, to all Oaths now required by Law to be taken by Voters at Elections for Members to serve in Parliament.

63. An Act to authorize the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets, Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers by the Post, free from the Duty of Portage, by the Members of the two Houses of Parliament of the United Kingdom, and by certain publick Officers therein named; and for reducing the Postage on such Votes, Proceedings, and Newspapers when sent by any other Persons.

64. An Act to revive, and further continue until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, and amend so much of an Act, made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant-Majors of Militia, disembodied under an Act of the same session of Parliament.

65. An Act for making Allowances, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, in certain Cases, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia of Ireland, during Peace.

66. An Act to enable his Majesty to avail himself of the Offers of certain Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps to continue their Services.

67. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the twenty-third Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the preventing the stealing or destroying of Turnips, and for the more effectually preventing the stealing or destroying of Turnips, Potatoes, Cabbages, Parsnips, Pease, and Carrots, to certain other Field Crops, and to Orchards; and for amending the said Act.

68. An Act to enable his Majesty to accept and continue the Services of certain Troops or Companies of Yeomanry in Ireland.

69. An Act to enable such Officers, Mariners, and Soldiers as have been in the Land or Sea Service, or in the Marines, or in the Militia, or any Corps of Fencible Men, since the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, to exercise Trades.

70. An Act for directing certain publick Accounts to be laid annually before Parliament, and for discontinuing certain other Forms of Account now in Use.

71. An Act to amend and render more effectual two Acts passed in twenty-sixth and thirty-second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the Reduction of the National Debt.

72. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for raising a Body of Miners in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, for the Defence of the Kingdom during the present War; and for the more effectually raising and regulating a Body of Miners for the Defence of Great Britain.

73. An Act for the Preservation of the Health and Morals of Apprentices and others, employed in cotton and other Mills, and Cotton and other Factories.

74. An Act to amend an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, so far as relates to the Payment of the Debts incurred for building any Poor House.

75. An Act to amend the Laws for the better Regulation of the Linen Manufacture in Ireland.

76. An Act for repealing two Acts made in the thirty-second and thirty-sixth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace, in such Parts of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, as lie in and near the Metropolis, and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies; and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof; and for increasing the Salaries of the Justices at the Thames Police Office, until the first Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

77. An Act to permit British-built Ships to carry on the Fisheries in the Pacific Ocean, without Licence from the East India Company, or the South Sea Company.

78. An Act to authorize the licensing an additional Number of Hackney Coaches.

79. An Act to revive, and continue until the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and four, and to amend several Acts, passed in the twenty-seventh, thirty-fifth, and thirty-ninth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries; and to continue, until the fourteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, so much of an Act of the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the prohibiting the Importation of foreign-wrought Silks and Velvets.

80. An Act for repealing several Acts made in the thirty-fifth, thirty-sixth, and thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, relating to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose, and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof, to continue until the first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four.

81. An Act for amending so much of an Act passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the secreting, embezzling, or destroying any Letter or Packet sent by the Post; and for the better Protection of such Letters and Packets; and for more effectually preventing such Letters and Packets being sent otherwise than by the Post.

82. An Act to alter, amend, and render more effectual an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in Great Britain.

83. An Act to continue, until the twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and three, an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for regulating the Import, Export, and Sale of Coffee, and securing the Duties payable thereon; and also for securing the Duties payable on Licences to Persons in Ireland, not being Maltsters or Makers of Malt, selling Malt by Commission or otherwise.

84. An Act for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in, and for expediting the Proceedings relating thereto.

85. An Act for the trying and punishing in Great Britain Persons holding publick Employments, for Offences committed abroad; and for extending the Provisions of an Act passed in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James, made for the Ease of Justices and others in pleading in Suits brought against them, to all Persons, either in or out of this Kingdom, authorized to commit to safe Custody.

86. An Act to continue, until the eighth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and three, an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament for staying Proceedings in Actions under the Statute of King Henry the Eighth, for abridging Spiritual Persons from having Pluralities of Livings, and of taking of Ferms; and also to stay Proceedings in Action, under an Act of the thirteenth Year of Queen Elizabeth, touching Leases of Benefices, and other Ecclesiastical Livings, with Cure.

87. An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury of Ireland for the Time being, to sell, lease, convey, or dispose of the Parliament House in the City of Dublin, and all the Premises and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland.

88. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

89. An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments in Trustees, for promoting the Service of his Majesty's Ordnance at Woolwich.

90. An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia.

91. An Act to raise and establish a Militia Force in Scotland.

92. An Act for repealing several Acts for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or reliant therein, in certain Cases; and for substituting other Provisions in lieu thereof.

93. An Act for exempting from the Auction Duty Estates and Effects bought in for the Owner, and Goods imported in any British Ship from any British Colony in America, or from any Part of the United States; for better collecting and securing the Duties of Excise on Wine, Home-made Spirits, Starch, Auctioneers, Rum shipped as Stores, and on Goods or Merchandize chargeable with Duties of Excise; for granting a further Allowance of Salt in the curing and preserving of Pilchards and Scads; and for allowing certain Draining Tiles to be made free of Duty.

94. An Act for repealing certain Duties on Paper, Pasteboards, Millboards, Scaleboards, and Glazed Paper, imported into or made in Great Britain; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

95. An Act for repealing the Duties, granted by an Act made in this Session of Parliament, on Spermaceti Oil, Blubber, Train Oil, Fish Oil, or Oil of Seals, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for repealing the Duties, granted by the said Act, on Linen Yarn made of Flax, and on Goods, Wares, or Merchandize imported by the East India Company, and exported from the Warehouse in which the same shall have been secured; for exempting Stone, the Produce of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, from Duty; and for permitting Merchandize, the Produce of any of the Colonies ceded to the French and Batavian Republicks, to be imported for three Years from the passing of this Act, upon Payment of certain Duties.

96. An Act to authorize the Commissioners of Excise to order the Restoration of Exciseable Goods seized or detained by Officers of Excise.

97. An Act to authorize the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury in Great Britain, and the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury in Ireland, to order the Use of the Hydrometers now employed in the Management of the Revenues, to be discontinued; and other Instruments to be used instead thereof.

98. An Act to continue, until the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, two Acts made in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament, for the further Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man; and for improving the Revenue thereof.

99. An Act for allowing the stamping certain Deeds until the thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and two; for amending an Act passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, relating to Duties on Legacies and Shares of Personal Estates; for exempting certain Legacies from the Payment of Duty; for reducing the Allowances on present Payment of Stamp Duties; and for reducing certain Stamp Duties on Policies for Sea Insurances.

100. An Act for enlarging the Time for which Horses may be let to Hire without being subject to any annual Duty; for explaining and amending several Acts relating to the Duties on Horses, Servants, and Carriages; and for authorizing the Allowance in the Accounts of the Receivers General of the several Sums advanced by them, in pursuance of the Acts for raising a Provisional Force of Cavalry, and not reimbursed to them by Assessment.

101. An Act for repealing the Rates and Duties of Postage upon Letters to and from France and the Batavian Republic from and to London, and for granting other Rates and Duties in lieu thereof; and for exempting from the Duty of Tonnage the Ships and Vessels to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters from France to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

102. An Act for enabling his Majesty to permit the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities into and from the Port of Road Harbour in the Island of Tortola, until the first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, and from thence until six Weeks after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament.

103. An Act to repeal the additional Duty of six Pounds per Centum on the Duties payable on the Importation into Ireland of certain Goods imported by Retailers or Consumers; and for repealing and reducing certain Duties on Policies of Insurance and Sea Insurances in Ireland.

104. An Act to require Persons licensed to keep Lottery Offices in Ireland, to divide into Shares a certain Number of whole Lottery Tickets; and for empowering the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain to remit to the Exchequer of Ireland a certain Sum of Money out of the Contributions for Lotteries.

105. An Act for providing a proper Salary for the Office of the Chancellor or Keeper of the Great Seal of Ireland.

106. An Act for regulating the Trial of Controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in the United Parliament for Ireland.

107. An Act more effectually to prevent the stealing of Deer.

108. An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

109. An Act for authorizing and rendering valid the Discharge of certain Militia Men in Ireland; and for giving Indemnity to the several Counties and Places in Ireland, which may incur any Expence in consequence of the Discharge of certain Militia Men.

110. An Act for raising the Sum of five Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and three.

111. An Act for raising the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and three.

112. An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt of Great Britain.

113. An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Lord Hutchinson Baron Hutchinson of Alexandria, and of Knocklofty in the County of Tipperary, and the two next Persons to whom the Title of Baron Hutchinson shall descend, in consideration of his eminent Services.

114. An Act for extending the Provisions of two Acts of the thirty-fifth and thirty-eighth Years of his present Majesty, so far as they relate to the Encouragement of Persons coming to Milford Haven for the Purpose of carrying on the Southern Whale Fishery.

115. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

116. An Act for consolidating the Provisions of the several Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, into one Act, and for making further Provision for the Redemption and Sale thereof; and for removing Doubts respecting the Right of Persons claiming to vote at Elections for Knights of the Shire and other Members to serve in Parliament, in respect of Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, the Land Tax upon which shall have been redeemed or purchased.

117. An Act for granting to his Majesty, certain additional Duties on Goods imported into and exported from Ireland.

118. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of Ireland, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three; and for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for Offences committed during the Time such Militia shall not be embodied.

119. An Act to suppress certain Games and Lotteries not authorized by Law.

120. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the respective Consolidated Funds of Great Britain and Ireland; for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and two; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

PUBLICK LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS.

i. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening and rendering safe and commodious, several Roads leading from the Town of South Molton in the County of Devon. Page 739

ii. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twenty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening and keeping in Repair several Roads in and near to the Town of Tenbury, in the Counties of Salop, Worcester and Hereford, and also the Roads leading from the Knowle Gate to the Turnpike Road on the Clee Hill, leading from Ludlow to Cleobury Mortimer, and from Kyre Mill to the Turnpike Road leading from Bromyard to Tenbury in the said Counties. Ibid.

iii. An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending the Road from the West End of Seend Street to the Horse and Jockey, in the Parish of Box, in the County of Wilts, and certain other Roads leading out of the said Road; and for making an additional Road from the said Road in the Chapelry of Seend, to communicate with the Devizes Turnpike Road, at or near Somerham Brook, the same Chap dry, all in the said County. Page 740

iv. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts; the One passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually amending several Roads leading from and near the Borough of Truro in the County of Cornwall, and for building and keeping in Repair a Bridge over the River at a Place called the Steppings, in or near the said Borough; and the other, passed in the Twenty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for extending the Provisions of the said former Act to the several other Roads therein described. Ibid.

v. An Act for repairing, altering, widening and improving the Road leading from the City of Canterbury to the Town of Ramsgate, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent; and for suspending and varying, for a limited Time, so much of an Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Toll Gate, and to the Tolls now payable by virtue of the said Act, on the Road leading from the said City of Canterbury to the Isle of Thanet. Ibid.

vi. An Act for repairing, altering, widening and improving the Road leading from the City of Canterbury to the Town and Port of Sandwich, in the County of Kent.

vii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twenty first Year of Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Turnpike Road near the West End of the Town of Chesterfield to Matlock Bridge, and also the Road leading out of the said Road over Barley Bridge to Cross Green, and also the Road leading out of the said last mentioned Road to the Turnpike Road near Rowesley Bridge; all in the County of Derby. Ibid.

viii. An Act for repairing, widening, improving and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Shire Hall in the Town and Port of Woodbridge, to the Broad Street in the Town and Borough of Eye, in the County of Suffolk. 741

ix. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty seventh Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Union Point, near the Town of Uckfield in the County of Sussex, to Langney Bridge, the Parish of Westham in the said County, and for more effectually repairing the said Road; and also for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road from the Side Gate on the Horse Bridge Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Hellingly, to the Turnpike Road leading from Cross in Hand to Burwash the said County.

x. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the First and Twenty first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from the Town of Falmouth, in the County of Cornwall,through the Towns of Penryn, Helstone, and Marazion, and from thence to and over Marazion River and Bridge, and Two hundred Feet to the Westward of the said River and Bridge. Page 741

xi. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Commons and Wastes within the Manor and Parish of Barkeswell, in the County of Warwick. Ibid.

xii. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Twenty first Year of the Reign, of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Wilmslow Bridge in Wilmslow, in the County of Chester, through Nether Alderly and the Town of Congleton, to or near the Red Bull in Church Lawton in the said County. Ibid.

xiii. An Act to enlarge the Powers and explain and amend an Act made in the Twenty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the better repairing the Highways, and cleansing the Streets, within the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex; and for better enlightening the open Places, Streets, Lanes, Passages and Courts there, and regulating the Nightly Watch and Bedels within the said Parish; and for paving, repairing and regulating certain Footways, Squares, Streets, Lanes and other publick Passages and Places in the said Parish; and for removing Nuisances, Obstructions and Annoyances therein. 742

xiv. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of so much of Two Acts passed in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the several Roads therein mentioned, as relates to the Road leading from the Cross of Hand near Finford Bridge, in the County of Warwick, through the Town of Southam in the same County, to the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxford. Ibid.

xv. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts passed in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, so far as the same relate to the Road from Leeds to Otley, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

xvi. An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of several Acts passed in the Eleventh, Twenty sixth, and Twenty ninth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Shoreditch Church through Hackney to Stamford Hill, and cross Cambridge Heath over Bethnal Green to the Turnpike at Mile End, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

xvii. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts passed in the Second and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, leading to the Borough of Saltash, in the County of Cornwall. Ibid.

xviii. An Act for building a new Gaol for the County of Galway, and for purchasing Lands sufficient for the same, and for other Purposes relating thereto. Page 743

xix. An Act for draining and improving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, within the several Parishes of Wimbotsham, Stow, Bardolph and Denver, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

---

xx. An Act for repealing so much of an Act passed in the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the River Severn at Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, to the River Mersey, at or near Netherpool, in the County of Chester, and also for making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended

Canal, as restrains the Company of Proprietors of the said Canal from taking Tonnage on Coals, Coak, Culm, Lime or Limestone, upon a Part of the said Canal; and for authorizing the said Company of Proprietors to raise a Sum of Money to make up the Amount of their original Subscription; and for further amending the several Acts passed relative to the making of the said Canal.

xxi. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts passed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the East Side of Barnsley Common, in the County of York, to the Middle of Grange Moor, and from thence to White Cross, and also the Road from the Guide Post in Barugh to a Rivulet called Barugh Brook, and from thence for Two hundred Yards over and beyond the same Rivulet or Brook, into the Township of Cawthorne, in the said County.

xxii. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and preserving the Open Fields, Marsh Lands, Fens, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of Norfolk. 744

xxiii. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, One passed in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His, late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening and repairing the Road leading from Horsham, in the County of Sussex, through Capell, Dorking, Mickleham and Leatherhead, to the Watch House in Ebbisham, in the County of Surrey; and from Capell to Stone Street, in the Parish of Ockley, in the said County of Surrey. Ibid.

xxiv. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual so much of an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty intituled An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the South Level, Part of the great Level of the Fens commonly called Bedford

Level, between certain old Rivers or Drains, called Stoke River, and Brandon River, and a certain Level or District called Felt-well New District, and The Hard Lands of Woodhall in Helgay, and Helgay, in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, as relates to the Fen and Low Grounds lying within the Second District or Division described in the said Act. Ibid.

[Local fy Personal) 42 GEO. III.

xxv. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey to make Railways, to alter the Course of the Railway from to, and Part

of the Course of the Canal from Froghall to Uttoxeter; and to amend the Trent and Mersey Canal Acts. Page 745

xxvi. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts passed in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein described, so far as the same relate to the Roads from Otley to * in the County of York, and from Skipton aforesaid to *, in the County

Palatine of Lancaster; and for altering the Course or Direction of certain Parts of the said Road from Otley to Skipton aforesaid. Ibid.

--

xxvii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by several Acts for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer brewed and vended within the Town of Dundee and the Liberties and Suburbs thereof. 746

xxviii. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act made in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of Mary Islington, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

xxix. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing and improving certain Open Meadows, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within or belonging to the Manor or Parish of in the County of Stafford. Ibid.

---

xxx. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing a Tract of Common and Waste Lands, called Rho situate in the several Parishes of Aberdaron, Llanfaelrhy and Bryncroes, in the County of Caernarvon. Ibid.

xxxi. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the several Open Fields, Stinted Pasture and Common, within the Parish of Richmond, in the North Riding of the County of York. 749

xxxii. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Kempston, in the County of Bedford. Ibid.

xxxiii. An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of Two several Acts of the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and of the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty, charging a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale, Porter and Beer, brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped or sold, within the Town and Parish of Kelso, in the County of Roxburgh, for the Purposes therein mentioned. Ibid.

xxxiv. An Act for inclosing and improving Mountjoy Square, in the Parish of Saint George, in the County of Dublin. Ibid.

xxxv. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Somersetshire Coal Canal Navigation to vary and alter the Lines of the said Canal; to raise Money for completing the said Canal and Works; and to alter and amend the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts passed for making the said Canal. Ibid.

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

xxxvi. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two several Acts passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the High Road from

Westwood Gate, in the Parish of in the county of -

Bedford, through the Towns of Rushden and High am Ferrers, and over Artleborough Bridge, to the Turnpike Road in Barton

Seagrave Lane, in the Parish of Burton Sea grave, in the County of Northampton. Page 749

xxxvii. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powrers of Three several Acts passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King the

Second, and in the Thirteenth and Twenty first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Toll Gate in the Parish of Kettering, through the Town of Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton, and through Olney, over Sherrington Bridge, to Newport Pagnel, in the County of Bucks; and for repairing and widening or rebuilding the said Sherrington Bridge. 750

xxxviii. An Act for amending, widening, turning, altering, improving and keeping in Repair the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in the Horse Fair, in the Town of Banbury, in the County of Oxford, through in the said County of Oxford, and through Brailes, in the County of Warwick, to the Bridge crossing the River Stour, in the Parish of

in the said County of Warwick. Ibid.

xxxix. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Twenty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, the Road from Wrexham,

in the County of Denbigh, to Barnhill, the County of Chester;

and for making, amending and keeping in Repair the Road branching out of the said Road at a Place called Pwll-y-rJmyd, in the said County of Denbigh, to the Borough of Holt, in the same County. Ibid.

xl. An Act for making and maintaining a new Road, to extend from or near to a Place called in the Parish of Kirk-

patrick Juxta, in the County of Dumfries, by the Boroughs of Lochmaben and Annan, to the River of Sark, at or near to the present Bridge there. Ibid.

xli. An Act for vesting several Messuages and Hereditaments in Sheffield, in the County of York, and divers detached Parts of the settled Estates of the most noble Charles Duke of Norfolk, in Trustees, upon Trust to sell; and for laying out the Monies, in the Purchase of more convenient Estates, and otherwise. Ibid.

xlii. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing and appropriating.

the Commons, Waste Grounds and Mosses, within the Manor or Township of Egton with Newlanin the Parish of Ulverston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. 751

xliii. An Act for improving the Tinmouth Castle Light House and Light; and for authorizing additional Light Duties in respect of such Improvement. Ibid.

xliv. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging

Local Personal

the Powers of Two several Acts, passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Asin the County of Leicester, through Burton upon in the County of Stafford, and to the Cock Inn in Tudbury, in the said County. Page 751

xlv. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from a Place called The Croton Hill, in the Town of Nexvent, in the County of Gloucester, to join the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Hereford, towards in the County of

Gloucester; and also another Road leading from the Bottom of Kilcott HUT in the Parish of aforesaid, towards the Town and Forest of Deane, in the County of Gloucester, with a Branch from the same towards Ledbury, in the County of Hereford. Ibid.

xlvi. An Act for authorizing the Trustees of the Will-, of the Honourable Richard Walpole to sell certain Parts of his Copy-hold Estates in the County of Norfolk, for the Payment of his Debts.

xlviii An Act for building and maintaining a House of Correction in and for the City and County of Aberdeen, and for raising a Fund for defraying the Charges of apprehending, prosecuting and subsisting Criminals, Rogues and Vagabonds, found within the said City and Liberties thereof.

xlviii. An Act for opening several new Streets in the Town of Kilmarnock and County of Ayr; for altering and widening some of the Streets, Lanes and Passages within the said Town; for building Two new Bridges over the Water of Kilmarnock; for removing the present Slaughter Houses in the said'Town, and building new ones, and a Town Hall and Guard House; for enlarging and repairing the Gaol or Tolbooth; for enlarging the Burial Ground of the said Town; for Paving the said Town and Places'adjoining thereto, and removing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for extending the Jurisdiction of the Magistrates of the said Town over certain adjacent Lands. 752

xlix. An Act to authorize the Advancement of further Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for completing the Canal, and other Works, which, by an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for rendering more commodious and for better regulating the Port London, were directed to be made and done by the Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

l. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for draining the Low Grounds and Carrs lying in the several Parishes, Townships, and Places o/’Keyingham, Iveying-ham Marsh, Ryhill and Camerton, Burstwick Skeckling, Burton Pidsea, and Ridgmont, Ottringham, Halsham, Owstwick, Roofs, Rimswell, Tunstall, Waxholme, Elstermvick, Lelley, Humbleton, Fitting, Hilston, Garton, Albrough, Flint.on, and Tansterne, within the Seigniory Holder ness, and East Riding

of the County of York; and to render more effectual the Drainage of all and singular the Lands and Grounds within the said

The TITLES of the STATUTES,'

several Parishes, Townships and Places, and within all other Townships, Hamlets and Places,within or Parcel or Member of the several Parishes mentioned, or any of them respectively. Page 756

li. An Act for amending, widening, improving and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from, or nearly from,

otherwise cailedTtowgor Ferry, in the county of , "to or near to Pentre Voelas, in the Parish of in the County of Denbigh. Ibid.

lii. An Act for altering, amending and enlarging the Powers of so much of an Act passed in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Stockbridge, in the County of Sto the City of Winchester, and from the said City through, to the

Top of Stephens Castle Down, near the Town of Bishop s Waltham, in the said County, and from the said City of

through Ottorborne to Bar Gate, in the Town and County of the

Town of Southampton; as relates to the South District of the Southampton Road. Ibid.

liii. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates of John Williams Esquire, devised by the Will of Peckam Williams Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for discharging an Incumbrance thereon. 757

liv. An Act for vesting the Entirety of certain Hereditaments in the County of Middlesex, and an undivided Moiety of certain other Hereditaments, in the same County, respectively devised, in strict Settlement, by the Will of John Esquire, deceased, in Charles Shaw Lefevre Esquire, and his Heirs, and for settling the Entirety of certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Southam, in lieu thereof, and to the like Uses. Ibid.

lv. An Act for repealing an Act passed in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County Wigtown; and for the more effectually amending, widening, repairing and keeping in Repair, the Road from the High Bridge of Cree, by Newton

Douglass, Glenluce, and Stranraer, to Port Patrick, and from Stranraer to the Confines of the County of Ayr near the Cairn of Lochryan; and for levying a Conversion Money in lieu of the Statute Labour, and otherwise regulating the making and repairing the High Roads and Bridges the said County. Ibid.

lvi. An Act for enlarging the present, or providing an additional Workhouse for the Parish of Ch, in the County of Kent; for raising Money for that Purpose; for the better ascertaining and collecting the Poor Rates; and for the better Relief, Government, and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish. Ibid.

lvii. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for erecting a Workhouse in the City and County of the City of Norwich, for the better Employment and maintaining the Poor there, so far as the same relates to the erecting a new Workhouse within the said City and County, for the better Maintenance of the Poor thereof. Ibid.

lviii. An Act for draining, preserving from Water, and improving

Personal) GEO. III.

certain Low Lands and Grounds lying within the several Parishes or Chapelries of Wookey, Westb

Mear, Weave, Nyland, Badgwort East Brent, South Brent, Cheddar, Axbridge, Compton Bishop, Loxton, Bleadon, Brean, Berrow, and all in the County of

Somerset; and for altering and improving the Navigation of the River Axe, within the said Parishes of Bleadon, Lympsham, Loxton, East Brent, Compton Bishop, Biddisham, Badgvoorth, Weave and Axbridge, some or one of them, above and from a certain Place called Southern Mead Barrs, situate within the said Parish of Bleadon. Page 7 58

lix. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Twenty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled Act for amending and widening the Roads leading from Stretford’s Bridge, in the County of Hereford, to the New Inn, the Parish of Winstanstow, in the County of Salop, and also the Road from Bluemantle Hall, near Mortimer’s Cross, to Aymstrey, in the said County of Hereford; and for repealing so much of an Act made in the Twenty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from Mortimer’s Cross to Aymstrey Bridge. Ibid.

lx. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts passed in the Ninth and Twenty eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening certain Roads therein described, so far as the same relate to the Road from Henley Bridge, in the County of Oxford, to Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to Culham Bridge, and to a Place called Stone, in the Road leading to Magdalen Bridge, in the said County. Ibid.

lxi. An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Bars at within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport, in the County of Salop, and several other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Bars at Boughton within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whitchurch aforesaid, being the first District of Roads in the said Acts mentioned. 759

lxii. An Act for amending, widening, improving and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from in the Parish of Broadwater, in the County of Sussex, by Findon, Washington Hill Rock, and Ashington Common, to Dial Post, and from

thence, by Nep Castle and Bay bridge Lane, to the Turnpike, at West Gnnsted Park, in the said County. Ibid.

lxiii. An Act for repealing an Act passed in the Twenty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the Stones End, in Kent Street, in the Parish of

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

Saint George Southwark, to Dartford, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of and and for more

effectually repairing and improving the said Roads, and for lighting and watching or guarding the same; and also for increasing the Compositions payable in lieu of Statute Duty, by the Parishes of East Greenwich and Paul Deptford, to the Treasurer of the said Roads. Page 759

lxiv. An Act for repairing, widening and altering the Road leading from the South End of Brown s Lane, in the Parish of Great Staughton, in the County of Huntingdon, to the Bedford Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Lavin the County of ingham. 760

lxv. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, one passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Thirty nine Mile Stone, at the Upper End of Stone Street, in the Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, to a certain Place called Tubbs Lake, in the Parish of Cranbrook, in the said County. Ibid.

lxvi. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Fifth and Nineteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening and keeping in Repair, the several Roads in the County of Carmarthen, so far as relate to the Kidwelly District of Roads therein mentioned, for discharging the Trustees from the Care of a Part of the Roads within the said District, and for amending, widening, improving and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the North Side of a Bridge called

ar-Gwillyto a Bridge called Pont-ar-ddy-lais, and from thence to the River Lonelier, in the Parish of in the County of Carmarthen. Ibid.

lxvii. An Act for rectifying a Mistake in a Settlement made by the Right Honourable John late Earl of Bute,'the Right Honourable Mary Wortley,late Countess of Bute and Baroness Mountstuart, his Wife, both deceased. Ibid.

lxviii. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of George Silvertop Esquire, in Pont Island, otherwise P Poland, in the County of Northumberland, and Winlaton, in the County in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Money to arise by such Sale in or toward the Payment of the Debts and Legacies of John Silvertop Esquire, deceased; and for annexing the Rectory and Tythes of the Parish Church of Saint Peter,

in the said County of Northumberland, held by a Lease for Twenty one Years, to the Uses of the Will of the said late John Silvertop; and for vesting in the said George Silvertop several Parts or Shares of certain Coal Mines or Collieries in Kyo

Field, Chopwell, and the Parish of in the said County of

Durham, heretofore belonging to the said John Silvertop, mostly held by the like Tenure; and for enabling the said

vertop to charge Part of the settled Estates with the Sum of five thousand Pounds, and to authorize the Executors of the said John Silvertop to pay to the said George Silvertop the Sum of

( Local$ Personal) 42° GEO. III.

Two hundred and thirty five Pounds, and deliver to him the Household Furniture, and other Goods and Chattels, for his own Benefit; and also for vesting his Estate in Minster, in the said County of Northumberland, in Trustees, to certain Uses, and to the Uses of the said Will. Page 760

lxix. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parish of in the County of Denbigh. 761

lxx. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Moor or Common, Open Fields, Stinted Pastures and other Commonable Lands, within the Township of Mic, and Parish of -kirk, in the North Riding of the County of 762"

lxxi. An Act for enabling certain Persons in the Town and Port of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of, to erect an

Exchange there, for the Accommodation of themselves, and the Merchants and others concerned in Trade in the said Town and Port; and for incorporating the Proprietors thereof.

lxxii. An Act for completing the rebuilding of the Tower of the Parish Church of Saint Anne, within the Liberty of in the County of Middlesex, and a new Vestry Room, Watch House, Engine House and Vaults, for the Use of the said Parish,

and for repairing the said Church, improving the Church Yard, and making certain Regulations relating to the said Parish. 763

lxxiii. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution Three several Acts passed in the Thirty fifth, Thirty eighth and in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London near Temple and for

making a more commodious Street or Passage at Hill;

and for raising on the Credit of the Orphans’ Fund a Sum of Money for those Purposes; and for explaining, amending and enlarging the Powers of the said Acts. Ibid.

lxxiv. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Fields, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Catfield and Sutton, in the County of Norfolk, and for draining and preserving the said Commons and Waste Grounds. 764

lxxv. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts passed respecting several Roads near the Borough of Ashburton, and the Town of Newton and for amending, widening, altering and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from a Place called Moors Barn to the End of White Hill Lane, in the Parish of and for making

and maintaining a Road from the Bottom of Dean Clapper Hill, at the West End of the Village of Dean Prior, in the Parish of Dean Prior, through the Village of Dean Church Town, and from thence through the Parishes of and SouthBrent, to

Brent Bridge, all in the County of Devon. Ibid.

lxxvi. An Act for repealing an Act passed in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from the Stones End in Blackman Street, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to Highgate, in the County of Sussex, and several other Roads therein mentioned, and for granting other Powers for those Purposes.

The TITLES of die STATUTES,

lxxvii. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts, passed in the First and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King George the First, the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Seventh and Thirty fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Tyburn and in the County of Middlesex, and for amending the Road leading from Brent Bridge, over Hanwell Heath, through the Parishes of

Hanwell, New Brentford, and Ealing, to the Great Western Road, in the said County; and for lighting, watching, and watering the Highway between Tyburn and Kensington Gravel Pits. Page 764?

lxxviii. An Act for enabling Trustees to make Exchange of a Messuage and other Hereditaments at in the County of Lincoln,(Part of the settled Estates of Esquire,)

for a Messuage and other Hereditaments at in the said County of Lincoln. 765

lxxix. An Act for dividing and allotting in Severalty the Open and Common Arable Fields, Commons, Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Westbury, in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

lxxx. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram-road, from or from near a certain Place called The Flats, in the the Parish of Llanelly, in the County of Carmarthen, to or near to certain Lime Rocks, called Castell-y-in the Parish of LlanjihangelAberbythich, in the said County; and for making and maintaining a Dock or Bason at the Termination of the said Railway or Tramroad, at or near the said Place called The Flats. Ibid.

lxxxi. An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of two Acts, one passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Barrs at within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport, in the County of Salop, to Betsey Bank, in the County of Stafford, and from thence to Castle Bromwich and Stone Bridge, in the Parish of Hampton Arden,

in the County of Warwick, and from Castle Bromwich to Birmingham, in the same County; so far as the said Acts relate to the Roads leading from a Place called The Welsh Harp, in the Township of Stonncdl, in the said County of Stafford, to Stone Bridge, and from Castle Bromwich to Birmingham, being the fourth District of Roads in the said Acts mentioned. lxxxii. An Act to enlarge the Term, and to amend, alter and vary the Powers of an Act passed in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act of the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for more effectually repairing and amending the Roads from Liverpool to Prescot, Ashton and Warrington, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and to vary certain Parts of the Line of the said Roads. 766

lxxxiii. An Act for widening, altering, improving and repairing

(Local % Personal) 42° GEO. III.

the Road leading from Alfreton, in the County of Derby, to the Town of Derby. Page 766

lxxxiv. An Act for exchanging the settled Estate of Sir George Beeslon Prescott, Baronet, in the county of , for another

Estate of greater Value in the County of Flint, to be settled in lieu thereof. Ibid.

lxxxv. An Act to enable the High Court of Chancery to authorize and empower the Devisees in Trust under the Will of Glover, late of King Street, in the Parish of Saint George, in the County of Middlesex, Gentleman, to grant a Lease for the Term of Ninety nine Years of the Messuage or Tenement therein mentioned, being Part of the Estate devised by the said Will, pursuant to an Agreement therein recited, or for such shorter Term of Years, and upon such other Conditions as to the said Court shall seem reasonable. Ibid.

lxxxvi. An Act for feuing the Glebe of the Parish of the Barony of Glasgow, in the County of Lanark.

lxxxvii. An Act for exonerating and discharging Parcel of the Possessions of the Prebendary of the Prebend of Prees otherwise Pipa Minor, founded in the Cathedral Church of Lichfield, in the County of Stafford, of and from a certain Lease made thereof; and for authorizing the Sale of the Mines and Minerals within the Premises comprized in such Lease, and for other Purposes. 767

lxxxviii. An act for repealing so much of an Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better supplying the Cities of London and W est-minster with Fish, and to reduce the present exorbitant Price thereof, and to protect and encourage Fishermen, as limits the Number of Fish to be sold by Wholesale within the said City of London ;and for the better Regulation of the Sale of Fish

by Wholesale in the Market of Billingsgate, within the said City. Ibid.

lxxxix. An Act to remove Doubts as to certain Acts relating to the Admeasurement of Coals in the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent; and to revive and continue an Act,

passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Admeasurement of Coals within the Limits aforesaid; and to indemnify all Persons who have acted in pursuance of any of the Provisions of the said Act. 771

xc. An Act for altering and amending an Act passed in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for widening, improving, regulating, paving, cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes and other Passages and

Places, within the Kings Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent; for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances and Annoyances therein ;for better supplying the said Town with Water, and for repairing the Highways within Parish of Maidstone; and for raising a further Sum of Money for completing the Purposes of the said Act. 772

xci. An Act for amending an Act passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled and establishing publick Quays or Kingston upon Hull,

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

for the better securing His Majesty s Revenues of Customs, and for the Benefit of Commerce in the Port Kingston upon Hull; for

making a Bason or Dock, with Reservoirs, Sluices, Roads and other Works, for the Accommodation of Vessels using the said Port ;and for appropriating certain Lands belonging His Majesty, and for applying certain Sum of His Majesty's

Customs at the said Port, for those Purposes; and for establishing other necessary Regulations within the Town and Port of Kingston upon Hull; and also for making additional Basons or Docks at Kingston upon Hull, with an Entrance into the same from the River Humber; and for granting certain Lands belonging to His Majesty, in Aid of the said Works. Page 772 xcii. An Act for amending, altering and extending the Powers of the several Acts of Parliament now in force, for supplying the City of Dublin with Water, and for making better Provision for that Purpose. Ibid.

xciii. An Act for vesting divers Estates in the Parishes of Bradford and Calverly, in the West Riding of the County of York, purchased for the Benefit of the Proprietors of the Bradford Canal Navigation, in Trustees, upon certain Trusts, discharged from all Claims of the Crown in respect of any Forfeiture incurred under or by virtue of the Laws or Statutes of Mortmain. 773

xciv. An Act for repealing an Act passed in the Thirty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for improving the Navigation of the River Medway, from the Town of Maidstone, through the several Parishes of Maidstone, and Aylesford, in the County of Kent; and for the better and more effectually improving the Navigation of the said River.

xcv. An Act for dividing, inclosing, draining and preserving the Open Fields, Half Year’s Meadow Land, Common Pastures, Moors and Waste Lands, within the Parish of in the County of Lincoln, and Townships of Harby and Broadholm, in the County of Nottingham. Ibid.

xcvi. An Act to empower the Mayor, Aldermen and Common Councilmen of the Borough of Bin the County of Lincoln, to take down the Bridge over the River in the said

Borough, and to erect a Bridge over some other Part of the said River within the said Borough, and to open and make proper Avenues, Ways and Passages thereto, and to enlarge and improve the Gaol and House of Correction within the said Borough, and to purchase and take down several Houses for the Purposes aforesaid. xcvii. An Act for making and repairing the Road from Causeway Head near Stirling, through the County of Clackmannan, by the Foot of the Ochil Hills and by West Saline and Crossfoord, towards Queens ferry, and certain Roads branching out of the same; and for converting the Statute Labour in the said County of Clackmannan. Ibid.

xcviii. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts passed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third and Eighteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening and amending the Roads from the

(Local Personal)42° GEO. III.

Town of Uttoxeter to the Town of Newcastle under Lyme, and from Clffe Bank to S'nape Marshand also from Lower Lane to Hem Heath, all in the County of Stafford. Page 774

xcix. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Moot Hall, in Wirksworth, to the Turnpike Road leading from Derby to Brassington, at or near to a Place called The Cross in the Hand,

on Hull and Ward, and also the Road from the said Moot Hall to another Turnpike Road leading from the Cross Post Wirksworth Moor to Matlock Bath, at or near to a Place called The Steeple House, in the Township of Wirksworth aforesaid, the County of Derby. Ibid.

c. An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of several Acts heretofore passed, for repairing the Road from Dunchurch to Stonebridge, in the County of Warwick. Ibid.

ci. An Act for making and maintaining, and for watching, lighting and watering a Road from the West India Docks in the Isle of Dogs, to communicate with a Street called Church Lane or Church Street, Whitechapel, and for making and maintaining a Branch of Road therefrom, to communicate with Queen Street, in the Parish of Saint Anne, all in the County of Middlesex; for opening, widening and improving certain Streets and Passages therein mentioned; and for more effectually amending and keeping in Repair a Road from Highway, through

Cannon Street, in the County of Middlesex, into the Road leading into the County of Essex, and also from the West End of Brook Street into Cable Street, and from Upper - into the Back Lane, in the said County of Middlesex. Ibid.

cii. An Act for authorizing the Persons therein named to concur on the Part of Peter de Salis Esquire, and the other Persons entitled under the Settlement executed by Jerome de Salis Esquire, and Mary his Wife, and the Will of the said Mary de Salis, in making a Partition of certain Estates late of the Right Honourable Susanna Viscountess Fane, situate in the Counties of Armagh, Limerick and Tipperary, in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland. 775

ciii. An Act for vesting certain Trust Estates, Stocks, Funds and Securities, of which John Beardsworth Esquire, and Thomas Williams Esquire, were Trustees, in James Palmer Hobbs Esquire, and George Burley Gentleman. civ. An Act to enable John Slcynner Esquire, and Charles

Williams Gentleman, on Behalf of John Perry and James Perry Infants, who are entitled to undivided Shares in certain Copy-hold Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, situate within the Manor of Tottenham otherwise Totin the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, late the Estate of Catharine Whitehead deceased, to concur with the Owners of the several other undivided Shares of the same of Hereditaments in making a Partition and Division thereof; and to enable the said John Skynner and Bigoe Charles Williams to sell or mortgage a competent Part of the Shares of the said Infants therein, and to apply the Money arising thereby, under the Direction of

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

the Court of Chancery, for the Maintenance and Advancement of the said Infants, to make such Surrenders of their Shares as may be necessary. Page 775

cv. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Will of John Paul Esquire, situate in the county of , in John Paul Paul Esquire, in Fee Simple, discharged from the Uses and Trusts of the said Will, in Exchange for an Estate in the County of Gloucester, and for vesting the Residue of the said devised

Estates in the County of Wilts, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Monies to arise by such Sale under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses. Ibid.

cvi. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships or Hamlets of Sexoerby and Marion, and within the Manor of cum

Mart071, in the Parish of Bridlington, in the East Riding of the County of York. 776

cvii. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Ings, Carr, Common and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Township of otherwise

Fleeceton, in the Parish of Folkton, in the East Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

cviii. An Act for altering, amending and rendering more effectual, an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for dividing and allotting a certain Fen called Wildmore Fen, in the County ©/Lincoln; and for dividing, allotting in Severalty, and inclosing the parochial or general Allotments set out, or to be set out, in pursuance of the said Act, for compensating for the Tythes of such Allotments, and for declaring and determining to what Parish or Parishes the several Allotments of the said Fen shall belong. Ibid.

cix. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of Shitlington and Holvoell, in the County of Bedford. Ibid.

cx. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Township of Wirksworth, in the County of Derby, for protecting certain Springs situate on the said Commons and Waste Lands; and for the better securing a Supply of Water for the Use of the Inhabitants of the Town of Wirksworth, in the said County.

cxi. An Act for explaining, amending and rendering more effectual several Acts of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and of the Seventh and Thirty fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Navigation of the River, in the County of Southampton. Ibid.

cxii. An Act for building and maintaining a Harbour and Pier at the Town and in the Parish of Thurso, in the County of Caithness. 777

cxiii. An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for rendering more commodious and for better regulating the Port of

(Local Sf Personal) 42° GEO. III.

London, so far as the same relates to the Concerns of the West India Dock Company thereby established,' and for extending to other Objects the Compensations directed to be made by the said Act. Page 777

cxiv. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the Boat Pool of Dairy in the to the Port and Town of Kirkcudbright, in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright. 790

cxv. An Act for making and maintaining certain Railways to communicate with the Monmouthshire Canal Navigation, and for enabling the Company of Proprietors of that Navigation to raise a further Sum of Money to complete their Undertaking; and for explaining and amending the Acts passed in the Thirty second and Thirty seventh Years of His present Majesty's Reign relating thereto.

cxvi. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the more factual draining the Lands lying in the Level of Ancholme, in the County of Lincoln, and making the River Ancholme navigable from the River Humber, at or near a Place called Ferraby Sluice, in the County of Lincoln, to the Totem of Glamford Briggs, and for continuing the said Navigation up or near to the said River from thence to Bishop Briggs, in the said County of Lincoln. Ibid.

cxvii. An Act for the more effectually amending, widening, improving and keeping in Repair the Road from the Turnpike Road at Buckton Burn, in the County of through

Berwick upon Tweed, to Lammerton, and also several other Roads therein mentioned, lying in the said County, and within the Liberties of the said Town of Berwick; and also for erecting Two Bridges over the River Tive and for making Two Roads from the said Bridges to the Road leading from Berwick aforesaid to Cornhill, in the said County of Durham. Ibid.

cxviii. An Act for vesting divers Freehold and Leasehold Messuages, Pieces or Parcels of Ground and Hereditaments, situate in several Parishes in the County of Middlesex, heretofore the Estates of Thomas Taylor Esquire, the Father, and Thomas Taylor Esquire, the Son, both deceased, and several Leasehold Messuages in the same County, heretofore the Estate of Sarah Otway Widow, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, and for applying the Purchase Money according to the Directions of the said Court, such Directions to be given upon Application in a summary Way. 791
---
cxix. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Commons and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Coningsby otherwise Conesby, in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

PRIVATE ACTS.
---
Anno 42 Geo

1. AN Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Fields, TA Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of East Tuddenham, in the County of Norfolk.

2. An Act for enabling the Honourable Barbara Cockayne cott to take and use the Surname and Arms of pursuant to the Will of her Grandfather, Thomas Medlycott Esquire, deceased.

3. An Act for naturalizing John Henry

4. An Act for naturalizing John Bertrand de Bonbee de Brouquens.

5. An Act for naturalizing Sebastian

6. An Act for naturalizing Herman Gerhard

7. An Act for naturalizing Pierre Joseph

8. An Act for naturalizing Isaac Aldebert and Charles Christian Becher.

9. An Act for naturalizing John Frederick Schroder.

10. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing, the Warren, Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Haynsrford, in the County of Norfolk.

11. An Act for naturalizing John Delord.

12. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of *, in the North Riding of the County of York.

13. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of Handsvoorth, in the West Riding of the County of York.

14. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Fields, Commons, Doles and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Filby, in the County of Norfolk.

15. An Act for dividing, exchanging, allotting and inclosing the Open and Commonable Lands and Fields within the Parish of Pitney otherwise Pitney Lortie, in the County of Somerset.

16. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parishes of and Gislingham, in the County of Suffolk.

17. An Act for naturalizing Johann Henrich Albers.

18. An Act for naturalizing Albert Wittenburg.

19. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs and all other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds in the Hamlet or Liberty of Bucklatid, in the Parish of *, in the County of Berks.

20. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Fen Grounds and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds lying in the Parish of Horningsea, in the County of Cambridge.

21. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons

(Private) 42° GEO. III.

and Waste Lands, within the Parish of *, in the County of Buckingham.

22. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing a certain Common or Waste Ground called Mortimer Common, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Stratfield Mortimer, in the Counties of Berks and Hants.

23. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Lands, within and belonging to the Hamlet and Tything of Broughton otherwise Drakes Broughton, in the Parish of Holy Cross, in Pershore, in the County of Worcester.

24. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Moors, Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Manors of Troddermain, Walton Wood, Askerton and all in the Parish of

Lanercost, in the County of Cumberland.

25. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures and Waste Grounds, within or belonging to the Hamlets or Tythings of West Aston otherwise West Yaston and Middleton, in the Parish of Long Parish,

, in the County of Southampton.

26. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Fields, Pastures, Commons and Commonable Grounds, within the Parish of Cropwell Bishop otherwise Great Crojmell, in the County of Nottingham.

27. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Commonable Fields, Lammas and Commonable Meadows, Heaths, Fens and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of

ham, in the County of Suffolk.

28. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Fields,

Half Year or Shack Lands, Lammas Meadows, Fen Grounds, Commons and Waste Lands, within the several Parishes of Ellingham, Broome, Kirby Cane and, in the County of Norfolk.

29. An Act for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Saivston, in the County of Cambridge.

30. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable and Waste Lands within the Parish of Baldwin Brightwell, in the County of Oxford.

31. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing, the Open Fields,

Mesne Inclosures, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the several and respective Manors and Townships of Hoy-

land Stvaine and Cawthome, in the Parish of Silkstone, in the West Riding of the County of

32. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Piece or Parcel of Common Pasture Land called Sotherton Moor, in the Parish of Sotherton, in the County of Siffolk.

33. An Act for naturalizing Henrich Kolle.

34. An Act to enable John Duke of Argyll to exchange certain Lands, Parts of his entailed Estate in the Shire of Argyll, for certain other Lands belonging to him in Fee Simple, lying in the Shires of Argyll and Clackmannan.

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

[39 G. 3. C. 109. pr.]

35. An Act for altering, amending and rendering more effectual

an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for allotting and inclosing the Open and Common, Common

Common Pastures and Waste, within the Parishes of

Kemsford and Dryffield, in the County Gloucester; and for enlarging and extending the Powers of the Commissioners in the said Act named.

36. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of A, in the County of Worcester,

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Places, within the Parish of

Hargrave, in the County of Northampton,

38. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and

Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish, Township or Hamlets, of Weston by Welland and Sutton, in the County of Northampton.

39. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing a certain Tract of Common or Waste Land, called Oalcsey, situate

within, or belonging to, the Manor of, in the County of Wilts.

40. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the whole Year or every Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Heaths, Commonable Lands, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Great in the County of Suffolk.

41. An Act for dividing, allotting and laying in Severalty, the

Open and Common Arable Lands, Common Meadow, Common Pasture, Common Down, Waste and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Township or Hamlet of Up Lambourne, in the Parish of Chipping, in the County of Berks.

42. An Act for dividing, allotting and laying in Severalty the Open and Common Arable Lands, and for dividing, allotting and laying in Severalty, and inclosing, the Open and Common Meadow, Common Pasture, Waste and other Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Parish of Harwell, in the County of Berks,

43. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing certain Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Christchurch and Parish or Chapelry of, in the County of Southampton.

44. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Common Field, Wastes and other Commonable Lands in the Township or Flamlet of Everton, within the Parish of Everton cum Tetworth, in the Counties of Bedford, Huntingdon and Cambridge, some or one of them, and for extinguishing all the Tythes arising within the Township or Hamlet of Everton aforesaid.

45. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the several Commons, Moors and Waste Grounds, within the Division or Ham-Jets of Cleckheaton and Scholes, in the Manor and Township of

[Private) 42° GEO. III.

ClecJcheaton, in the Parish of Birs, in the West Riding of the County of York.

46. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands lying within the Manor or Manors of Nuneaton and Stocking ford, in the Parish of Nuneaton, in the County of

Warwick, and also a certain Stinted Pasture in Nuneaton aforesaid, called The Cottiers otherwise Cottagers Piece.

47. An Act to enable the Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Merthyr Tydvil, in the County of Glamorgan, for the Time being, to grant Leases of the Glebe belonging to the said Rectory.

48. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Common Arable Field, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish and Manor of West Horsley, in the County of

49. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and

Common Fields, Common Meadow, Common Down, and other Open and Common Lands and Waste Ground, within the Manor of Manningford otherwise Manningford in the

Parish of Wilsford, in the County of Wilts.

50. An Act for naturalizing James Du Mont.

51. An Act for confirming a Feu Contract made between Oliver Colt Esquire, as Tutor of Law to John Hamilton Colt his Nephew, an Infant, and David Musket, of certain Parts of the Lands of Eastern and Western GarturJc, situate in the County of Lanark, in North Britain.

52. An Act for confirming the Sale and Conveyance to Feilden Esquire, of certain Estates in the County of Chester, devised by the Will of Thomas Hunt Esquire, deceased, and for substituting and settling in lieu thereof certain Estates of Anna Maria Hunt, in the County of Cornwall; and for vesting the Purchase Money for the said Estates in the County of Chester in the said Anna Maria Hunt, in Consideration of such Substitution and Settlement of the said Estates in the County of Cornwall.

53. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of William Parker Hamond Esquire, in the County of Cambridge, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments to be settled in lieu thereof to the like Uses.

54. An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Richard Chapman Gentleman, and Ann his Wife, in the County of Somerset, in Trustees, to be exchanged for an unsettled Estate in the same County.

55. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Fenstanton, in the County of Huntingdon.

56. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Rolleston, in the County of Stafford.

57. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Commons Fens, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Halvergate, in the County of Norfolk.

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

58. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of What cote, in the County of Warwick.

59. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Commons and

Waste Grounds within the Township of Oldham, in the Parish of Prestioich cum Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

60. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Warren and Waste Lands within the Hamlet of Saliley and Washwood, in the Parish of Aston, near Birmingham, in the County of Warwick.

61. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and-

Common Fields, Commons, Waste and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Liberties and Precincts of erf or d, in

the Parish of Siverford, in the County of Oxford.

62. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the several Commons, Waste Grounds and Open Common Lands, within the Lordship or Liberty of Swinscoe, in the Parish of Bloor, in the County of Stafford.

63. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Lands, Commons, Marsh Grounds and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Denton, in the County of Huntingdon.

64. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Fields and Commonable Lands within the Parishes of and

Marion, in the County of Warwick.

65. An Act for dividing and allotting the Common Fields, Common Meadows, Wastes and other Commonable Lands, in the Parish of Cardington, in the County of Bedford.

66. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Fields,

Ings, Meadows, Pastures, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Ellerton, in the Parish of ion, in the East Riding of the County of York.

67. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Arable

Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Township or Liberty of in the Parish of

Blyth, and the Township and Parish of Scrooby, in the County of Nottingham.

68. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the several Open Fields, Meadows, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manors of Worthington and Breedonon the Hill, and Township of Newbold, all in the Parish of Breedon on the in the County of Leicester.

69. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing a certain Common or Waste Ground, called SinfinMoor, and certain Common Meadows thereto adjoining, all in the County of Derby.

70. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Waste Grounds, Open Fields and Meadows, and Commonable and intermixed Lands, within that Part of the Parish of Churcham which lies within the Manor of Churcham, in the County of Gloucester.

71. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Wastes and other Commonable

(Private) 42° GEO. III.

Lands, in the Parish of in the County of Hertford, and for extinguishing all the Tythes arising within the said Parish.

72. An Act for naturalizing James Emanuel Francis

73. An Act for naturalizing John Benjamin Jain.

74. An Act for vesting the Estates late of James

Esquire, deceased, in the county of , and devised by

his Will in Trustees to be sold, and for applying Part of the Monies arising from the Sale thereof in Discharge of Incumbrances, and for laying out the Residue in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

75. An Act for vesting the Lands and Estates of Saltcoats, Kingston, Williamston, Barncluth, Udston, Bell field and

Syde, and Superiority thereof, and Lands of Dechmont, and others, Teinds and Pertinents thereof, comprized in the Deed of Entail executed by the deceased Alexander Hamilton of caitlcind Esquire, upon the Thirty first Day of January One thousand seven hundred and forty seven, in Trustees, in Trust to sell the same, and invest the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled and secured to the same Series of Heirs, and under the same Conditions and Limitations as are contained in the aforesaid Deed of Entail.

76. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing that Part of j Effingham Upper Common which lies in the Manor of Effingham East Court, in the Parish of Effingham, in the County of Surrey.

77. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Tharston, in the County of Norfolk.

78. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons and Waste Grounds, and all other the Open and Uninclosed Lands and Grounds within the Townships of Styrnip, Oldcoats and Farxvorth, and so much of Norney as is within the Liberty of Styrrup aforesaid, in the

Parishes of Blyth and Harworth, or one of them, in the County of Nottingham.

79. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor, Parish and Liberties of Daventry, in the County of Northampton.

80. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the Parish of

ley, in the County of Cambridge.

81. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste Grounds, Downs and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Spelsbury, in the County of Oxford.

82. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Open and Common Downs, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Ground within the Manor and Parish of Uphaven, in the County of Wilts.

83. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Wastes

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

and other Commonable Lands and Grounds in the Parish of

Moulsoe, in the County of Bucking

81. An Act for dividing, allotting and laying in Severalty certain Open Commonable Fields, Downs, Meadows and Waste Lands within the Parish of Coombe Bisset otherwise in the County of Wilts.

85. An Act for dividing, allotting and laying in Severalty certain

Open Commonable Fields, Downs, Meadows and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of West Grinstead and White, in the County of Wilts.

86. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Arable

Fields, Meadows, Pastures and Commons within the Township of Withernvoick, in the Parish of Withernvoiclc, in the East Riding of the County of York.

87. An Act for naturalizing Alexandre de commonly called Compte de Vandes.

88. An Act for authorizing Leases to be made of such of the settled Estates of the late Most Honourable Arthur Marquis of

Downshire, deceased, as are situate in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland.

89. An Act for effectuating an Exchange between the Right Honourable Heneage Earl of Ay and the Dean and Chapter of Worcester.

90. An Act for enabling the Right Honourable Henry Lord grave to charge his settled Estates with a Jointure, in Consideration of the Improvements made by him, and also for enabling him to charge the same Estates with Portions for younger Children when he shall have made further Improvements, and for other Purposes.

91. An Act for vesting in Oliver Delaney Esquire, Barrack Master General, a Wharf and certain other Hereditaments near

Maidstone, in the County of Kenlate the Estates of Ann Maynard and Mary Maynard, both deceased.

92. An Act to enable Sir Charles Morgan Baronet, and Charles

Morgan Esquire, to grant Leases of certain Estates in the County of Monmouth, devised by the Will of the late John Morgan Esquire; and to enable the said Charles, under

the Direction of the Court of Chancery, to charge the Estates of which he is Tenant for Life in Possession under the said Will, with the Amount of the Monies laid out by him in building Wharfs, and in other Improvements.

98. An Act to establish and confirm an Exchange made by and between the Honourable Ann, Lady of the Manor of

Gilling East, in the County of York, Spinster, (since deceased,) and the Rector of the Parish Church of Gilling East aforesaid, with the Consent and Approbation of His Grace the Archbishop of York, of certain Tythes, Cattlegates, Customary Payments, and other Rights belonging to the said Rector, in Right of the said Church, for certain Parcels of Demesne Lands which belonged to the said Ann Fairfax, as Lady of the said Manor.

94?. An Act for vesting the Manor of, and several Mes-

suages and Hereditaments in the Parish of Northill, in the County of Bedford, Part of the settled Estates of John Robinson Esquire, in Trustees, upon Trust to sell, and for laying out the

(Private) 42° GEO. III.

Monies in the Purchase of more convenient Estates in the County of Suffolk.

95. An Act for enabling the Guardian of Henrietta

Philips Spinster, an Infant, to sell and convey in Fee Farm her undivided Fourth Part, or join with the Owners of the other Shares in selling and conveying in Fee Farm the Intirety of several Plots or Parcels of Land in, in the County of

Lancaster, under yearly reserved Rents, for the Purpose of building upon.

96. An Act for enabling the Trustees therein named to lay out

the Money arising from the Sale of a Moiety of certain Estates in the Counties of Norfolk and which was settled on the

Marriage of Robert Dundas Esquire, and Ann his Wife, in the Purchase of Hereditaments situate in, in the Manner and upon the Trusts in the said Act mentioned.

97. An Act for effecting the Sale or Exchange of Estates in the County of Norfolk, late of John Earl of, de-

ceased, and for laying out the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates, and for felling Timber on the settled Estates late of the said Earl in the same County, and laying out the Monies thence arising in planting certain Parts thereof.

98. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Half Year

Meadow Land, Common Pastures, Heath and Waste Lands in the Townships of Kelby, Aisby and, and in the Parish of

Haydor, in the County of Lincoln.

99. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures and other Commonable and Waste Lands in the Manor and Hamlet of West Challow, in the Parish of Letcombe Regis, in the County of Berks.

100. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons and Waste Grounds within or belonging to the Parishes or Townships of Alvaston and Boulton, in the County of Derby.

101. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Fen, Wastes and other Commonable Lands within the Parish of Thurlby, in the County of Lincoln.

102. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Arable

Fields, Meadow and Pasture Grounds, within the Township and Parish of Keyinghamin Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of Yorkyand for making Compensation for the Tythes thereof, and also for the Tythes of certain ancient inclosed Lands within the said Township and Parish.

103. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Meadows and Waste Grounds within or belonging to the Parish of Chellaston, in the County of Derby.

104. An Act for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty and inclosing the Open and Common Arable Lands, Common Meadow, Common Pasture, Waste and other Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Township of in the Parishes of

Sunningivelland Radley, in the County of

105. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Commons and Waste Lands, and all

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

other Open and Uninclosed Grounds within the Lordship and Parish of Walkeringham, in the County of Nottingham.

106. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing sundry Tracts

or Parcels of Whole Year Land, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Warren, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of Norfolk.

107. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Common or Waste situate in the Manor of N, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

108. An Act for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Saint Giles, in the Town of, in the County of Cambridge.

109. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows and other Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Parish of jotherwise Dint on, in the County of Buckingham.

110. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Commons,

Fields and Common Meadows in the Parish of, in

the County of Her ford.

111. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing certain Open

Common Fields, Ing Lands, Carr Lands, Wastes and Commonable Places, within the Township of and within the respective Hamlets or Districts of East and

Flotmanby, in the Parish of Fo, in the East Riding of the County of York.

112. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the Parish of -nington, in the County of Northampton.

113. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Commons

and Waste Grounds within the Township of in the

Parish of Llanynys, in the County of Denbigh.

114. An Act for naturalizing Gabriel Dennis Ferry.

115. An Act for naturalizing John Abraham Droop.

116. An Act for naturalizing John

117. An Act for authorizing the leasing of Mines within the Lands belonging to the perpetual Curacy of Bilston in the County of Stafford, and for authorizing Exchanges to be made of Part of the said Lands under the Direction of the Court of Chancery.

118. An Act for dividing, allotting, laying in Severalty and inclosing the Open and Commonable Lands, Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures and

within the Township of Crofton, in the West Riding of the County of York.

119. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of George Bonham Esquire, with Paulina Lushington his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

120. An Act for enabling the Reverend William Loggin to take and use the Surname and Arms of Cole, pursuant to the Will of his Uncle Edward Cole Esquire, deceased.

THE

STATUTES AT LARGE.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Britanniarum Regis, Quadragesimo Primo.

The Last Session of the Parliament of Great Britain, and the First Session of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, having both occurred in the 41st Year of the King’s the Sessions are thus distinguished in the Notes to the Acts in this Volume— 4T G.3. (G.B.):41 G. 3.

AT the Parliament begun and holden, the Twenty second Day of January, Anno Domini One thousand eight hundred and one, in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of our

Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith; being the First Session of the First Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland

CAP. I.

An Act to suspend, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, so much of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to prevent, until the sixth Day of November one thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the End of six Weeks from the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, the manufacturing of any Fine Flour from Wheat or other Grain, and the making of any Bread solely from the Fine Flour of Wheat; and to repeal an Act passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for permitting Bakers to make and sell certain Sorts of Bread, and to make more effectual Provision for the same; as relates to other Grain than Wheat; and for indemnifying Persons who may have dressed, sold, or used any Meal or Flour of such other Grain finer than is prescribed by the said Act.

[9th February 1801.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the last Session of Parliament,

[41 G. 3. (G.B.) c.

intituled An Act to prevent until the Sixth Day c* *6.

November One thousand eight hundred and, and from thence to the End of Six Weeks from the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, the Manufacturing of any Fine Flour from Wheat or other Grain, and the making of any Bread solely from the Fine Flour of Wheat; and, \ to repeal an Act passed in the Thirty-sixth

2

C. 1, 2.

A.D. 1801.

So much of the recited Act as relates to the dressing or tiling &c. of Flour the Produce of any Sort of Grain, other than Wheat, suspended till March 2,5, 1801.

Persons who have dressed or used, &c. Flour of any Sort of Grain other than Wheat of a finer Description than prescribed by the recited Act, indemnified.

41 G.3. (G. B.) c. 16, recited,

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

Year of the Reign of His present for permitting Bakers to make and sell certain sorts of Bread, and to make more -

‘ vfion for the same (rz): And Whereas it is expedient that so much of the said Act as relates to the drelling, felling or using Meal and Flour of all Sorts of Grain, other than Wheat, should be suspended for a limited Time; and that all Millers and other Persons who shall have dressed, fold or used any Meal or Flour of any such other Sort of Grain of a finer Description than is prescribed or allowed by the said Act, should be indemnified Be it therefore enacted, by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Act as relates to the drelling, felling or using of any Meal or Flour the Produce of any Sort of Grain other than Wheat, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be and the fame is hereby suspended until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and one.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Millers and other Persons who have dressed, fold or used any Meal or Flour of any Sort of Grain other than Wheat, of a finer Description than prescribed or allowed by the said Act, shall be and are hereby indemnified, and are hereby declared to be freed and discharged of and from all Suits, Informations, Prosecutions, Judgments, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, commenced, prosecuted, adjudged or incurred, or which may be commenced, prosecuted, adjudged or incurred, by or by reason of any Offence alleged to have been committed against the said recited Act, so far as the fame in any way relates to the drelling, felling or using any Meal or Flour the Produce of any Grain other than Wheat, of a finer Description than is by the said Act prescribed or allowed; any thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

[ ( a) Repealed cap. 2. post.]

CAP. II.

An Act to repeal an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to prevent, until the sixth Day of November one thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the End of six Weeks from the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, the manufacturing of any Fine Flour from Wheat or other Grain, and the making of any Bread solely from the Fine Flour of Wheat; and to repeal an Act passed in the thirty sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty for permitting Bakers to malt and sell certain Sorts of Bread, and to make more effectual Provision for the same; and to indemnify Millers and other Persons who have dressed, sold, or used any Meal or Flour of a finer Description than allowed by the said Act.

[24th February 1801.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to until the Sixth Day of

November One thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the End of Six Weeks from the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, the manufacturin of any Fine Flour from Wheat or other Grain, and the making of any Bread solely from the

Fine

A.D. 1801.

3

41° GEO. III. (U.K.) 2—5.

Fine Flour of Wheat sand to repeal an Ain the Thirty

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty* for permitting Bakers to make and sell certain forts of Bread, and to make more effectual Provision for the fame: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Act should be repealed, and that all Millers and other Persons who shall have dressed, fold or used any Meal or Flour of a finer Description than is prescribed or allowed by the said Act should be in-

demnified Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act and repealed, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be and the fame is

hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Millers and other Persons Persons who who, since the Twelfth Day of February One thousand eight hun- have dressed or dred and one, shall have dressed, fold or used any Meal or Flour of used> since a finer Description than prescribed or allowed by the said Act, or \^finer

who shall have used any Machine or Cloth of a finer Sort than is therein x>escription than described, shall be and are hereby indemnified, and are hereby de- prescribed by dared to be freed and discharged of and from all Suits, Informations, the recited Act, Prosecutions, Judgments, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, com- indemnified, menced, prosecuted, adjudged or incurred, or which may be commenced, prosecuted, adjudged or incurred by or by Reason thereof; any thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

[ See cap. I. ante.~]

CAP. III.

An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty eight Millions by way of Annuities.

[12th March 1801.]

[For Appropriation of the Monies granted by this, fee cap. 84.

§ 2i.pof.2

CAP. IV.

An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and one.

[12th March 1801.]

EXP.

EXP.

CAP. V.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Captain Sir Sidney Smith, in Consideration of the eminent Services which he has rendered during his Command on the Coast of Egypt.

[24th March 1801.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS Your Majesty, by Your most Gracious Message to your faithful Commons, hath been pleased to signify Your Desire of conferring a signal Mark of Your Favour and Approbation on Captain Sir Sidney Smithy in consequence of the eminent Services which he has rendered, and the Valour and Ability which he has displayed during the whole Period of tile

4

C. 5.

A.D. 1803.

His Majesty may grant to Sir Sidney Smith for Life an Annuity of xoocl. to commence May 21, 1799; payable in manner herein mentioned, out of the Consolidated Fund.

Annuity to be paid at the Exchequer, without Fees,

and not subject to any Tax.

41° GEO. III.

important Operations with the Conduct of which he has been entrusted on the Coast of Egypt, and particularly in the gallant and

heroic Defence of the Fortress of, and that, for that Purpose an Annuity of One thousand Pounds Should be granted to the said i Sir Sidney Smith, during the Term of his natural Life, to be paid out of the Consolidated FundNow we, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, duly considering Your Majesty's most Gracious Intention, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for The King’s Most Excellent Majesty to give and grant unto the said Sir Sidney Smith an Annuity not exceeding One thousand Pounds, clear of all Deductions whatsoever, for and during the Life of the said Sir Sidney Smith, and which may commence and take Effect from the Twenty first Day of May One thousand seven hundred and ninety nine; the First Payment to be computed from the said Twenty first Day of May One thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, until the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and one, and from thenceforth shall be paid Quarterly at the Four usual Days of Payment in the Year; that is to say, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of, the Tenth Day of

October, and the Fifth Day of Januain every Year and that the said Annuity shall and may be issuing and payable out of and charged and chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund of Great, after

paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sum and Sums of Money as hath or have been directed to be paid out of the same, by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, but with preference to all other Payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon and payable out of the said Fund.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Annuity of One thousand Pounds shall, during the Life of the said Sir Sidney, be paid and payable at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer out of the said Fund; and the Auditor of the said Receipt shall, and he is hereby required to make forth and pass Debentures, from time to time for paying the said Annuity, as the same shall become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame, or any Part thereof, and the Acquittance or Acquittances, Receipt or Receipts of the said Sir Sidney, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for the Payment thereof; and the said Debentures to be made forth and passed shall be a sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the time being, for the Payment of the said Annuity to the said Sir Sidney, during the Continuance of the same, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that Behalf.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Annuity or yearly Sum of One thousand Pounds, so to be granted to the said Sir Sidney Smith, shall not be charged with the Payment of or be subject to any Tax, Rate or Assessment, imposed or to be imposed by Authority of Parliament, or otherwise howsoever, nor to any other Charges whatsoever; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

A.D. 1801. 41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

C. 6.

5

CAP. VI.

An Act for increasing the Number of Field Officers of the several Regiments of Militia in Ireland.

[24th March 1801.]

[Repealed 49 G. 3. c. 120. $ 1.]

CAP. VII.

An Act for repealing the Rates and Duties of Postage in Great Britain, and granting other Rates and Duties in lieu thereof, and on Letters conveyed to or from any Part of the United Kingdom from or to any Place out of the said Kingdom, and by Packet Boats from or to the Ports of Holyhead and Milford Haven.

[24th March 1801.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, being desirous of raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's Publick Expences, and of making a permanent Addition to the Publick Revenue;

and

thinking it expedient that the Rates of Postage established by an Act made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty 9 Anne, c. 10.

Queen Anne, and by Four several Acts of the Fifth, Twenty

fourth. Thirty fourth and Thirty seventh Years of Your Majesty's Reign, should be repealed, and that other Rates of Postage should be granted; have therefore freely and voluntarily resolved to give

and grant unto Your Majesty the Rates and Duties herein after mentioned and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by-and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Rates Rates of Postage of Postage established within Great Britain by an Act, made in the established by Ninth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen, intituled, 9 Anne, c. 10. An Act for efabli/loing a General Post Office for all Her Dominions, and for settling a weekly Sum out of the Revenues thereof for the Service of the War, and other Her Majesty's and

by another Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present 5 G. 3. c. 25. Majesty, intituled An Act to alter certain Rates of Postage; and to amend, explain and enlarge several Provisions an Act made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in other Acts relating to the Revenue of the Post Office; and by another Act, made in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, 24 G. 3. ft. 2. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Rates of Postage c‘ 37-for Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Post within the Kingdom of Great Britain; for preventing Frauds in the, carried on by the Conveyance of certain Goods in Letters and Packets; and for further preventing Frauds and Abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets free from Postage; and by another Act, made in tfie Thirty seventh Year of the Reigaof His present Majesty, intituled, 37 G.3. c. 18.; An Act for altering certain Rates of P of age for Conveyance of -ters in England and Scotland respectively, and of Packets to and from Great Britain from and to Portugal and the British Colonies in America

6

C. 7-

A.D. 1801.

and Rate of One Penny for conveying Letters by fenny Post, under 34 G. 3. c. 17. to cease from April 5, 1801.

From April 5, 1801, the following Rates to be paid.

Rates by the General Poll.

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

rica respe&lvely; and for setting apartat the Receipt of the Exchequer

for a certain Period, out of the Revenues of the Post Office^ the annual Sum of Forty thousand Pounds,towards defraying the Charge

Gccafioned by any Loan raised or Stock, by any Act or A Els passed in the Thirty ffth Year of the Reign of His present

and also the Rate or Sum of One Penny established for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Carriage called The Penny Post from any Place to any other Place, being respectively within the Cities of London and Westminster> the Borough of, and the respective Suburbs thereof, and of Letters put into the Penny Pod Office to be forwarded by the General Post, by an Act made in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the Portage and Conveyance of Letters by the Carriage called The Penny Post, shall, from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and one, cease and determine, save and except in all Cases relating to the demanding, recovering, receiving, paying or accounting for any Arrears thereof respectively,' which may, on the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and one, remain unpaid, or any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture respecting the fame, which shall have been incurred at any time before the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and one.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and one, it shall be lawful for His Majesty's Postmaster General, and his Deputy and Deputies by him thereunto Efficiently authorized, to and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to demand, have, receive and take for the Port and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets which he shall convey, carry or fend Post within Great, according to the several Rates and Sums herein after mentioned, the fame being rated by the Letter or by the Ounce; (that is to say,)

For the Port and Conveyance of Letters by the General Post, not exceeding Fifteen measured Miles within Great, for every

single Letter Three pence; for every double Letter Sixpence; for every treble Letter, or other Letter under an Ounce in Weight, Nine pence; and for every Ounce in Weight, and for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight, One Shilling; and so in Proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce:

For the Port and Conveyance of Letters by the Post above Fifteen measured Miles, and not exceeding Thirty Miles, within Great Britain, for every single Letter Four pence; for every double Letter Eight pence; for every treble Letter, or other Letter under an Ounce in Weight, One Shilling; and for every Ounce in Weight, and for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight, One Shilling and Four pence; and so in Proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce

For the Port and Conveyance of Letters by the Post above Thirty measured Miles, and not exceeding Fifty Miles, within Great

for every single Letter Five pence; for every double Letter Ten pence; for every treble Letter, or other Letter under an Ounce in Weight, One Shilling and Three pence $ and for every Ounce in Weight, and for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight,

7

A.D. 1801. 41° GEO. III.

One Shilling and Eight pence; and so in Proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce

For the Port and Conveyance of Letters by the Poll above Fifty measured Miles, and not exceeding Eighty Miles, within Great Britain, for every single Letter Sixpence; for every double Letter One Shilling; for every treble Letter, or other Letter under an Ounce in Weight, One Shilling and Sixpence; and for every Ounce in Weight, and for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight, Two Shillings and Sixpence; and so in Proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce

For the Port and Conveyance of Letters by the Poll above Eighty measured Miles, and not exceeding One hundred and twenty Miles, within Great Britain, for every single Letter Seven pence; for every double Letter One Shilling and Two pence; for every treble Letter, or other Letter under an Ounce in Weight, One Shilling and Nine pence; and for every Ounce in Weight, and for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight, Two Shillings and Four pence; and so in Proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce

For the Port and Conveyance of Letters by the Poll above One hundred and twenty measured Miles, and not exceeding One hundred and seventy Miles, within Great, for every single Letter

Eight pence; for every double Letter One Shilling and Four pence; for every treble Letter, or other Letter under air Ounce in Weight, Two Shillings; and for every Ounce in Weight, and for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight, Two Shillings and Eight pence; and so in Proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce

For the Port and Conveyance of Letters by the Poll above One hundred and seventy measured Miles, and not exceeding Two hundred and thirty Miles, within Great, for every single Letter

Nine pence; for every double Letter One Shilling and Sixpence; for every treble Letter, or other Letter under an Ounce in Weight, Two Shillings and Three pence; and for every Ounce in Weight, and for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight, Three Shillings; and so in Proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce

For the port and Conveyance of Letters by the Poll above Two hundred and thirty measured Miles, and not exceeding Three hundred Miles, within Great Brita, for every single Letter Ten pence; for every double Letter One Shilling and Eight pence; for every treble Letter, or other Letter under an Ounce in Weight, Two Shillings and Sixpence; and for every Ounce in Weight, and for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight, Three Shillings and Four pence; and so in Proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce

For the Port and Conveyance of every single Letter by the Poll, for every Distance of One hundred measured Miles above Three hundred Miles which such Letter shall be so carried or conveyed within Great Britain, a further Sum of One Penny; for every double Letter, a like further Sum of Two pence; for every Treble Letter, or other Letter under an Ounce in Weight, a like further Sum of Three pence; and for every Ounce in Weight, and for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight, a like further Sum of Four

s

Rates on Foreign Letters.

Rates by the Penny Post.

Merchants* Accounts, &c. rated as Letters.

Postmaster General may

C. 7. -il» GEO. III. A.D. 1801.

pence; and so in Proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce

And where such Distance above Three hundred measured Miles shall not amount to One hundred Miles, the like further Sum for every single Letter One Penny; for every double Letter, the like further Sum of Two pence; for every treble Letter, or other Letter under an Ounce in Weight, the like further Sum of Three pence; for every Ounce in Weight, and for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight, the like further Sum of Four pence; and so in Proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce

And where the Distance above Three hundred measured Miles shall exceed One hundred Miles, and so progressively for any like Excess of Distance of One hundred Miles, the like further Sum for every single Letter One Penny; for every double Letter, the like further Sum of Two pence; for every treble Letter, or other Letter under an Ounce in Weight, the like further Sum of Three pence; for every Ounce in Weight, and for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight, the like further Sum of Four pence; and so in Proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce: [. Additional Rates, 45 3. 11.]

For the Port and Conveyance of Letters by the Post to or from any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and from

or to any Places out of the said Kingdom not within His MajestyV Dominions, in Addition to all other Rates now payable, for every single Letter Four pence; for every double Letter Eight pence; for every treble Letter, or other Letter under an Ounce in Weight, One Shilling; and for every Ounce in Weight, and for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight, One Shilling and Four pence; and so in Proportion for every other Letter or Packet of greater Weight than an Ounce.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty's Postmaster-General, and his Deputy and Deputies, Officer and Officers, to demand, have, receive, and take for the Conveyance of every Letter originally sent by the Post heretofore known by the Name of The Penny Post, (and not first passing by the General Post), the Postage whereof shall not be paid on putting the same into the Office of the said Post, the several Rates or Sums of Money herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,) for the Conveyance of every Letter sent by the said Post from any Place within the Cities of London and Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, and the respective Suburbs thereof to any other Place within the same Cities and Borough and the Suburbs thereof, the Sum of Two-pence; for the Conveyance of every Letter put into such last-mentioned Post Office to be forwarded by the General Post, the Sum of Two-pence.

tional Rates, 45 G. 3. c. 11. § 1.]

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and one, all Merchants' Accounts, Bills of Exchange, Invoices, and Bills of Lading whatever, shall be rated, taxed, and paid for, as so many several Letters, or by the Ounce, according to the respective Rates by this Act made payable on Letters and Packets conveyed by the General Post.

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful to and for His Majesty's Postmaster

General,

A.D. 1801.

9

41° GEO. III. (U.K.) C. 7.

General, in his Discretion, to undertake, at the Expence of the Revenue of the Post Office, the Conveyance and Delivery of Letters directed to Persons abiding in Towns, Villages and Places (not being Post Towns) from the respective Post Towns to which such Letters shall be carried by the Post in the usual manner; and also the Colletftion and Conveyance of Letters in and from such Towns, Villages and Places, in order to be sent by the Post; and to take such Sum and Sums of Money for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for such respective extra Service to be performed, as shall and may from time to time be mutually agreed upon by and between the Postmaster General and the Inhabitants respectively.

[£^46 G. 3. 92. § 2.]

VI. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to hinder or prevent the Inhabitants of any such Towns, Villages and Places respectively, from carrying or recarrying, or employing any Messenger, Servant or other Person to carry or recarry, any Letters or Packets to or from the Post Town in such manner as they have heretofore been accustomed and are by Law authorized; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Monies to arise and be received for such extra Services as aforesaid shall, after paying the Expences incurred, be applied in such manner as the present Rates of Postage are by Law applicable.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful to and for His Majesty's Postmaster General, in his Discretion, to enter into any Agreement or Agreements with, or to take Security from any Person or Persons applying to him for that Purpose, for indemnifying His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in Whole or in Part, and for such time as the Postmaster General may think necessary, against the Expences which shall or may be incurred beyond the Rates of Postage, by extending the Conveyance of Letters by Post to or from any Places where such Conveyance shall be extended at the Request of such Person or Persons, and it shall appear doubtful to the said Postmaster whether by extending the said Conveyance an additional Expence to the Revenue may not be incurred.

IX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and one, it shall be lawful to and for His Majesty's Postmaster-General, and his Deputy and Deputies, by him thereunto sufficiently authorized, to and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to demand, have, receive, and take for the Port and Conveyance of all and every the Letters and Packets, that shall be carried or conveyed by Packet Boats from or to the Ports of Holyhead or Milford Haven, to or from any Ports in Ireland, over and above all the Rates payable for such Letters or Packets, a Packet Postage, according to the Rates or Sums herein after mentioned; that is to say, for every single Letter Two-pence; for every double Letter Four-pence; for every treble Letter, or other Letter less than an Ounce in Weight, Sixpence; and for every Ounce in Weight, and for every Packet not exceeding an Ounce in Weight, Eight-pence; and so in Proportion for every Letter or Packet exceeding an Ounce in Weight.

undertake the Conveyance of Letters to and from Places not being: Post Towns, for such Sums for extra Service as may be agreed upon.

Inhabitants of such Places may act as heretofore.

Monies from extra Services how applied.

Postmaster General may agree with any Person for indemnifying His Majesty against Expences herein mentioned.

Rates of Packet Postage from or to Holyhead or Milford Haven, to or from any Ports in Ireland,

10

C. 7.

A.D. 1801.

Proviso for Rates of Postage upon single Letters sent by or to Seamen, &c. by 35 G. 3. c. S3- i

and for manner of charging for Patterns of Cloth, Sec under

that Act.

Powers of Acts relating to Poll Office, not repealed or altered, extended to this Act.

Rates to be paid to the Receiver General of the Poll Office, who shall pay the Money into the Exchequer, to be carried to the Conl'olidated Fund.

41° GEO. III.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall increase or alter, or be construed to increase or alter, the Amount or Manner of charging the Rates of Postage upon single Letters to be sent by the Post, by or to Seamen or Privates employed in His Majesty's Navy, Army, Militia, Fencible Regiments, Artillery, or Marines, upon their own private Concerns only, whilst such Seamen and Privates shall be employed in the Publick Service as aforesaid, made payable by an Act passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for further regulating the sending and receiving Letters free from the Duty of Postage; for allowing Non-commissioned Officers, Seamen, and Private Men, in the Navy and Army, whilst on Service, to send and receive Letters at a low Rate of Postage; and for permitting Patterns and Samples of Goods to be transmitted by the Post at an easier Rate than is now allowed by Law; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall increase or alter, or be construed to increase or alter, the Amount or Manner of charging the Rate of Postage upon Letters, Packets, or Covers, containing Patterns of Cloth, Silk, Stuff, or other Goods, or Samples of other Sort of Things, not exceeding One Ounce in Weight, made payable by the said last mentioned Act passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and one, all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Disabilities, Penalties, and Methods, for the Recovery of the same, and all other Matters and Things in force at the Time of passing this Act, and contained in the said Act made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Her said late Majesty Queen Anne, or in any other of the before-mentioned Acts of Parliament, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, so far as the same relate to the Post Office (and not repealed or altered by this Act), shall continue in force, and shall be applied and extended, and shall be construed to apply and extend, to this present Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates and Duties herein-before granted, together with such other Rates and Duties of the Revenue of the Poll Office as shall be by Law payable and received after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and one, shall be paid from time to time into the Hands of the Receiver General for the time being of the Revenue of the Poll Office, who shall pay the fame (the necessary Charges for collecting, paying and accounting for the fame being first deducted) into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer on such Days and times, and in such manner, as the Rates and Duties hereby repealed were by any Law in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act directed to be paid; and the said Money so to be paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

A.D. 1801.

11

41° GEO. III. (UK.) C

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That out of the Monies arising by the said Rates and Duties hereby imposed, and such other Rates and Duties of the Revenue of the Poll Office as shall be by Daw payable after the said Fifth Day of after

setting apart quarterly the several Sums of One hundred and two thousand six hundred and thirty nine Pounds, and of Ten thousand Pounds, in the manner and for the Purposes directed by the said ft passed in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the further Sum of Forty nine thousand six hundred and two Pounds, being One Fourth Part of the annual average Produce for Three Years, ending on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred, of the Remainder of the Rates and Duties granted by the said last mentioned Act, and directed thereby to be set apart, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall, according to the said last mentioned Act, be set apart as an Addition made to the Public Revenue for the Purposes therein mentioned; and after setting apart the several Sums above mentioned, or so much as shall be sufficient, the Remainder of the said Revenue shall, during the period of Ten Years after the passing of this Act, be entered in the Books in the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenue; and that the said Remainder of the said Rates to be set apart, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue, for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made, or Stock created or to be created, for the Service of Great Britain, by virtue of any Act or Acts passed or to be passed in this Session of Parliament; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of Ten Years, a Book or Books, in which the said Remainder of the said Revenue shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Duties granted or to be granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatever.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any time or times, be sued, molested or prosecuted for any thing by him, her or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, matter, or thing herein contained, such Person and Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the special matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if, upon the Trial, a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him, her or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

[See42 G.3. c.ioi. amended 46 3. 92. and the Powers,

£ffc. of ^6 G.3. c. 92. extended to 55 G.3. c. 153. See §. of that A3.~\

Application of Revenue of Port Office after April 5, 1801.

Persons sued may plead the General Issue.

Treble Costs.

Act may be altered or repealed this Session.

12

C. 8.

41° GEO. III. (

A.D. 1801.

Duties paid and Drawbacks allowed as in Schedules A, B, C, and D, as also all special Allowances.

Duties to be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs and Excise in England and Scotland respectively.

Duties and Drawbacks (except where altered by this Act) shall be managed as the like Duties and

CAP. VIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard and Scaleboard, made in or imported into Great Britain; and on Tea imported into and fold in Great Britain.

[24th March 1801.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

6 WJ^r your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland

in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's Public Expences, and making a permanent

Addition to the Public Revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several new and 6 additional Rates and Duties of Customs and Excise herein respectively mentioned ;* and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, to and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon the several Goods, Wares, Merchandizes and Commodities, mentioned and described in the Schedules respectively marked A and B hereunto annexed, the several Sums of Money, and Duties of Customs and Excise, as they are respectively inferred, described and set forth in the said Schedules; and that there shall be made, allowed and paid, for or in respect of Goods, Wares, Merchandizes and Commodities, for or in respect whereof any Duty of Excise is by this Act imposed, to the several Persons entitled to the same, the several Drawbacks of Excise, as the same are also respectively inserted, described and set forth in the Schedules respectively marked C and D hereunto annexed, and also all such special Allowances as are particularly directed by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Duties of Customs by this Act imposed as shall arise or become due in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise and become due in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland for the time being and that such of the Excise Duties by this Act imposed as shall arise or become due in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise or become due in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the time being.

III. And be it further enacted, That the several Sums of Money respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the said several Schedules to this Act annexed, marked A and B respectively, as the Duties of Customs and Excise respectively granted by this Act; and the Drawbacks of the Duties of Excise set forth in the said Schedules respectively, marked C and D, upon the several

Goods,

A.D. 1801.

13

41° GEO. III. (U.KC. 8.

Wares, Merchandizes or Commodities inserted in those Sche- Drawbacks dules respectively, shall (except where any Alteration is expressly made mi|ht 1)6 u.ntler by this Act) be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, reco- *^e

vered, answered and paid, adjudged, mitigated and allowed, in such and Goods shall be the like manner, and in or by any or either of the means, ways or under like methods respectively, by which the respective Duties of Customs and Regulations. Excise, and Drawbacks of Duties of Excise, upon Goods, Wares,

Merchandizes or Commodities of the same Sorts or Kinds respectively, were or might be raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated and allowed by any Act or Acts now in force relating to the Duties of Customs and Excise respectively; and that all the Goods, Wares, Merchandizes or Commodities so by this Act respectively made liable to the Payment of or chargeable with Duties of Customs or Excise respectively, or so entitled to Drawbacks of Duties of Excise, as respectively inserted, described and set forth in the said Schedules hereunto annexed, shall be, and the same are hereby made subject and liable (except where any Alter- Exception, ation is expressly made by this Act) to all and every the Conditions,

Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions and Forfeitures respectively, to which Goods, Wares or Merchandize in general, and also all and every the special Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Forfeitures respectively, to which the like Goods, Wares or Merchandizes respectively, were subject and liable, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act, respecting the Duties of Customs and Excise respectively; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture, of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, as well Pains of Death as others, for any Offence whatsoever, committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at and immediately before the Commencement of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Customs or Excise respectively, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof; and the several Powers, Directions, Clauses, matters and things therein contained, (unless where expressly altered by this Act,) shall, and the same are hereby respectively directed and declared to extend to, and the fame respectively shall be applied, practised and put in Execution, for and in respect of the said Duties of Customs and Excise, and Drawbacks of Duties of Excise, hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Conditions, Rules, Regulations,

Restrictions, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties,

Forfeitures, matters and things respectively, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

IV. And Whereas Contracts may have been made before the For Paper defi-

Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and one, by vered after April Makers of or Dealers in Paper, for serving Paper to be delivered 5> 1801,on Con-

in point of time after the said Fifth Day of One thousand Prior

eight hundred and one Be it therefore enacted, That such Makers vakn^t^the^1"' of or Dealers in Papers, serving such Paper after the said Fifth Day Duty may he of April One thousand eight hundred and one, in pursuance of such added to the former Contrafts, shall be allowed to add a Sum equivalent to the ^rice*

Duties by this Act imposed for or in respect of such Paper, over and above the Contraft Price of such Paper, and such Makers and Dealers shall be entitled by virtue of this Act to be paid for the same accordingly.

14

A.D. 1801.

Brown Paper, except made from old Ropes, &c. deemed coloured Paper of the Second Clals within the meaning of this Act, and 34 G. 3. c. ao.

Ho Paper to be painted for Hangings, except such whereon the Duty on Paper of the First Class mentioned in this Act shall have been charged, nor unless produced to the Officer of Excise in the original Cover, and opened in his Presence, who is to take an Account thereof, and stamp it according to Law.

Maker dimintlh-ing Paper before charged by the Officer, Penalty jol. and Paper may be seized.

Prize Tea sold pursuant to

33 G. 3. c. 34. liable to the additional Duty.

C. 8. 41° GEO. III.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Brown Paper (except such

only as shall be made of Old Ropes or Cordage alone, without separating or extracting the Pitch or Tar therefrom, and without any Mixture of other Materials therewith) shall be deemed and taken to be Coloured Paper of the Second Class within the Meaning of this Act, and also of an Act made in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act repealing the Duties on Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Seal and Glared, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; any thing in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whatever shall print, paint or stain any Paper to serve for Hangings or other Uses, save and except such Paper for or in respect whereof the Duty or Duties chargeable on Paper of the First Class mentioned in this Act shall have been duly charged, nor unless such Paper shall be, or shall have been previously produced to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey the Printer, Painter or Stainer thereof shall be, in-do fed in the original Cover or Wrapper, or Covers or Wrappers, in which such Paper was charged with the said Duty or Duties, and with the Label or Impression of the Stamp, denoting the Charge of the said Duty or Duties, and also the Name of the Officer, and the Date of the Charge of the said Duty, with the Class of such Paper marked, written or printed, remaining visibly and distinctly on such Cover or Wrapper, or Covers or Wrappers; and upon such Production of such Paper, such Printer, Painter or Stainer shall immediately, in the Presence of such Officer, untie and open every Ream and Bundle of such Paper, and thereupon such Officer shall immediately take an Account of the Quantities and Dimensions of all such Paper, and immediately upon taking such Account thereof shall, according to the Directions of an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the First, among other Things, for preventing Frauds in the Duties relating to printed, painted and stained Paper, mark or stamp every Sheet and Piece thereof with a Stamp or Seal already provided, or to be provided in pursuance of an Act made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, for the granting of the Duties on printed, painted or stained Paper, to serve for Hangings and other Uses, thereby to denote that such Account has been taken of such Paper; and no Officer or Officers of Excise shall, on any Pretence whatever, mark or stamp with such Stamp any Paper, except such Paper as shall be or shall have been previously so produced and opened as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and one, if any Maker or Makers of Paper shall cut or otherwise diminish any Paper before the same shall be taken account of, and weighed and charged by the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, every such Maker or Makers of Paper shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, together with all the Paper which shall be so cut or diminished, and such Paper shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Tea taken and condemned as Prize, and sold by the Captors or their Agents, under and pursuant to the Rules, Regulations and Restrictions prescribed by an Act passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of

A.D. 1801.

C. 8, % 10.

15

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

His present Majesty, intituled An Act f the Relief of the Captors of Prizes with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom, shall be subject and liable to the additional Duty by this Act imposed on Tea.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by Duties carried the Duties by this Act imposed (the necessary Charges of railing to Consolidated and accounting for the fame excepted) shall from time to time be ^unc*

paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster; and the said Money so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all the Application of Monies arising or to arise by the said Rates and Duties, or any of Duties, them, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue for the Pur-

pose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made, or Stock created or to be created by virtue of any Act or Acts passed or to be passed in this Session of Parliament; and that the said Monies shall, during the Space of Ten Years next ensuing, be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at

distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of Ten Years, a Book or Books in which all the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt, shall, together with the Monies arising from any Rates and Duties granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Purposes of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and Commencement take Effect as to Tea, from the Day mentioned in the Schedule to of Act.

this Act annexed; and as to all other Articles, matters and things, from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and one.

[The Duties and Drawbacks of JExcise granted by this Act made to cease, 43 G. 3. c. 69. § 1. and of Custo, 49. 3. c. 98. § i.]

CAP. IX.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Horses in Great Britain ;and for exempting from Duty

Horses kept for the Purpose of Husbandry, by Persons holding Farms under a certain Value.

[24th March 1801.]

[. Repealed43 G. 3. c, 161. 84.]

CAP. X.

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Stamp Duties 86.

on Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes and Insurances; for further and on certain Indentures, Leases, Bonds or other Deeds. Duties-]

[24th March 1801.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's Public Expences, and making a permanent

Addition

16

C. 10.

A.D. 1801.

Act shall not extend to Inlur-ance from Losses by Fire, nor on Lives.

ZZ G. 3. c. 48.

Additional Duties on Foreign Bills of Exchange drawn in Sets.

Duties to he paid over and above former Duties, and to be under the Management of the Commissioners for. Scamps.

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

Addition to the Public Revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the Duties herein after mentioned j’ and do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which any of the several matters herein after mentioned shall be engrossed, printed or written, the respective Stamp Duties following; (that is to say,).

[The Duties granted by this Act made to, and other Duties granted by federal Acts,laji by 55 G. 3. c. 184.]

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing

herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with any Stamp Duty by this Act imposed, any Policy of Insurance made and entered into for insuring Houses, Furniture, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes or other Property, from Loss by Fire, whereon the Duty, imposed by an Act passed in the Twenty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for charging a Duty on Persons nvhofe Property shall be insured against Loss by shall have been duly paid; nor any Insurance made or entered into for insuring any Events or Contingencies relative to a Life or Lives, whereon the Duty imposed by the Laws in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act, shall have been duly paid.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein

contained shall be construed to extend to charge any Foreign Bills of Exchange drawn in Sets, according to the Custom of Merchants, with any additional Duty higher than after the following Rate; that is to say, where the Sum expressed in such Bills, or made payable thereby, shall not exceed One hundred Pounds, there shall be charged an additional Stamp Duty of Four pence; and where such Sum shall exceed One hundred Pounds, and shall not exceed Two hundred Pounds, an additional Stamp Duty of Sixpence; and where such Sum shall exceed Two hundred Pounds, an additional Stamp Duty of Eight pence: Provided that every Bill of each Set of such Bills so drawn shall be charged, and every such Bill is hereby declared to be chargeable with the like additional Duty, according to the Rate above mentioned.

[See Note to 1. ante.']

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Duties charged on any of the matters and things herein-before mentioned, shall be paid, over and above the Duties payable by Law on the fame respectively, on and immediately before the passing of this Act; and that the said Duties hereby granted shall be under the Government, Care and Management of the Commissioners for the time being appointed to manage the Duties charged on Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, who, or the major Part of them, are hereby required and empowered to employ the necessary Officers under them for that Purpose; and in order to denote any of the several Duties payable by virtue of this Act, whenever they fee Occasion, to life such Stamps as shall have been heretofore provided to denote any former Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or to cause new Stamps to be provided for that Purpose, or for the Purpose of denoting

A.D. 1801. 41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

C. 17

noting the former Duties, and also the Duties granted by this Aftrand to alter or renew the fame respectively from time to time, and to do all other things necessary to be done for putting this Act into Execution with relation to the said several Duties herein-before granted, in the like and in as full and ample a manner as they or the major Part of them are authorized to put in Execution any former Eaw concerning Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Persons who shall, on the respective Days appointed for the Commencement of the respective Duties hereby granted, have in their Custody or Possession any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, stamped or marked with any Stamp or Mark, or Stamps or Marks, used to denote any of the respective Duties now payable by Law on Stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper, by virtue of any Act or Acts in force on and immmediately before the passing of this Act, and upon which Vellum, Parchment or Paper, any Duty is hereby imposed in addition to the Duties now payable thereon, at any time to bring or fend fucti Vellum, Parchment or Paper, to the said Commissioners at their Head Office in Middlefesc, who, or their Officers under them, are hereby authorized and required, on Payment of the respective Duties by this Act imposed, to. the Receiver General of the said Duties, or to foine Person or Persons to be authorized by him for such Purpose, to cause such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, to be duly damped and marked with the proper Stamp or Mark, or Stamps or Marks, to denote the Payment of the respective Duties hereby imposed, or at the Election of the Person or Persons- bringing such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, to cause the same to be cancelled, and other Vellum, Parchment or Paper, to be stamped with the proper Stamps of the like Value with the Amount of the Stamps so cancelled, and of the Duties payable by virtue of this Act, without demanding or taking, directly or indirectly, any Sum of Money or Consideration whatever (other than the Duty hereby imposed for the fame); and all Vellum, Parchment and Paper, stamped or marked by virtue of any Act or Acts now in force as aforesaid, on which any matter or thing shall be engrossed, printed or written, after the respective Days appointed hereby for the Commencement of the said respective Duties, which shall not be brought to the said Head Office, shall be, and is hereby declared to be of no other Effect or Use than if the fame had not been so stamped; and the matters and things which shall, after the respective Days appointed for the Commencement of the said respective Duties, be engrossed, printed or written thereon, shall be of no other Effect than if the fame matters and things had been engrossed, printed or written on unstamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Promissory Note or other Note, which, by any Act or Acts in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, is allowed to be again issued under certain Regulations therein contained, shall, from and after the Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and one, be again issued after Payment thereof, until the same shall have been brought to the said Head Office to be stamped with a proper Stamp; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and required to stamp the fame, or cause the same to be stamped, on Payment of the Duty by this Act imposed, on Proof on Oath or solemn Affirmation or Affidavit, before the said Commissioners (which Oath or solemn

Persons having Parchment, &c. with the present Stamps, may, after Commencement of the new Duties, have them properly stamped or exchanged; but if not done, the Instruments written thereon shall be of no Effect.

No Note now reissuable, shall be so, after June 5, 1801, until properly stamped, which may he done under certain Conditions, See.

IS

C. id.

A.D. 1801.

Proviso for In-surances from any one Port in Great Britain, Ireland, &c. to any other Port therein.

Counterfeiting Stamps, &c.

Death.

Powers of AOs In force at passing this Act extended to this Act.

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

Affirmation the said Commissioners, or any One or more of them, is or are, or any Persons duly authorized to take Affidavits in Matters depending in any of the superior Courts of Law or Equity, is hereby authorized to administer,) that the fame hath not been, after any Payment thereof, again issued since the Fifth Day of One thousand eight hundred and one, and that the fame have not been laid aside for the Purpose of being cancelled, at any Time before the passing of this Act; and any such Promissory or other Notes which shall be lirft issued or negociated after the said Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and one, and which may be re-issued after any Payment thereof according to the Regulations of the said Act again issued, being also first {lamped with the proper Stamp to denote the Duty by this Act imposed, may be again issued from Time to Time in the Manner allowed by the said Acts respectively; and all Rules, Regulations, Duties and Penalties prescribed or imposed by the said Acts, or any of them, with respect to the {lamping such Promissory or other Notes in order to issue the fame from Time to Time, or with respect to the issuing or negociating or cancelling such Notes after Payment thereof, shall be applied and put in Practice with respect to the securing the Duties by this Act imposed, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been severally enacted in the Body of this Act.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be conllrued to extend to charge with the additional Rate or Duty by this Act granted, any Insurance or Insurances upon Ships, Goods, or Merchandizes, or Other Property or Interest whatever, for any Voyage to or from any Port or Place in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and

or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney or, or the Isle oj

Man; from or to any other Port or Place in the said Kingdom, or in the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney or or the Isle of

Man; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall counterfeit or forge, or cause or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Stamp directed or allowed to be used by this Act, or provided, made, or used for the Purpose of denoting the Duties by this Act granted as aforesaid, or any of them, or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the same with an Intent to defraud His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties, or shall utter, vend, or fell any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, liable to any Stamp Duty by this Act imposed, with such counterfeit Stamp or Mark thereupon, knowing the same to be counterfeit, or shall privately or fraudulently use any Stamp directed or allowed to be used by this Act, with Intent to defraud His Majesty of the said Duties, then every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, Rules, Methods, Articles, Clauses, Penalties and Forfeitures, Distributions of Penalties and Forfeitures, and all other matters and things prescribed or appointed by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act, relating to the Stamp Duties on Vellum, Parchment and Paper (and not

A.D. 1801. 41° GEO. III.

G. 10.

19

hereby altered), shall, as far as the same are respectively applicable, be of full Force and Effect with relation to the additional and other Duties herein-before mentioned, and shall be applied, and put in Execution for the railing, levying, collecting, and securing the said additional and other Duties, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this A Cl, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had severally and respectively been hereby re-enacted, with relation to the said additional and other Duties.

X. And be it further enacted, That in every Cafe where, by an Where a Dif-

Act passed in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present count of i per Majesty, a Discount of Sixteen Pounds, oil the Sums is allowed,

now payable for Duties imposed on Newspapers, shall be allowed by " § 33,"for the said Commissioners to the Proprietors, Printers or Publishers of Newspapers a such Newspapers, who shall not have advanced the Price thereof further Dis-

beyond the Price in the said Act mentioned, it shall be lawful for count of 4I. ioj.

the said Commissioners to grant a further allowance, by way of a‘owe ’ Discount, of Four Pounds and Ten Shillings per, on the

Sums so payable for Duties, to the said Proprietors, Printers or Publishers, amounting in the Whole to Twenty Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum, in the like Manner and under the like Conditions as is directed by the said Act made in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in respect of the Discount thereby allowed; and the said Commissioners shall cause the said Amount or Discount so to be allowed, to be marked on such Newspapers, in the Manner the Discount of Sixteen Pounds per Centum was directed to be marked by the said Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by Duties paid to

the several Duties herein-before mentioned, shall be paid from Time Receiver Gene-to Time into the Hands of the Receiver General, for the time being, a^ of Stamps, to of the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, who shall t*n®

pay the fame (the necessary Charges of raising, paying and account- jrund>

ing for the fame being deducted) into the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, at such Time and in such Manner as the Duties charged on Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, are directed to be paid; and the said Money so paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Monies Application of arising or to arise of the several Rates or Duties hereby granted as Duties, aforesaid, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an

Addition made^o the Revenue, for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made, or Stock created or to be created, by virtue of any Act or Acts passed or to be passed in this Session of Parliament; and that the said Monies shall, during the Space of Ten Years next ensuing, be paid into the said Receipt, distinctly and apart from all other Brauches of the Public Revenues; and there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of Book kept the said Receipt, during the said Period of Ten Years, a Book or the Exchequer Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Rates and Duties paid into the said Receipt, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates and Duties granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid orr,payable to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever.

to

limitation of Actions.

General Issue.

Treble Cells.

Commencement of Duties.

EXP. 36 G. 3. c.

C. 10, 11, 12. 41° GEO. III. A.D. 1801.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, then and in every such Case the said Attion or Suit shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months after the Fabt commit Led, and not afterwards, and shall be brought in the County or Place where the Cause of Attion shall arise, and not elsewhere; and that the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit to be brought, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear to be so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County, City, or Place than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become non-suited, or discontinue his, her or their Action, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates and

Duties hereby granted shall respectively commence and take Effect as follows; that is to say, the said Duties on Insurances, from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and one j the said Duties on Bills of Exchange, Notes, Drafts or Orders, from and after the Fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and one, in that Part of Great Britain called, and from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and one, in that Part of Great Britain, called Scotland; and the said Duties on Indentures, Leases, Bonds and other Deeds, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and one.

CAP. XI.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[24th March i Box.]

CAP. XII.

An Act to amend an Act made in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An to permit Bakers to make and sell certain Sorts of Bread.

[24th 1801.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to permit Bakers to make and sell certain Sorts of, all Persons are

allowed to make and sell, in any Place, under certain Provisions and Restrictions, the several Sorts of Loaves in the said Act particularly described, made of the whole Produce of the Wheat, dedu6ting only Five Pounds Weight of Bran Bushel; or made of any Sort of Wheaten Flour, mixed with Meal or Flour of Barley,

A.D. 1801.

11° GEO. III. C. 12. 21

Rye, Oats, Buck Wheat, Indian Corn, Pease, Beans, Rice or any other Kind of Grain whatsoever, or with Potatoes, in such Proportions and at such Prices, for the said Loaves respectively, as the Maker and Seller thereof shall deem proper and reasonable, whether any Assize of Bread shall be set in such Place or not: And

Whereas it is desirable to encourage the making of good and wholesome Bread, containing a larger Proportion of the Produce of Wheat than is contained in the Bread upon which the Assize is usually set, and for that Purpose to extend the Provisions of the said Act, so far as the same relate to the making and felling of Wheaten Bread: And Whereas it is expedient to amend the said Act, so far as the same relates to the marking of any such Wheaten Bread or any Mixed Bread, and to telling such Mixed Bread; and for that Purpose to repeal certain Provisions of the said Act, and to enact other Provisions in lieu thereof Be it therefore enacted, by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for Any Person may any Person or Persons whatever, in any Place whatever, and whether malce ancJ fell any Assize or Price of Bread shall be set in such Place or not, to iJ,03ve* ?de of make, bake, fell and expose to Sale, Peck Loaves, Half Peck whole Produce Loaves, Quartern Loaves and Half Quartern Loaves, made of of the Wheat, or Wheaten Meal or Flour of the whole Produce of the Wheat, or with with the Bran, the Bran only, or the Bran and Pollards, or any Proportion of the taken there-Bran and Pollards, or any other Part of the Produce of such Wheat p^?e’ fess^ban taken therefrom, at any Price at which any Person may be willing the Assize Price to purchase the fame: Provided always, that the Price at which of the Place, any Bread allowed to be sold by the said Act, or by this Act, shall in all Cases be less than the Price of the Wheaten Bread upon which an Assize or Price shall be set, in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament, in the Place where such other Wheaten Bread shall be made or fold, or exposed to Sale, any Act or Acts, or Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of § of recited

this Act, so much of the said recited Act as relates to the marking A a as to mark-

of any Wheaten Bread, or any Mixed Bread, or to the affixing, in a m^ot Wheaten conspicuous Part of any Shop or Window, any Specification of the °'c ^read’ Proportion of any Mixtures composing any Bread, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing How Bread of of this Act, every Person who shall make or bake for Sale any an inferior QuaT Wheaten Bread, made of any Meal or Flour, of an inferior Quality to

to the Flour used for the Bread on which an Assize or Price shall be mar<L ' set pursuant to any Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Mixed Bread, shall imprint, or distinctly mark upon every Loaf of such Wheaten Bread, a large Roman H, and upon every Loaf of such Mixed Bread a large Roman X.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Not marking shall omit to imprint or diltinftly mark any such Wheaten or Mixed such Bread, or Bread pursuant to the Lireftions of this Act, or shall not well make not well making any such Wheaten or mixed Bread, or shall adulterate the fame with or adulterating any Mixture or Ingredient, not allowed to be used in the making of defi^iem*^ Bread; or shall make or bake for Sale, or fell oi^expose to Sale, any weight.

C. 12, IS.

A.D. 1801.

22

Penalties.

Acts in force relating to weighing and adulterating of Bread, extended to this Act.

Assize and Price set on Half Quartern Loaves, and Provisions of former Acts extended to such Loaves.

Proviso for Rights of London, and Baker’s Company.

Act may be altered or repealed this Session.

41° GEO. III.

such Peck Loaves, Half Peck Loaves, Quartern Loaves or Half Quartern Loaves, or any other Loaves deficient in Weight, according to the Assize of Loaves of such Denominations respectively contained in any Act or Acts in force relating to the Assize and Price of Bread, or according to any Assize that shall be set in pursuance of any such Act or Acts, all and every Person and Persons offending therein shall be liable to the same or the like Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures and Punishments, as any Bakers or Makers of Bread for Sale are liable to, for any the like or similar Misdemeanors, Offences or Neglects, in making, felling, or exposing to or for Sale any Bread.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Clauses, matters and things. Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures in any Act or Acts now in force contained, relating to the weighing any Bread made for Sale, or exposed to Sale, or searching for any Ingredient wherewith any Meal, Flour or Bread may be adulterated, shall be, and are hereby extended and made applicable to, and shall be applied in the enforcing of the Provisions of this Act, in as full and ample a Manner as if the fame had been severally and separately re-enacted in this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of

this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for every Baker and Maker of Bread for Sale, and every Seller of Bread, to make, bake and fell Loaves, called Half Quarter of a Peck Loaves, which shall weigh Two Pounds Two Ounces Twelve Drachms, and on which an Assize and Price shall be set as near as can be in proportion to other Bread, according to the Rules and Regulations now! in force by any Act or Acts for setting and regulating the Price and Assize of Bread; and all and every the Clauses, matters and things in the said Acts, or any other Acts contained relating to setting and ascertaining any Assize or Price of Bread, and also to the weighing any Bread made for Sale, or exposed to Sale, or adulterating any Bread, or felling any Bread before it has been baked a certain Time, shall be, and are hereby extended and made applicable to the setting and ascertaining of such Assize and Price, and to the Bakers, Makers and Sellers of such Loaves, called Half Quarter of a Peck

in as full and ample a Manner as if the fame were repeated and severally re-enacted in this Act.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall in any ways affect or infringe upon the Rights and Privileges of the City of London,or of the Worshipful Company of Bakers of the said City.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

[- See55 G. 3. xeix. I.]

CAP. XIII.

An Act for increasing the Bounties granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament (<2), on Flour imported from

in Ships which shall have cleared out between certain Periods.

[24th 180J.3

(rf) \_Stat. 41 G. 3.

[G.B.) c. 10. now .]

A.D. 1801. 41° GEO. III. C. 14—*19.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for amending and further continuing, until the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and one, two Acts, passed in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Suppression of the Rebellion which still exists within that Kingdom, and for the Protection of the Persons and Properties of His Majesty's faithful Subjects within the same.

[24th March iS'oi.]

CAP. XV.

An Act to continue until the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and one, an Act, made in the last Session of the Parliament of Ir, intituled An Act to power the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors 0C Ireland, to apprehend and detain such Persons as he or they shall suspect for conspiring againf His Majestys and

Government.

[24 th iBoi-d

CAP. XVI.

An Act to prohibit until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and two, the making of Malt and the distilling of Spirits from Corn or Grain in

[24th March 1801.]

CAP. XVII.

An Act for continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and two, certain Acts of the last Session of the Parliament of, for granting Duties to His Majesty.

[24th 1801.}

[Repealed as to Tax of Four Shillings in the Pound upon

&c. of Persons not rest dent in Ireland,. ioo. j and the ref

of the Act expired.]

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and two.

[24th March 1801.]

CAP. XIX.

An Act for reviving and continuing, until the first Day of OEloher One thousand eight hundred and one, so much of an Act made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the reducing and better collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch; for reviving, continuing until Six "Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, and amending,

G. 19, 20.

A.D. 1801.

24

dl0 GEO. III. (U.K.)

an Act made in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enabling His Majesty to permit Goods to be imported into Great, in neutral Ships; for reviving

and continuing until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four, and from thence until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act made in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for authorizing His Majesty to make Regulations respedbing the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope; and for reviving and making perpetual an made in the

Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for preventing Offences in obstructing, destroying, or damaging Ships, and in obstructing Seamen and others from pursuing their lawful Occupations.

[2d 1801.]

[Statutes 33 G. 3. c. 67. 37 G. 3. c. 21. 39 G. 3. c. 112.]

39 & 40 G. 3. c. 8.

IV. And Whereas the Law herein after mentioned has by Experience been found useful and beneficial, and it is expedient that the fame should be revived and made perpetual ;* Be it therefore further 33 G. 3. c. 67. enacted, That an Act, made in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of for preventing His present Majesty, intituled An better preventing Offences.

damaging Ships, \n obffruding, destroying or damaging Ships or other, and in

&c. made Per' olflruding Seamen, Keelmen, Coffers and Ship from -

ua ’ suing their lawful Occupations; which was to continue in force until the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which was, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, continued until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, shall, from and immediately after the Fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and one, be revived, and the fame is hereby revived, and shall, from and immediately after the said Fifth Day of, be made perpetual.

[The rest of this Act is

CAP. XX.

EXP. An Act to extend, until the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and one, the Provisions of an 13 G. 3. c. 81. Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better, Improve-

ment and Regulation of the Common Arable, Waffes and Commons of Paffure, in this, and for encouraging the Cultivation of Potatoes in open and Common Field Lands.

[2d April 1801.}

C A l\

A.D. 1801. 41° GEO. III. C. 21.

25

CAP. XXI.

An Act for permitting East India Goods prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain, and warehoused in pursuance of an Act made in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to be removed by Land Carriage to certain Ports, for the Purpose of being exported to the Colonies or Plantations in the

[18th 1801.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, amongst other Things for permitting certain Goods imported from the Indies to be warehoused in the Port of London and such Goods, after having been so warehoused, are required to be exported directly from the Warehouse or Warehouses in which the same shall have been so lodged or secured: And Whereas it is expedient to permit East India Goods, which are prohibited to be worn or used in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great, and which shall have been warehoused in pursuance of the said Act, to be removed by Land Carriage to the Ports of, Lancaster and for the Purpose of being exported to the British Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies Be it therefore enacted, by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That whenever any East India Goods, which are prohibited to be worn or used in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great, and which shall have been so warehoused in pursuance of the said Act, shall be intended to be exported to any Bri Colony or Plantation in the West Indies, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs for the Time being, or any Four or more of them, to grant Permission for the Removal of the said Goods from such Warehouse or Warehouses by Land Carriage to the Ports of Liverpool, Lancaster and Bristol, for the Purpose of being exported from thence respectively to the said Britis Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, under such Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Secu-

rities, as are now by Law required for certain East India prohibited Goods, when removed from one Port of Great Britain to another, to be from thence exported to Africa.

CAP. XXII.

An Act to render valid Indentures of Apprenticeship of Poor Children and others, made upon improper Stamps, upon certain Conditions; and to indemnify all Persons who may have incurred Penalties thereby.

[18th April 1801.]

WHEREAS divers Indentures of Apprenticeship made for the binding of Poor Children and others, have, through Mistake and Inadvertency, and without any Intention to defraud the Revenue, been made out and executed upon Stamps of a different Denomination and Value than is required by the several Acts relating to the Stamp Duties charged and payable upon In-

dentures

39 G. 3. c. 59. recited.

Commissioners of the Customs may permit East India Goods, prohibited to be worn in Great Britain, and warehoused under recited Act, to lie removed by Land Carriage to certain Ports for Exportation to the British Colonies in the West Indies.

26

C. 22, 23.

A.D. 1801.

On Payment by Dec. 31, 1801, of Duty on Indentures of Ap-pventiceship, or on Production of such as shall have been stamp-edas herein mentioned, the same to be stamped with the proper Stamp, without Payment of any Penalty, and to be valid, See.

17 G. 2. c. 38. §6.

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

dentures of Apprenticeship, and by reason thereof great Inconve- nience has arisen, and may arise, to the Matters and Mistresses of such Apprentices, and to such Apprentices, by reason that such Indentures are not valid or binding upon any of the Parties thereto: And Whereas it is expedient that the fame should be redlified ;’ For remedy whereof, may it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That upon Payment on or before the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and one, of the full Rate or Duty Payable in respect of any such Indenture, or on the Production at the Head Office of Stamps, of any such Indentures of Apprentice ffiip, where the same shall have been stamped, with any Stamp of a higher Value, though of a different Denomination, than is required by Law, every such Indenture shall, on being tendered at the proper Place in the Stamp Office where such Indentures are stamped, during the time of Office Hours, be stamped with the proper Stamp for such Indentures, without the Payment of any Penalty whatever; and every such Indenture being so stamped as aforesaid with the proper Stamp (whether the same shall be so stamped during the Time mentioned in any such Indenture, or after the Expiration thereof) shall thereupon be good, valid and available in Law and Equity, and shall be binding upon all the Parties thereto, and shall be deemed to have been in full Force from the Execution thereof, and shall and may be given in evidence in any Court or Courts whatsoever; and the several Clerks, Apprentices or Servants therein respectively named, shall be capable-of following and exercising their respective intended Profession, Trade, Employment or Business, as fully as if the said Indenture had been properly stamped at or after the Execution thereof; and all and every Person and Persons who hath or have incurred any Penalty or Forfeiture by any such Neglect or Omission as aforesaid, shall be acquitted and discharged of and from, and indemnified against the fame except only in such Cases where any Prosecution shall be now depending; any thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for the better Collection of Rates made for the Relief of the Poor.

[18th April 1801.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for remedying some Defefls in the Act, made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Poor f Power was given to Justices of the Peace, upon Appeals from Rates and Assessments, where they should fee just Cause to give Relief, to amend the fame in such Manner only as should be necessary for t giving such Relief, without altering such Rates or Assessments with respect to other Persons mentioned in the fame: And Whereas the quashing or setting aside of Rates or Assessments made for the Relief of the Poor is attended with great Inconvenience; and it hath happened, in consequence of the Rate or Assessment being quashed or set aside, or of Notice of Appeal against the whole Rate

A.D. 1801.

C. 23.

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

being given, the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor have not had any Money in hand for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor For Remedy whereof, may it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of

On Appeal from

this Act, upon all Appeals from any Rate or Assessment made for Poor Rate,

the Relief of the Poor of any Parish, Township, Vill or Place, the Quarter Session

Court of General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace shall, and such ma[ arnend

Court is hereby authorized and required (in all Cases where they shall j?1.1 oHf n"ecef°

fee just Canfe to give Relief) to amend such Rate or Assessment, to grant

either by inserting therein or striking out the Name or Names of any Relief, may

Person or Persons, or by altering the Sum or Sums therein charged qualh Rate; but

on any Person or Persons, or in any other Manner which the said nouvkh

Court shall think necessary for giving such Relief, and without qualh- stanjing be

ing or wholly setting alide such Rate or Assessment: Provided levied and ap-

always, that if the said Court shall be of opinion that it is necessary, plied in Satis-

for the Purpose of giving Relief to the Person or Persons appealing, fa^bonofnext

that the Rate or Assessment should be wholly quashed, then the said e e<^lve Rate*

Court may qualh the fame; but nevertheless, all and every the Sum

+and Sums of Money in and by such Rate or Assessment charged on any Person or Persons, shall and may be levied and recovered by such Ways and Means, and in such and the same Manner, as if no Appeal had been made against such Rate or Assessment; and all and every the Sum and Sums of Money which any Person or Persons charged in such Rate or Assessment shall pay, or which shall be levied upon or recovered from him, her, or them shall be deemed and taken as Payment, on account of the next effective Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, which shall be made for the Relief of the Poor of the same Parish, Township, Vill or Place.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing Notice of Ap-of this Act, all and every the Sum and Sums of Money at which peal not to pre-any Person or Persons is or are or shall be rated or alfelfed, in any vent Distress for Rate or Assessment made for the Relief of the Poor of any Parish, Recovery of Township, Vill or Place, shall and may be levied and recovered ^ater Sim^0 by Distress, and all other lawful Ways and Means, notwithstanding proceeded for the Person or Persons so rated or alfelfed, or any other Person or than that assessed persons, shall have given Notice of Appeal from or against such Rate *n hill effective or Assessment, for any Cause whatsoever: Provided always, that if Rate<

any Person, rated or alfelfed in any Rate or Assessment made for the Relief of the Poor, shall give such Notice of Appeal as herein after mentioned (<z) to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, Township, Vill or Place, or any Two of them, then, from and after the giving of such Notice, and until the Appeal shall have been heard and determined, no Proceedings shall be commenced or carried on to recover any greater Sum or Sums of Money from such Person or Persons than the Sum or Sums at which, he, she or they, or any Occupier of the same Premises, shall have been rated or alfelfed in the last effective Rate which shall have been collected in such Parish, Township, Vill or Place. (0) \_Section 4.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Court of Quarter Sessions General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace shall upon Appeal order having ordered a any Rate or Assessment for the Relief of the Poor to be quashed, it Rate to be qualh.

28

C. 23.

A.D. 1801.

ed, may order Sum charged on any Person not to be paid, and flop Proceedings,

Justices, &c. not liable as Trespassers for previous Proceedings.

Notices of Appeal against Poor Rates, or Accounts of Churchwardens, Sec. to be in Writing, &c. and to specify grounds of Appeal.

Appeals may be decided, if Parties con lent, although Notice not given.

Persons appealing against Rate, to give Notice not only to Churchwardens, Sec.but also to Persons interested, See.

41° GEO. III.

shall be lawful for the said Court to order that any Sum or Sums of Money, in and by such Rate or Assessment charged on any Person or Persons, or any Part of any such Sum or Sums, not to be paid, and then and in every such Case no Proceedings shall, after making such Order, he commenced; or if any Proceedings have been previously commenced, such Proceedings shall be it further prosecuted or carried on for the Purpose of levying or enforcing the Payment of any Sum or Sums which shall be so ordered by the said Court not to be paid as aforesaid: Provided always, that no Justice of the Peace, Constable or other Officer of the Peace or other Person shall be deemed a Trespasser, or liable to any Action, for any Warrant, Order, Act or thing, which such Justice, Constable or other Officer or Person shall have granted, made, executed or done, for the Purpose of levying or enforcing the Payment of any such Sum or Sums of Money before he shall have had Notice in Writing of the Order for the Non Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, which the said Court is hereby authorized to make as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act,all Notices of Appeal from or against any Rate or Assessment made for the Relief of the Poor, or from or against the Account of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, Township, Vill or Place, shall be in Writing, and shall be signed by the Person or Persons giving the fame, or his, her or their Attorney, on his, her or their Behalf; and such Notices of Appeal shall be delivered to or left at the Places of Abode of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Township, Vill or Place, or any two of them, and the particular causes or Grounds of Appeal shall be stated and specified in such Notice; and upon the Hearing of any Appeal from or against any such Rate or Assessment, the Court of General or Quarter Sessions to which such Appeal shall be made, shall not examine or enquire into any other Cause or Ground of Appeal than such as are or is stated and specified in the Notice of Appeal.

V. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That with the Consent of the Overseers, signified by them or their Attorney in open Court, and with the Consent of any other Person interested therein, the said Court of Sessions may proceed to hear and decide upon such Appeal, although no Notice thereof shall have been given in Writing; and also that with the like Consent such Court may hear and decide upon Grounds of Appeal, not stated or mis-stated in such written Notice, where any Notice shall have been given in Writing.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person or Persons shall appeal against any Rate or Assessment made for the Relief of the Poor, because any other Person or Persons is or are rated or assessed in such Rate or Assessment, or is or are omitted to be rated or assessed therein, or because any other Person or Persons is or are rated or assessed in any such Rate or Assessment at any greater or less Sum or Sums of Money than the Sum or Sums at which he, she or they ought to be rated or assessed therein, or for any other Cause that may require any Alteration to be made in such Rate or Assessment, with respect to any other Person or Persons, then and in every such Case, the Person or Persons so appealing for the causes aforesaid, or any of them, shall give such Notice of

Appeal,

A.D. 1801. 41° GEO. III. C. 23. 29

Appeal, in Writing as herein-before mentioned, not only to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor, or any two or more of them, but also to the other Person or Persons so interested or concerned in the Event of such Appeal as aforesaid; and such other Person or Persons shall, if he, she or they shall so desire, be heard upon the said Appeal; and it shall be lawful for the Court of General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, on the Hearing of such Appeal, to order the Name or Names of such other Person or Persons to be inserted in such Rate or Assessment, and him, her or them to be therein rated and assessed at any Sum or Sums of Money; or to order the Name or Names of such other Person or Persons to be struck out of such Rate or Assessment, or the Sum or Sums at which he, she or they is or are rated or affefifed therein, to be altered, in such Manner as the said Court shall think right; and the proper Officer of the said Court shall forthwith add to or alter the Rate or Assessment accordingly.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if, upon the Hearing of any Appeal from or against any Rate or Assessment, the said Court shall order the Name or Names of any Person or Persons to be inserted therein, and him, her or them to be rated or assessed at any Sum or Sums of Money, or shall order the Sum or Sums at which any Person or Persons is or are therein rated or assessed to be raised or increased, then and in such Case all and every the Sum and Sums of Money, at or to which such Person or Persons shall be so ordered to be rated or assessed, or to be raised or increased, or so much thereof as shall not have been already paid, shall and may be recovered in such and the same Manner, and by such and the fame Means, as if he, she or they had been originally named in such Rate or Assessment, and rated or assessed therein at such Sum or Sums of Money.

VIII. And be it enacted, That if upon the Hearing of any Appeal from any Rate or Assessment for the Relief of the Poor, the Court of General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace shall order the Name or Names of any Person or Persons to be struck out of such Rate or Assessment, or the Sum or Sums rated or assessed on any Person or Persons to be decreased or lowered; and if it shall be made appear to the said Court, that such Person or Persons hath or have, previously to the Hearing of such Appeal, paid any Sum or Sums of Money, in consequence of such Rate or Assessment, which he, she or they ought not to have paid or been charged with, then and in every such Case the said Court shall order all and every such Sum and Sums of Money to be repaid and returned, by the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, to the Person or Persons having paid the fame respectively, together with all reasonable Costs, Charges and Expences, occasioned by such Person or Persons having paid or been required to pay the fame; and all and every the Sum and Sums of Money so ordered to be repaid or returned by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, or any of them, shall and may, together with all such Costs, Charges and Expences as aforesaid, be levied and recovered from them, or any of them, by Distress and all such other Ways and Means as the Money charged, rated or assessed on any Person, by any Rate or Assessment made for the Relief of the Poor, can or may be by Law levied or recovered.

IX. And Whereas it may have happened that the Churchwardens f and Overseers of the Poor of Tome Parishes, Townships, Vills or

‘ Places,

fti- 'CP'*'

Rate to be recovered as altered by Quarter Sessions.

In case in the Rate the Name of any Person shall be struck out, or any Sum lowered,

Quarter Sessions to order Money which ought not to have been recovered, to be repaid, with Costs, by Churchwardens, &c.

30

a 23.

A.1X1801.

Succeeding Churchwardens and Overseers empowered to repay Money expended by preceding Churchwardens, for Maintenance of Poor, while there was no Rate; or during an Appeal; and in default of such Re-pay men r, Quarter Sessions., on Application being marie to them, to make an Order for Payment.

41° GEO. III. (J7.iT.)

1 Places, have not been able to collect a Sum of Money sufficient for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor within or belonging to the same, but they, or the Guardian or Guardians of the Poor of such Parishes, Town ships, Vills or Places, have heretofore actually advanced and expended considerable Sums for that Purpose Be it therefore euaded, That it shall be lawful for the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, Township, Vill or Place, or any of them, out of any Money which they or any of them shall collect or receive by virtue or in pursuance of any Rate or Assessment made for the Relief of the Poor of such Parish, Township, Vill or Place, to repay and reimburse the preceding Churchwardens and Overseers, Guardian or Guardians of the Poor of such Parish, Town* snip, Vill or Place, all such Sums of Money as they or any of them have heretofore advanced or expended for the Relief or Maintenance of the Poor within or belonging to such Parish, Township, Vill or Place, during the Time that no Rate or Assessment for the Relief of the Poor thereof has been made, or during the Time that any Appeal has been depending which affected the Whole of such Rate or Assessment, or upon the Hearing of which, the fame might be wholly quashed or set aside; and in case the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, Township, Vill or Place, shall not pay to the preceding Churchwardens and Overseers, Guardian or Guardians, all such Sums of Money as they or any of them have so advanced and expended, for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor as aforesaid, within fourteen Days next after Demand in Writing made for that Purpose, it shall be lawful for such preceding Churchwardens and Overseers, Guardian or Guardians of the Poor, or any of them, to apply to the then next Court of General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, Town, Corporation or Franchise, within which such Parish, Township, Vill or Place is situate, giving due Notice in Writing of such Application to the then Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of such Parish, Township, Vill or Place, or any two or more of them; and the said Court of General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace shall enquire into the Matter of the said Application, and examine the Parties and their Witnesses upon Oath, and shall make an Order upon the then Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of such Parish, Township, Vill or Place, or any of them, out of the Money collectid or received, or to be collected or received by them or any of them, under or in pursuance of any Rate or Assessment made for the Relief of the Poor, to pay such Sum or Sums of Money to the preceding Churchwardens and Overseers, Guardian or Guardians of the Poor of the same or any of them, as the said Court shall think fit; and all and every the Sum and Sums of Money so ordered by the said Court to be paid, shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and all such other Ways and Means as the Money charged, rated or alfelTed on any Person by any Rate or Assessment made for the Relief of the Poor, can or may be by Law levied or recovered.

A.D. 1801. 41° GEO. III. {UK.)

C. 24.

SI

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for the indemnifying of Persons injured by the forcible pulling down and demolishing of Mills, or of Works thereunto belonging, by Persons unlawfully and riotously assembled.

[ 18th 1801.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the ninth Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, intituled, Act more.

effectucil Punishment of such Persons as shall or pull down,

burn or other wise destroy or spoil any or and

venting the defraying or damaging of Engines for draining Collieries and Mines; or Bridges, Waggon Ways or other things used conveying Coals, Lead, Lin or other Minerals from or

Fences for inclosing Lands in pursuance of Acts of Parliament, it was amongst other things recited, that by an Act passed in the

first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fii'ft,

intituled An Act for preventing Tumults and riotous Assemblies, and for the more speedy and effectual the Rioters, it was

among other things enacted, that if any Persons unlawfully, 4 riotously, and tumultuously assembled together, to the Disturbance of the publick Peace, should unlawfully and with Force demolish or pull down, or begin to demolish or pull down, any Church or Chapel, or any Building for religious Worship, certified and registered according to the Statute made in the first Year of the Reign of the late King William and Queen Mary, intituled An Act for exempting Their Majesties’ Protefant Subjects, from the

Church of England, from the Penalties of certain Laws, or any Dwelling House, Barn, Stable or other Outhouse, that then every such demolishing or pulling down, or beginning to demolish or pull down, should be adjudged Felony without Benefit of Clergy, and the Offenders therein should be adjudged Felons, and should suffer Death as in cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy: And it was also further recited, that some doubts had arisen whether the said Act extended to the pulling down and demolishing of Mills: 4 Wherefore, for remedying the Mischiefs which might ensue therefrom, and for the more effectual Punishment of such Offenders, it was by the said Act enacted, that if any Person or Persons unlawfully, riotously, and tumultuously assembled together to the Disturbance of the publick Peace, should at any Time after the fifft Day of July One thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, unlawfully and with Force demolish or pull down, or begin to demolish or pull down, any Wind Saw Mill or other Wind Mill, or any Water Mill or other Mill, which should have been or shall be erected, or any of the Works thereto respectively belonging, that then every such demolishing or pulling down, or beginning to demolish or pull down, should be adjudged Felony without Benefit of Clergy, and the Offenders therein should be adjudged Felons, and should suffer Death as in case of Felony without Benefit of Clergy: And Whereas no Provision is made in and by the said recited Act for the Indemnification of the Persons damnified and injured by such pulling down and demolishing of the above mentioned Mills and Works thereunto belonging: And Whereas it is expedient that the like Remedy and Means of Indemnification should he

extended

9 G. 3. c. 29.

1 G. 1. ft. 2. c. 5.

u<

i Gift. & Mar. ft. 1. c. 18.

32

C. 24, 25.

A.D. 1801.

Damages occasioned by deni oli(hing of Mills, &c. by Persons unlawfully assembled, may be sued for and recovered as provided re-spe^iing other Buildings, by i G. i. ft a. c. 5.

ioH. 7. c (I.)

His Majesty may grant the Corn-million of Matter of the Rolls in Ireland, and provide that it shall remain in force during good Behaviour.

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

c extended to the Persons damnified and injured by the pulling down and demolishing such Mills and Works thereunto belonging, as are

by the said Act passed in the first Year of the Reign of His said

‘ late Majesty King George the First, intituled, for preventing

‘ Tumults and riotous Assemblies, and for the more speedy and effec-

tual punishing the Rioters, now afforded and given to the Persons

‘ damnified and injured by the demolishing and pulling down wholly or in part any Church, Chapel, Building for religious Worship, Dwelling House, Barn, Stable or Out House, as in the said last mentioned Act is mentioned :’ Be it therefore enacted, by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if after the passing of this Act, any Wind Saw Mill or other Mill, or other Wind Mill, or any Water Mill or other Mill, or any of the Works thereunto belonging, shall be demolished or pulled down wholly or in part by any Persons so unlawfully, riotously and tumul-tuously assembled, that then the Damages sustained by the Person or Persons injured and damnified by such demolishing or pulling down wholly or in part shall and may be sued for, recovered, levied, raised and reimbursed in such Manner and Form and by such Ways and Means as are particularly provided in and by the said Act made in the first Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the First, in respect to the several Descriptions of Buildings therein mentioned.

[See 52 G. 3. r. 130.]

CAP. XXV.

An Act for the better Regulation of the Office of Master of the Rolls in that Part of the United Kingdom called and for augmenting the Salary annexed to the said Office.

[18 th 1801.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Office of Master of the

‘ Rolls in that Part of the United Kingdom called

4should be made a Judicial Office and Assistant to the Lord High Chancellor of Ireland;but the fame being, by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Henry the Seventh, now held only at The King’s 4 Will and Pleasure, it is expedient that His Majesty should be empowered to regulate the said Office, and that the Salary, thereof should be augmented;’ Be it therefore enifted, by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by any Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and ', to grant

the Commission of Master of the Rolls of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, for the Time being, unto any Person quam diu fe bene gejferit; and to provide that such Commission shall continue and remain in full Force during the good Behaviour of the Person holding the said Office, notwithstanding any Demise of His Majesty (whom God long preserve) or of any of his Heirs or Successors,

A.D. 1801.

C. 25#

33

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

any Law, Usage or Practice to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and that the Matter of the Rolls so appointed shall have full Power and Authority to make Orders and Decrees on all Matters and causes now depending, or which shall hereafter be depending, in the Court of Chancery of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; and that all such Orders and Decrees shall be deemed and taken to be valid Orders and Decrees, of the said Court of Chancery j but subject nevertheless, in every such Case, to be discharged, reversed, or altered by the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of Ireland for the time being; and so as no such Orders or Decrees be enrolled till the same shall be signed by the said Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in any such Patent, to provide that the said Master of the Rolls shall have full Power and Authority to make Orders, in all Matters touching the Execution of the Laws respecting Bankrupts in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; and that all such Orders shall be of the like Force and Effect as if made by the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of Ireland for the time being subject nevertheless to be discharged, reversed or altered, by the said Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, where any such Commission as aforesaid shall be granted by His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, there shall be issued, paid and payable, out of, and charged and chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, (after paying and reserving sufficient to pay all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may be hereafter charged upon or payable out of the said Fund,) to the Master of the Rolls as aforesaid, to whom such Powers shall be granted as aforesaid, as an Augmentation of his Salary, so much Money as will make up his Salary and pecuniary Profits belonging to his said Office, the annual Sum of Three thousand five hundred Pounds; which said Sum of Money to be issued in pursuance of this Act, shall from time to time from thenceforth be payable and paid Quarterly, free and clear of all Taxes and Dedubtions whatsoever, on every Twenty fifth Day of Marche Twenty fourth Day of, Twenty ninth Day of September and Twenty fifth Day of December; the first Payment thereof, or of such Proportion thereof as shall have accrued from the Date of such Grant of such Office as aforesaid, to be made on the first of the said Days which shall next happen after the Grant of such Office shall actually have been made under and by virtue of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every such Master of the

Rolls for the time being, or such Officer as he shall appoint, shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the Fifteenth Day of

Fourteenth Day of June, Nineteenth Day of September and Fifteenth Day of December, commencing on such of the said Days as shall happen next after such Grant of such Office as aforesaid, deliver

44 Geo. III.

[U.K.) D to

Power to Master of the Rolls to make Orders and Decrees.

His Majesty may provide that he may make Orders in Matters respecting Bankrupts.

There shall he paid Quarterly, out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, so much as will make up the Salary and Profits of such Master of the Rolls, 3,5col. annually.

An Account of the Income of the Matter of the Rolls to be delivered Quarterly to the Irish Treasury,

34

C. 25.

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

A.D. 1 SO I.

and whatever Sum such Income ("hall he leis than 8751. per Quarter, shall be ifEied accordingly*

The Executors of any Matter of the Rolls who shall die, and any Person who shall resign the Office, shall be entitled to a Proportion of the vSalary and Profits, at the Rates above mentioned, during their executing it; but if more has been received, the Excess shall be paid to the Successor.

to the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being of Ireland, an Account, signed by such Mailer of the Rolls, of his clear Salary after the Deduction of all Fees and Taxes paid in respect thereof, and also of all Fees and Pecuniary Profits which shall have been received or were payable to him in respect of the Execution of his said Office of Mailer of the Rolls aforesaid, between the Day on which such Mailer of the Rolls shall have entered upon his Office in pursuance of such Grant as aforesaid, and the Day upon which such Account is directed to be delivered by virtue of this Act; and a like Account shall be delivered, in like manner, in every succeeding Quarter ending on the Fifteenth Day of March, Fourteenth Day of June, Nineteenth Day of September and Fifteenth Day of December, of the Salaries and Fees and pecuniary Profits which shall have been received or were payable to him in respect of his Office, from the Day to which the lall Account delivered in was made up for the preceding Quarter-aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That in whatever Sum the whole Amount which shall have been received or was payable to any such Mailer of the Rolls as aforesaid in respect of his said Office within the Quarter comprized in any such Account, shall be less than the clear Sum of Eight hundred and seventy five Pounds, the same shall be the Sum to be issued for the Quarter in which the said Account shall be delivered, and shall be computed and ascertained so as to make up the whole of the Salary and pecuniary Profits of such Mailer of the Rolls as aforesaid, to the Quarterly Sum before mentioned; and such Sum shall be issued accordingly as if the Sum so to be ascertained had been specifically mentioned in this Act.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person having such Grant of the Office of Mailer of the Rolls as aforesaid shall die, or resign the fame, then the Executors or Administrators of the Person so dying, or the Person so resigning the fame, shall be entitled to such proportionable Part of the clear Salary and Profits of such Office as aforesaid, as according to the Rates above mentioned shall have accrued during the time that such Person shall have executed such Office as aforesaid; and the proper Officer of the Successor of every such Person shall, on such of the said Days appointed for delivering in such Accounts as aforesaid which shall be immediately subsequent to every such Death or Resignation, or as soon after as conveniently may be, deliver in such Account as is herein-before required to be delivered, signed by such Successor and also by his Predecessor in case of Resignation, or the Executors or Administrators of such Predecessor deceased, as the Case may be; and such Successor and his Predecessor in case of Resignation, and the Executors and Administrators of such Predecessor in case of Death, shall be respectively entitled to and receive such Proportionable Part of such Sum, as upon such Account shall be due and payable by virtue of this Act as aforesaid; and in case such Person so dying or resigning shall have received, during such Part of the Quarter in which such Person shall die or resign, more than a proportionable Part of the clear Salary and Profits of his Office, according to the time during which such Person shall have executed the fame, every such Person so resigning, and the Executors or Administrators of the Person so dying, shall pay to the Successor of every such Person, so much as the Sums shall exceed the Sums to which such Person so dying or resigning shall be entitled according to the Rates aforesaid.

A.D. 1801.

C. 25—28.

35

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

VII. And be it enacted, That the Successor of every such Per- Successors to son so dying or resigning shall be entitled to have and receive from rereive Salaries all Persons whatsoever, such Salaries and Profits as shall arise and De.ath °5 become due from the Death or Resignation of his Predecessor in the their?Pre-0 ° Office of such Master of the Rolls aforesaid, in like manner as if decessors.

his Grant or Patent had borne Date the Day next subsequent to the Day of the Death or Resignation of his Predecessor.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the Master of the Rolls so to be Master of the appointed shall and may have Power and Authority to appoint a R?1,s may aP-proper and sufficient Officer to execute such Part of the Duties of P01111 a deputy, the said Office as have been heretofore performed by Deputy, such provedthe^ Officer first to be approved by the Lord Chancellor, or Lord Lord Chancellor. Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal

of Ireland respectively, for the time being, by Instrument under the Hand and Seal of such Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners respectively.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it maybe His Majesty may

lawful for His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to remove any remove any Master of the Rolls upon an Address of both Houses of Parliament of tlle

of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Addrdlfof Par-

[S'alaryfurther augmented under Provisions of this 55 3. lament.

Cm 114*]

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for reviving and further continuing, until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, several Acts made in the Thirty eighth, Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, and in the last Session of Parliament, for empowering His Majesty to secureand detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspebl are conspiring against his Person and Government.

[18th 1801.]

[Stat. 41 G. 3. ( G.B.) c. 32., continuing 38 G. 3. c. 36., 39 G. 3. c. 44. and 39 and 40 G. 3. c. 20. but now

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money for the Service of Great Britain, to be raised by a Lottery.

[30 th 1801.]

[Amended, 42 G.3. c. 6., but now J

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Timber, Sugar, Raisins, and Pepper, imported into, and on Lead exported from, Great Britain.

[30th April 1801.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

6 WT ^our Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's publick Expences, and making a permanent Addition to the publick Revenue, have freely and voluntarily re-< solved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several Duties of Customs after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech Your

D Majesty

3G

C. 28.

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

A.D. 1801.

Additional Duties on Importation of Goods enumerated in Table A, and also on Exportation of Goods described in Table B.

Duties on Sugar by 38 G. 3. c. 76 lepealed.

Additional Drawback allowed on Exportation of Sugar herein described

Additional Dravvhackallovv-ed on Exportation of refined Sugar in the Loaf, herein described.

‘ Majesty that it may be enacted And be it enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of May One thousand eight hundred and one, there shall be raised, levied, colletfted and paid, throughout, unto

His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in ready Money, without any Discount whatever, upon the Importation into that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Great

from Foreign Parts, of the several and respective Goods, Wares and Merchandize, enumerated and described in the Schedule and Table hereunto annexed, marked (A), and also upon the Exportation from Great Britain to foreign Parts, of the Goods, Wares and Merchandize, described in the Schedule and Table hereunto annexed, marked (B), the several Duties of Customs as the same are respectively inserted and set forth in Figures in the said Schedules and Tables hereunto annexed, respectively marked A, B, and so in that Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity; all which Duties shall be over and above all other Duties which are now due and payable, by Law, on any of the said Goods, Wares, and Merchandize respectively.

44 Duties shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively, $ 2.

III. And Whereas it is expedient that the Duties on the Import ation of Sugar, imposed by an Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, amongst other Things,

for the better Protection of the Trade of this Kingdom, and for granting new and additional Duties on Goods imported, should be repealed Be it therefore enacted, That the said Duties, so far as the same relate to Sugar imported, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed, save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering or paying any Arrears thereof, which may remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any time before the said First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and one.

IV. And be it further enacted, That for all refined Sugar called Bastard, and ground or powdered Sugar, and refined Loaf Sugar

broke in Pieces, and all Sugar called, which shall be made

from Sugar of the British Plantations, which shall have been imported into Great Britain after the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and one, and on which the Duty by this Act imposed shall have been paid, there shall be allowed on Exportation to foreign Parts out of the said United Kingdom, of every Hundred Weight thereof, containing One hundred and twelve Pounds, within the time limited by Law, to the Exporter thereof, a Drawback of one Shilling and Ten pence, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity of such Sugars respectively, over and above all other Drawbacks or Bounties allowed for the fame by Law, on and immediately before the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and one.

V. And be it further enacted, That for all refined Sugar in the Loaf, the whole being Nett, which shall be made from Sugar of the British Plantations which shall have been imported into Great Britain after the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and one, and on which the Duty imposed by this Act shall have been paid, there shall be allowed on Exportation to foreign Parts out of the said United Kingdom, of every hundred Weight thereof, containing

One

A.D. 1801.

C. 28.

37

41° GEO. III. (

One hundred and twelve Pounds, within the time limited by Law, to the Exporter thereof, a Drawback of Three Shillings, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity of such Sugar, over and above all other Drawbacks or Bounties allowed for the fame by Law, on and immediately before the First Day of One thousand eight hundred and one.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties of Cuf- Duties and toms granted by this Act, and the Drawbacks allowed, shall and Drawbacks paid may be respectively managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered and allowed, in such and the like manner, 3. c. 13.

and in and by any and either of the Ways, Means or Methods, by except where which the Duties of Customs imposed, and the Drawbacks allowed on altered by any the like Goods, by an Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the subsequent Act. Reign of His present Majesty, amongst other Things, for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered and allowed, except as far as the fame have been altered by any Act passed subsequent to the passing of the said Act; and the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, Goods fuhjedi so by this Act respectively made chargeable with Duties of Customs, to Regulations or entitled to Drawbacks on Exportation, shall be, and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regu- this Act &c° lations, Rules, Restrictions and Forfeitures, to which the like Goods,

Wares or Merchandize, were subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force, on and immediately before the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and one, and all and every Pain,

Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture, for any Offence whatever, committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament, in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, or relating thereto, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained shall, and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised and put in Execution for and in respect of the several Duties of Customs, and Drawbacks of Customs, hereby respectively charged and allowed,

(as far as the same are applicable thereto,) in as full and ample a manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

(t Duties shall be paid into the Exchequer, and carried to the Consolidated Fund, § 7. Application of the Duties, § 8. i( under $ 1 o. of c. 8. of this Session.] Act may be altered or re-6i pealed this Session, $ 9.

TABLE A. GOODS IMPORTED.

Pepper, Raisins, Sugar and Wood.

TABLE B. GOODS EXPORTED.

Lead.

[Schedule(A) as to Box Wood imported repealed, 42 G. 3. c. 24.]

§ 4.; andfee as to Drawback of the whole of the Duties of this Act on Sugar imported, 51 G. 3. c> 13. § 2. Bat all preceding Duties and Drawbacks made to cease,49 G.3. r. 98. $1. 59 3. 52.

I. and other Duties imposed, '1'ablesA> and that Ad.'}

SB

C. 29—32.

41° GEO. III. A.D. 1801.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for granting an additional Duty on Spirits imported into Scotland, and for allowing, until Forty Days after the Commencement of the next Selhon of Parliament, the Distillation of Spirits in Scotland, from Melasses or Sugar, at a lower Rate of Duty.

[30th April 1801.]

fDuties made to cease, and other 43 3. c. 69.

§ 1. and fee Sch. A. of that AB tit. Spirits. rejl of this

AB is expired.']

CAP. XXX.

EXP. An Act to revive and continue, until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Selhon of Parliament, an Act, made Stat. 36 G.3. in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, c‘ 8. intituled An Act for the more effectually preventing seditious

Meetings and Assemblies.

[30th April 1801.]

CAP. XXXI.

Stat. 41G. 3. An Act to revive and continue, until the Fifth Day of July One (G.B.)c. 6, thousand eight hundred and one, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An for the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and one, the time of keeping in, for, Barley damaged by Rain in the last Harvest.

[30th April 1001.]

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty several Sums of Money for defraying the Charge of certain permanent Services in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland.

[30th 1801.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, being desirous of making a permanent

Provision, for the several Services herein after mentioned, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant to Your Majesty, the several Sums of Money herein after expressed; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted And be it enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

The Treasury the fame, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord High of Ireland may Treasurer and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer, or the Commis-from time to sioners of His Majesty's Treasury, of that Part of the United King-time issue for dom capeci Ireland, now or for the time being, or any three or hereTnetprested mt>re of them, from time to time, by Warrant or Warrants under not exceeding, ? his or their Hands, to order and direct any Sum or Sums of Money in One Year, not exceeding, in one Year, the Sums herein after mentioned, to be

issued

C. 32.

A.D. 1801. 41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

39

issued and paid for the several Purposes herein after expressed; that the Sums here-is to say, inafter mentioned, viz.

To the French Conformist Minister of the United Congregation at Patrick’s, Dublin

To the French Minister at Cork To the French Minister at Lijhurn To the French Minister at Dundalk To the French Minister at To the French Minister at Waterford To the French Minister at lington -

To the Minister of the Congregation of German Protestants in Dublin

To the Ordinary or Chaplain to the new Prison in Dublin for visiting the Sick Prisoners in the several Prisons in Dublin -

To the Rector of the Parish of Saint Paul in Dublin for attending the Sick in the Barracks of Dublin

To the Chaplain attending the Prisoners in the Four Courts Marshalsea in Dublin -

To the Chaplain of the Garrison of Charlemont -

To the Under Library Keeper of Marsh’s Library at Saint Patrick’s, Dublin -

To the Vicar of Cajllenock, in lieu of Tithe and Glebe Land in the Phoenix Park near Dublin -

To the Minister of Saint James’s Parish, Dublin, for the like Purpose

To the Vicar of Saint Andrew’s Pari fh, in Dublin, in lieu of Minister’s Money for Houses and Grounds where the Parliament House stands

To the Rector of Mi chan’s Pa-

rish, Dublin, for Minister’s Money for Houses where the Courts of Justice are built -

To the Archbishop of Dublin for Proxies out of divers Churches belonging to the late Monasteries of Saint Thomas, Saint Mary, and John of

Jerusalem, in the See of Dublin

To the Bishop of Meath out of the Manor of Trim

To the Dean and Chapter and Vicars Choral of Christ Church, Dublin,

ENGLISH.

IRISH.

£. s. d. sF- s d.

:38 9 3 150 0 0

92 6 2 100 0 0

55 7 60 0 0

55 7 SI- 60 0 0

55 7 81 60 0 0

46 3 1 50 0 0

46 3 1 50 0 0

46 3 1 50 0 0

18 9 3 20 0 0

73 5 2? 79 7 3i-

48 16 10 52 l8 2

39 1 6 42 6 7

27 13 10I 30 0 0

46 16 11 50 15 a

it 1 6 1200

37 17 6 41 0 7*

9 10 3 10 6 2

16 17 4 18 5 6

3 9 2 3 *5

43 *3 47 6 8

To

i

40

a 32

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

A.D. 1801.

The above Sums payable out of Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

Auditor of the Exchequer to <s Debentures Payment.

in the New Prison,

To the local Commissioners

Vallancey, after the Rate of Shillings per Day, during the shall be employed in the Milita vey of Ireland (#)

good their Loss of Emolument To the Lord Mayor and Cit Dublin -

To the Provost and Fellows o

College, Dublin

To the said Provost and Fell the Professor of the French and Languages in the said College To the said Provost and Fel the Professor of the Spanish ant Languages in the said College To the Royal Irijlo Acadi Rent of an House

To the Attendant on the ] Observatory

For Rent of Grounds near C fergus Castle

Officers as may be employed in paring Proceedings, and attending to

ENGLISH. IRISH.

s. d. sC- s. d.

184 12 200 0 0

I ! 768 O O I 832 0 0

260 IO Ij 3 > 282 4 Si

333 7 ioi 361 3 6I

- 738 9 3 .» 800 0 0

- 358 16 11 1 388 l5 0

- 92 6 2 r 2 100 0 0

- 92 6 2 r 100 0 0

- 107 13 6 I 116 13 0

- 48 16 10 52 l8 2

14 18 7i 16 3 6

1 2000 0 0 2166 13 4

II. And be it enacted, That the said several Sums shall and may be issuing and payable out of, and charged and chargeable upon, the Consolidated Fund of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such Sum and Sums of Money as hath or have been directed to be paid out of the same, by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, but with Preference to all other Payments which, shall or maybe hereafter charged or chargeable upon the said Fund.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said several and respective Sums, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be paid and payable at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer out of the said Fund, p-urfuant to such Warrant or Warrants as shall be ligned in that Behalf; and the Auditor of the said Receipt shall, and he is hereby

(a)[See 45 G. 3. c, 109.]

enjoined

A.D. 1801.

C. 32—30.

41

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

enjoined and required to make forth and pass Debentures from time to time, for paying the several Sums, which shall be payable by virtue of such Warrant or Warrants, and as the same shall from time to time become due and payable, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; which said Warrants and Debentures to be made forth and parted thereupon respectively, shall be sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the time being, for the Payment of all or any of the Sums of Money herein expressed, or any Part thereof, to, for or towards, the several Purposes herein mentioned, without any further or other Warrant or Warrants to be sued for, had or obtained in that behalf; and the Acquittance or Acquittances, Receipt or Receipts of the Person or Persons, to whom the said Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, shall be payable, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for the Payment thereof; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary not withllan ding.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for repealing certain Duties upon Tea imported into Ireland, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof j and for granting additional Duties on Sugar and Coals imported into Ireland.

[30th April 1801.]

[ Repealed44 G. 3. c. 26. i.j]

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for granting Bounties on the Importation into Ireland of Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats and Indian Corn, and of Barley, Rye, Oats, Indian Meal and Wheaten Flour and Rice. ( a) [30th 180J.J

(a) [ Untilfirst Day of 0Bober iBci.]

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for encreasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

[30th 1801.]

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act for enabling the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to prohibit for a limited time, so as such Prohibition shall not endure beyond the Expiration of Six Weeks from the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, and of all Provisions whatsoever; and to permit for such limited time the Importation into Ireland of Corn and Fish, and all Provisions whatsoever, without Payment of Duty; and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted for the Service of the Public, in advising or carrying into Execution

certain

EXP.

EXP,

EXP.

42

C. 36, 37,38. 41° GEO. III. A.D. 1801.

certain Proclamations of the Lord Lieutenant and Council of

Ireland.

[2ift May 1801.]

fi Continued as therein mentioned, 44 G. 3. c. 12.— 46 G. 3. 29.

10. —48 G. 3. c. 27. and Sedio I — 3. relating to Exportation

of Corn and Importation of Prov, continued till March

1811, hut the whole Alt now J

EXP.

39 40 G.3. c. 106.

So much of the first Schedule of the recited A as relates to the Forms of Conviction, repealed, and instead thereof the Forms hereto annexed to be tiled.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for making Provision for the Entry and Return Voyages of certain Ships (a) which may import Rice or other Grain from the East Indie, and to authorize the Importation of Rice or other Grain into, in Ships coming

directly from the East Indies.

[21st May 1801.]

(a) [ Having cleared out from any Port in the East Indies on or before the if September 1801.]

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act to amend so much of an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal an Act passed in the last of

Parliament, intituled,4 An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen,’ and to substitute other Provisions in lieu thereof; as relates to the Forms of Convictions therein referred to.

[21ft 1801.]

WHEREAS Eoubts have arisen as to certain Forms of ConVV viction prescribed in a Schedule (£) to an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled, An Act to repeal an Act passed in the last Session of liament, intituled, An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of WorkmenPand to fubfitute other Provisions in lieu thereof: And

Whereas it is expedient that those Doubts should be removed For Remedy whereof, be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said Schedule to the said Act annexed, as contains the Form intituled, Form of Conviction and Commitment, in the said Schedule; and also as contains the Form intituled, Form of Conviction in a pecuniary Penalty, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and that instead and in lieu thereof, the Schedule to this Act annexed, and the Forms therein contained, shall be severally used, applied and construed in like manner as if the said Forms were specially enacted in the said recited Act, and that the said Schedule to this Act annexed, and the Forms therein contained, shall be deemed and taken to be a Part of the Schedule to the said recited Act; and that all the Provisions of the said Act, and the References therein contained to the said Schedule to the said recited Act, and the Two several Forms therein contained and hereby

(b) [See Note at the End of the Schedules to 39 & 40 G. 3. c. 106.

of Raithby’j Edition of the Statutes.^]

repealed,

A.D. 180J.

C. 38, 39.

43

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

repealed, shall be applied, construed, deemed and taken to refer to the Schedule to this Act annexed, and to the Forms therein contained, and be extended to and construed in like manner as if the fame had been enacted in the said Act.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

FORM of Conviction Commitment.

T)E it remembered, That on the Day of

in the Year of His Majesty's Reign, and in the Year of our Lord

A.B. is convicted before us, [ nami the Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, [or Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place,] of of having

[fating the Offence,] contrary to the Statute made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal an ACty possed in the last Session of

liament, intituled An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Work-

menyand to substitute other Provisio in lieu thereof; and we the said Justices do hereby order and adjudge the said A.B. for the said Offence, to be committed to and confined in the Common Gaol for the said County, [or Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place,] for the Space of [or to be committed to

the House of Correction at ,] within the said County,

[or Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place,] there to be kept to hard Labour for the Space of

Given under our Hands, the Day and Year above written.

FORM of Conviction in a pecuniary

BE it remembered, That on [purfuin the fame, as far as the

Title of the said recited Act~\; and we the said Justices do hereby adjudge and determine the said A.B. for the said Offence to forfeit and lose the Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be distributed as the said Act directs.

Given under [as before~\.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for the more effectually preventing the Forgery of Bank Notes, Bank Bills of Exchange, and Bank Poll Bills.

[21st May 1801.]

WHEREAS the Forgery of Bank Notes, Bank Bills of Exchange, and Bank Poll Bills, hath of late very much in-

created in this Kingdom; and, as well for the Prevention thereof,

as also to facilitate the Detection of the same, the Governor and

Company of the Bank of England have procured to be made, for the Purpose of being used in the future Issue of Bank Notes, Bank

Bills of Exchange and Bank Poll Bills, a new Paper of a differ-

ent Manufacture from that formerly used either by the said Governor and Company, or any other Person or Persons in this Kingdom, in the Issue of Promissory Notes or Bills of Exchange; c in which new Paper, instead of the Bar Lines being straight and

parallel to each other, as in the Paper heretofore used, the same are

curved

44

C. 39.

A.D. 1801.

Uulefs authorized by the Bank of England, making or using, or having in his Custody, any Frame or Instrument for making Paper of the kind herein described, or making, using or publishing,

&c. such Paper, or causing the Amount of Bank Note, &c. to appear in the Substance of the Paper whereon the fame Shall be written or printed, &c.; or assisting in l'o doing;

Punishment.

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

6 curved or waiving, and the laying Wire Lines are also formed in a waived or curved Shape, and the numerical Amount or Sum of each Bank Note, Bank Bill of Exchange, and Bank Post Bill, 4 expressed in a Word or Words, in Roman Letters, is made to appear visible in the Substance of the Paper: And Whereas it is expedient, for the better Prevention of the Forgery of Bank Notes, 4 Bank Bills of Exchange, and Bank Poll Bills, that the said Governor and Company should have the exclusive Privilege and Authority of using, in the Issue of their Notes and Bills, the Paper herein-before described Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and one, if any Person or Persons (other than the Officers, Workmen, Servants or Agents for the time being, of the said Governor and Company, to be authorized and appointed for that Purpose by the said Governor and Company, and for the Use of the said Governor and Company only) shall make or use, or cause or procure to be made or used, or knowingly aid or affill in the making or using, or (without being authorized or appointed as aforesaid) shall knowingly have in his, her or their Custody or Possession (without lawful Excuse, the Proof whereof shall lie upon the Person accused) any Frame, Mould or Instrument, for the making of Paper with curved or waiving Bar Lines, or with the laying Wire Lines thereof in a waiving or curved Shape, or with any Number, Sum or Amount, expressed in a Word or Words, in Roman Letters, visible in the Substance of such Paper; or shall manufacture, make, use, vend, expose to Sale, publish or dispose of, or cause or procure to be manufactured, made, used, vended, exposed to Sale, publiftied or disposed of, or aid or affill in the manufacturing, making, using, vending, expoling to Sale, publishing or disposing of, or (without being authorized or appointed as aforesaid,) shall knowingly have in his, her or their Custody or Possession, any Paper whatsoever with curved or waiving Bar Lines, or with the laying Wire Lines thereof in a waiving or curved Shape, or having any Number, Sum or Amount, expressed in a Word or Words, in Roman Letters, appearing visible in the Substance of such Paper; or if any Person or Persons (except as before excepted) after the said Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and one, shall, by any Art, Myllery or Contrivance, cause or procure the numerical Sum or Amount of any Bank Note, Bank Bill of Exchange, or Bank Post Biff Blank Bank Note, Blank Bank Bill of Exchange or Blank Bank Poll Bill, in a Word or Words to appear visible in the Substance of the Paper whereon the same shall be written or printed; or shall knowingly aid or affill in causing the numerical Sum or Amount of any Bank Note, Bank Bill of Exchange or Bank Post Bill, Blank Bank Note, Blank Bank Bill of Exchange or Blank Bank Post Bill, in a Word or Words, in Roman Letters, to appear visible in the Sub-itance of the Paper whereon the same shall be written or printed; every Person or Persons so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, and being convicted thereof according to Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall be transported for the Term of Fourteen Years.

A.D. 1801.

C. 39.

45

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall not extend, or be construed to extend to restrain or render illegal the Negociation, Circulation, or Reissuing of any Bill or Bills of Exchange, Promissory Note or Promissory Notes, which have already lawfully been issued, negociated or circulated, or which shall or may be now lawfully reissued, negociated or circulated, before the first Day of November One thousand eight hundred and one, notwithstanding the same shall be written or printed upon Paper, which by this Act is prohibited from being manufactured, made, used, vended, exposed to Sale, published or disposed of, except by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to restrain any Person or Persons from issuing or negociating any Bill or Bills of Exchange, Promissory Note or Promissory Notes, having the Sum or Amount thereof expressed in Guineas, or in a Numerical Figure or Figures denominating the Sum or Amount thereof in Pounds Sterling, appearing visible in the Substance of the Paper upon which the same shall be written or printed, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall restrain or prevent any Person or Persons from making, using, vending, exposing to Sale, publishing or disposing of any Paper, having waiving or curved Lines, or any other Devices in the Nature of Water Marks, visible in the Substance of the Paper, not being Bar Lines, or laying Wire Lines, provided the same are not contrived in such manner as to form the Ground Work or Texture of the Paper, or to imitate or resemble the waiving or curved laying Wire Lines, or Bar Lines of the said new Paper of the Governor and Company of the Bank of, or to imitate or

resemble the Water Marks used by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in the Bank Notes, Bank Bills of Exchange, and Bank Poll Bills, issued by the said Governor and Company, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the passing of this Act, purchase or receive from any other Person or Persons, any forged or counterfeited Bank Note, Bank Bill of Exchange, Bank Post Bill or Blank Bank Note, Blank Bank Bill of Exchange or Blank Bank Post Bill, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited; or shall knowingly or wittingly have in his, her or their Possession or Custody, or in his, her or their Dwelling House, Out House, Lodgings or Apartments, any forged or counterfeited Bank Note, Bank Bill of Exchange, Bank Post Bill or Blank Bank Note, Blank Bank Bill of Exchange or Blank Bank Post Bill, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited (without lawful Excuse, the Proof whereof shall lie upon the Person accused) every Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof convicted according to Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall be transported for the Term of Fourteen Years.

VI. And Whereas the Laws now in Force do not inflict a fuf- ficient Punishment upon Offenders concerned in Engraving Plates

and

Proviso for Negotiation, &c. of Bills of Exchange, See. already lawfully issued or reissued before Nov. i, i&'o r, although written on such Paper;

and for issuing Bills, &c. with Amount expressed in Guineas or Pounds Sterling in Figures appearing in the Paper;

and for making or using, Sec. Paper with Devices in the Nature of Water Marks, so as they do not resemble the Water Marks, c. used by the Bank.

Knowingly receiving or having in Possession any forged Bank Note, Sec. or Blank Bank Note, &c.

Pun i (li merit.

46

C. 39, 40.

A.D. 1801.

Engraving, Sic. Bank Note, &c, or Blank Bank Note, &c. or using Plate so engraved, or any Device for making or printing any i'uch Bank Note, &c. without the Authority of the Bank; or knowingly having in their Custody such Plate or Device, or uttering loch Bank Notes, Sec.

Punishment.

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

and printing Blank Forms for Bank Notes, Bank Bills of Exchange, and Bank Poll Bills, for the Purpose of being made use of in perpetrating the Crime of Forgery p For Remedy whereof, be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, from and after the passing of this Act, shall engrave, cut, etch, ferape or by any other Means or Device make, or shall cause or procure to be engraved, cut, etched, feraped or by any other Means or Device made, or shall knowingly aid or affill in the engraving, cutting, etching, feraping, or by any other Means or Device making, in or upon any Plate of Copper, Brass, Steel, Pewter, or of any other Metal or Mixture of Metals, or upon any Wood, or any other Materials, or any Plate whatsoever, any Bank Note, Bank Bill of Exchange, Bank Poll Bill or Blank Bank Note, Blank Bank Bill of Exchange or Blank Bank Poll Bill, or Part of a Bank Note, Bank Bill of Exchange or Bank Poll Bill, purporting to be the Note or Bill of Exchange or Bank Poll Bill, or Blank Bank Note or Blank Bank Bill of Exchange, or Blank Bank Poll Bill, or Part of the Note or Bill of Exchange or Bank Poll Bill of the Governor and Company of the Bank of, without an Authority

in Writing for that Purpose from the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or shall use any such Plate so engraved, cut, etched, feraped or by any other Means or Device make, or shall use any other Instrument or Device for the making or printing any such Bank Note, Bank Bill of Exchange or Bank Poll Bill, or Blank Bank Note or Blank Bank Bill of Exchange, or Blank Bank Poll Bill, or Part of a Bank Note or Bank Bill of Exchange or Bank Poll Bill, without such Authority in Writing as aforesaid; or if any Person or Persons shall, after the passing of this Act, without such Authority as aforesaid, knowingly have in his, her or their Custody any such Plate, Instrument or Device, or shall without such Authority as aforesaid knowingly and wilfully utter, publish, dispose of, or put away, any such Bank Note, Bank Bill of Exchange, Bank Poll Bill, Blank Bank Note, Blank Bank Bill of Exchange or Blank Bank Poll Bill, or Part of such Bank Note, Bank Bill of Exchange or Bank Poll Bill, every Person so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, and being convicted thereof according to Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall be transported for the Term of seven Years. \_See 45 G.3. c. 89.

CAP. XL.

An Act to permit Persons in Holy Orders to keep one Horse only for the Purpose of Riding, without being subject to the Duty granted by an Act of the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, under certain Limitations.

[21st May 1801.]

[Repealed 43 G.3. c. 161* § 84*]

A.D. 1801.

41° GEO. III. C. 41, 42.

47

CAP. XLI.

An Act for allowing, until the Twentieth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and one, the Importation into Ireland of British and Foreign Flops at a like Duty as is payable in Great Britain for the same.

[2ift May iBoi.]

CAP. XLII.

An Act to exempt Elephant Oil sold by Auction in Great Britain from the Duty imposed on such Sales.

[21 ft May 1801.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties

in lieu thereof, an Excise Duty was charged for and upon all Sales,

by Way of Auttion in Great Bri, of any Goods or Chattels, 4 according to the respective Rates therein expressed: And Whereas by another Act passed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to exempt Whale, and other Articles therein mentioned, and sold by Auction in Great Britain, from the Duty imposed on such, it was, among other Things, enacted, that all Whale Oil, Whale Bone, Ambergris,

and Head Matter, and all Skins of Seals, and other Animals living in the Sea, should be free of the said Duty on the first Sale

thereof by Auction in Great Brit, by or for the Account of the Original Importer to whom the fame were consigned, and by

whom they were entered at the Custom House at the Port of Importation, so as such Sale should be made within Twelve Months after such Goods should be imported, and by some Person duly licensed to exercise the Trade or Business of an Auctioneer: And Whereas it is expedient that further Exemption from the said Duty should be made in favour of Oil made or produced from certain Amphibious Animals called Sea, or Sea, and which

was commonly called or known by the name of Elephant, which is not now exempted from the same j* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, all Oil made or produced from Amphibious Animals called Sea Cows or Sea, and which is commonly called or known by the name of Elephant, shall be free of the said Duty on the first Sale thereof by Auction in Great Britain, by or for the Account of the Original Importer, to

whom the same shall be consigned, and by whom the same shall be entered at the Custom House at the Port of Importation, so as such Sale be made within Twelve Months after such Oil shall be imported, and by some Person duly licensed to exercise the Trade or Business of an Auctioneer.

EXP.

27 G. 3 c. 13.

[§ 3*> 36. ar|d

Schedule F.j

32 G.3. c. 41.

Elephant Oil exempted from Auction Duty-on the First Sale, by the original Importer, if made by a licensed Auctioneer within Twelve Months after Importation.

48

C. 43, 44, 45.

41° GEO. III. A.D. 1801.

EXP.

39 & 40 G. 3. c. 48.

32 G 3 c. 43.

EXP.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in England, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and one.

[21st May 1801.]

CAP. XLIV.

An Act for reviving, continuing until the Twentieth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, and amending an Act made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal the Duties on Sugar and Coffee, granted by an

AEl pajffed in the Thirty ninth Tear of

Reign, for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused; for reviving so much of an Act made in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the ascertaining the Average Price of Sugar, and regulating the Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation and

allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported, the Tenth

Day of May One thousand eight hundred and

[20th June 1801.]

[This AH continued as to warehousing Britifto Plantation Sugar till 2yth Day of March 1807, 44 C. 3. c. 36. but now J

CAP. XLV.

An Act to continue until the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and two, several Laws passed in the Parliament of Ireland, relating to the regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade, and securing the Duties payable on Tobacco; to the collecting and securing the Duties upon Malt; to the securing the Duties on Auctions and Glass Bottles, and on Paper printed, painted, or stained to serve for Flangings; to the regulating the Trade of rectifying Spirits and preventing Frauds by Rectifiers; to the further Improvement of the Fisheries on the Coasts of to the better

Collection of the Duties on tanned Hides and Skins, and on Vellum and Parchment; to the better regulating the granting of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance of ex-cifeable Goods; to the regulating the Payment of Bounties on the Exportation of certain Manufactures; to the better securing the Duties on Licences to Persons engaged in certain Trades; to the better regulating the Collection of His Majesty's Revenue, and preventing Frauds therein; and to revive and continue until the said Twenty ninth Day of September, an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the

Thirteenth

A.D. 1801.

C. 45.

49

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of His present Majesty's Reign for granting Annuities in manner therein provided.

[20th iBoi.]

CAP. XLVI.

An Ato render valid all Acts done in Execution of Three several Orders of His Majesty in Council relating to Bills of Exchange drawn by Persons in, and to Freight of

RuJJiaj Swedish and DaniJJj Ships.

[20th June i8or.]

WHEREAS His Majesty, by Order in Council, bearing date the Sixteenth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and one, was pleased to order that no Bills drawn since the Tenth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and one, by or on behalf of any Persons being Subjects of, or residing within the Dominions of the Emperor of Ruf, should be accepted or paid, 4 without Licence from one of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, first had in that behalf, until further Signification of His Majesty's Pleasure, or until Provision should be made in respect thereof by Act of Parliament: And Whereas His Majesty was pleased by another Order in Council, bearing Date the Twenty eighth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and one, to order that no Person residing within His Majesty's Dominions should presume to pay any Money or Bills due or payable to or on behalf of any Person or Persons being Subjects or residing within the Dominions of the Emperor of Russia, or of the Kings of Den~

mark or Sweden, or any of them, for the Freight of Merchandize imported in any Rujfian, Swedjh or Ship, which should be

detained under Embargo, or which should thereafter be brought into any of the Ports of His Majesty's Dominions, until his Majesty's Pleasure should be further known, or until other Provision shall be made by Law: And Whereas His Majesty was, by another Order in Council, bearing Date the Seventeenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and one, pleased to order that the Marshal of the High Court of Admiralty, or his Deputy, should and might receive all Monies due for the Freight of Goods brought by any RuJJian, Swedish or Danijlo Ship detained as aforesaid, and also further to order that no Goods should thenceforth be delivered out of any Rujfian, SwedJIo or DanJI.) Ship detained as aforesaid,

until the Freight should be paid to the said Marshal, or his Deputy

and that all Monies received for Freight as aforesaid, by the said Marshal, or his Deputy, should forthwith be paid by him into the Bank of England, in his own Name, and in that of the Deputy Marshal, there to remain until His Majesty's Pleasure should be further known, or until other Provision be made by Law in respect thereto: And Whereas Actions have been and may be brought against Persons acting in Obedience to the said Orders, in withholding the Payment of Bills and Monies, and other Demands, and in respect of Monies paid to the said Marshal and Deputy Marshal:

And Whereas it is expedient for the Publick Service that Acts done and to be done in Obedience to such Orders, should be fandfioned by the Authority of Parliament, and the Persons obeying the fame 41 Geo. III. ( U.K.) E " 4 should

Orders in Council of Jan. 16,

Jan. a8.

and March 17, 1801, relating to Bills of Exchange drawn in Russia, and to Freight of Ruffian, Svved-i(h and Danish Ships.

50

C. 46.

A.D. 1801.

Adlrons against any Persons for Obedience to such Orders made void, and Defendants may plead the General Issue.

Doable Costs.

Defendants may apply to the Court to ft.iy Proceedings, who shall make Order accordingly, and award double Costs.

4lo GEO. III. (U.K.)

should be protected and indemnified j’ Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Personal Actions, or Suits, or Informations, and all Prosecutions and Proceedings whatsoever which have been or shall be prosecuted or commenced against any Person or Persons for or by reason of any Act, matter or thing done or forborne to be done in relation to any of such Bills as are therein described, or any Freight not being paid, or of any Contract or Agreement not performed by reason or Means of or in Obedience to such Orders, be, are and shall be discharged and made void by virtue of this Act; and that if any Action or Suit shall be prosecuted or commenced against any Person or Persons for or by Reason of any such Act, matter or thing so advised, commanded, appointed or done, or forborne to be done, or any such Bill or Freight not paid, or such Contract or Agreement not performed, he, she or they may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any Action or Stitt so to be prosecuted or commenced after the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and one, in that part of Great Britain called and in, shall become Nonsuit, or forbear further Prosecution, or suffer Discontinuance, or if a Verdict pass against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover his, her or their double Costs, for which he, she or they shall have the like Remedy as in Cases where Costs by Law are given to the Defendant; and if any such Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted after the said First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and one, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Court, before whom such Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted, shall allow to the Defender the Benefit of Discharge and Indemnity hereby provided, and shall further allow to him his Double Costs of Suit in all such Cases as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit hath been already commenced against any Person or Persons for any such Act, matter or thing so done or forborne to be done, on Account of any such Bill or Freight not paid, or Contract or Agreement not performed, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendants or Defenders in such Actions or Suits respectively, in whatever Courts in Great Britain or Ireland such Actions or Suits shall have been commenced, to apply to such Court or Courts respectively, to flay all Proceedings therein respectively by Motion in a summary Way; and such Court or Courts are hereby required to make Order for that Purpose accordingly; and the Court or Courts making such Order shall award and allow to the Defendant or Defendants respectively double Costs of Suit, for which they shall respectively have the like Remedy as in Cases where the Costs are by Law given to the Defendants or Defenders.

A.D. 1801. 41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

C. 4 7—51

51

CAP. XLVII.

An Act to amend and continue until the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and two, an Act passed in Ireland in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the Trade of a and for securing the Duties payable on Home-made Spirits.

[20 th June 1801.]

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act to continue until the twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and two, and amend the several Laws in Ireland to regulate the issuing of Licences for the Sale of Wine, Ale, Beer, Cider and Spirituous Liquors by Retail, and for preventing the immoderate Use of Spirituous Liquors.

[20 th June 1801.]

[This Act continued by various Acts, but repealed 45 G. 3. c. 50.]

CAP. XLIX.

An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments in Ireland according to Law.

[20th June 1801.]

CAP. L.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money for defraying the Charge of the Workhouse and Foundling Hospital m Dublin, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and one; and for amending an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, A?i Act for the better

Support and Maintenance of the Foundling Hospital in Dublin j and for amending and further continuing an, passed in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majestys 6 An Act for the better Management of the Workhouse and Foundling Hospital in Dublin/ [20th 1801.]

[Repealed5 c G.3. cxcii.]

CAP. LI.

An Act to permit Portugal Wine to be landed and warehoused without Payment of Duties, under certain Restrictions, for a limited time.

[20th 1801.]

[Wine imported allowed to remain in Twelve Months

after the Period specified in this Act, 44 G. 3. c. 14. § 1. But this Act is now expired.3

EXP.

52

C. 52.

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

A.D. 1801.

39 & .40 G. 3. c. 67.

Art. I.

Art. 3.

Persons disabled from fitting in Britishi Parliaments disabled from fitting in United Parliament as Members for G. B.

Persons disabled from fitting in Irish Parliaments, disabled from fitting for Ireland.

Persons disabled by British Statutes, not hereby enabled to fit for Ireland; nor k contra.

CAP. LII.

An Act for declaring what Persons shall be disabled from fitting and voting in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland;and also for carrying into EfTeril, Part of the Fourth Article of the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, by providing in what Cases Persons holding Offices or Places of Profit under the Crown of, shall be in-

capable of being Members of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the said United Kingdom.

[20th June 1801.]

WHEREAS by an Aril, made in the Session of Parliament

held in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of

His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, it was amongst other things provided, That

‘ the said Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland should, upon the First Day of January in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and one, and for ever after, be united into one Kingdom

by the Name of The United Kingdom Great Britain and Ireland and that the said United Kingdom should be represented in one and the fame Parliament, to be stiled Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland: And Whereas it is expedient fully to declare in what Cases Persons are and shall be

disabled from, or incapable of, fitting and voting in the House of Commons of the said Parliament of the said United Kingdom Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament of the said United Kingdom assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Arif, all Persons disabled from or incapable- of being elerited, or fitting and voting in the House of Commons of any Parliament of Great shall be

disabled from and be incapable of being elerifed, or fitting and voting in the House of Commons of any Parliament of the United Kingdom, as Knights, Citizens, or Burgesses, for any County, Stewartry, City, Borough, Cinque Port, Town or Place, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Aril, all Persons disabled from or incapable of being eleriled, or fitting and voting in the House of Commons of any Parliament of

Ireland shall be disabled from and be incapable of being eleriled or fitting and voting in the House of Commons of any Parliament of the United Kingdom, as Knights, Citizens, or Burgesses, for any County, City, Borough, Town or Place, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland.

III. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Aril shall be con-

strued to enable Persons, heretofore disabled by any Aril of the Parliament of Great Britain from fitting and voting in the House of Commons of Great Britain, to fit or vote in the House of Commons of the said Parliament of the said United Kingdom, as Knights, Citizens or Burgesses for any County, City, Borough, Town or Place in that Part of the United Kingdom called nor to

enable Persons, heretofore disabled by any Arils of the Parliament of Ireland from fitting and voting in the House of Commons of -

lands

A.D. 1801.

C.

53

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

land, to fit or vote in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the said United Kingdom, as Knights, Citizens or Burgesses, for any County, Stewartry, City, Borough, Cinque Port, Town or Place, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain.

IV. And Whereas by the said Act for the Union of Great Bri- 39 & 4°" G* 3*

‘ tain and Ireland, it was amongst other things provided that Art. 4,

‘ until an Act shall have passed in the Parliament of the United Kingdom, providing in what Cases Persons holding Offices- or

Places of Profit under the Crown of Ireland shall be incapable;

of being Members of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom, no greater Number of Members than twenty holding

such Offices or Places as aforesaid, shall be capable of fitting in

the said House of Commons of the United Kingdom Be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the Dissolution or Persons who other Determination of this present Parliament, no Person or Persons hold certain who shall by himself or his Deputy, or any other in Trust for him, i^adCeyf"bj^j’ or for his Benefit, take, hold, enjoy or execute, or continue to hold, fit(;^ngein enjoy or execute, any of the Offices, Employments or Places of any future p3r_ Profit herein after mentioned, in or for that Part of the United liament of the Kingdom called Ireland, shall be capable of being elected or chosen United King-;

a Member of, or of fitting or voting as- a Member of the House of v'z" Commons of any Parliament of the said United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in any Parliament which shall hereafter be summoned and holden; (that is to say,)

No Person who shall be Commissioner of Customs, Excise or Commissioners Stamps, or who shall be concerned, directly or indirectly, in the of Customs, &c.-farming, collecting or managing any of the Sums of Money, Duties or other Aids heretofore granted, or which shall hereafter be granted by any Act of Parliament to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors Except Trea-(except the Commissioners of the Treasury and their Secretary): ^ur7*

Nor any Person who shall be a Commissioner for determining Ap- Commissioners; peals concerning the said Duties of Customs, Excise or Stamps, or of Appeals, for controuling or auditing the Account of the said Duties (except the Auditor General of the Exchequer)

Nor any Person who shall be a Commissioner of Imprest Accounts

Nor any Agent for any Regiment:

Nor any Person who shall directly or indirectly, himself, or by any Person whatsoever in Trust for him, or for his Use or benefit, or on his Account, undertake, execute, hold or enjoy, or continue to execute, hold or enjoy in the Whole or in Part, any Contract, Agreement or Commission made or entered into under or from the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, or with any One or more of such Commissioners, or with any other Person or Persons whomsoever, for or on Account of the public Service in Ireland; or who shall knowingly and willingly furnifti or provide, in pursuance of any such Agreement, Contract or Commission which he or they shall have made or entered into as aforesaid, any Money to be remitted abroad, or any Wares or Merchandize to be used or employed in the Service of the Public, during the time that he shall execute, hold or enjoy any such Contract, Agreement or Commission, or any Part or Share thereof, or any Benefit or Employment arising from the same ^except Persons who shall be Members of any incorporated Except Mem-Trading Company now existing or established in Ireland, and consisting of more than Ten Persons, so far as relates to any Contract,

Commissioners of Accounts. Army Agents. Contractors.

C. 52

A.D. 1801.

b4

Deputies or Clerks in certain Offices.

Persons holding new Places under the Lord Lieutenant shall in future be disabled.

33 G-3* c-4i-(! )

Disabled Persons prefunrmig to fit in Parliament shall incur the Penalties under former British or IrilTi A as.

Or if disabled under this Act,

[Penalty.]

41° GEO. III. (

Agreement or Commission, which now is or shall or may hereafter be made, entered into, or accepted by such Company in its Corporate Capacity, for the general benefit of such Incorporation or Company)

Nor any Deputies or Clerks in any of the several Offices following; that is to say, the Office of Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of the Treasury; (except the Secretary of the Treasury ;) or of the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, or of the Tellers of the Exchequer, or of the Chancellor of the Exchequer; (except the Secretary of the Chancellor of the Exchequer ;) or of the Commissioners of Stamps, or of the Commissioners of Appeals.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Dissolution

or other Determination of this present Parliament, no Person who shall have in his own Name, or in the Name of any Person or Persons in Trull for him or his Benefit, any Office or Place of Profit, from or by the Nomination or Appointment, or by any Appointment subject to the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant, Lord Deputy, Lord Justices or other Chief Governor or Governors of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, created or erected at any time after the passing of an Act of the Parliament of, in the

Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for securing the Freedom and Independence of the House of

Commons,ly excluding therefrom Persons holding any Offices under the Crown to he hereafter created, or holding certain Offices therein

merated\or Pensions for Terms of, or during His Majesty’s

Pleasure, shall be capable of being elected or chosen a Member of, or of fitting or voting as a Member of the House of Commons of any Parliament of the said United Kingdom of Great Britain and

in any Parliament which shall hereafter be summoned and holden.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person hereby declared to be disabled from, or rendered incapable of fitting or voting in the House of Commons, shall nevertheless be elected or returned as a Member to serve in Parliament for any County, Stewartry, City, Borough, Cinque Port, Town or Place, in any Part of the said United Kingdom, such Election or Return are hereby enacted and declared to be void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and if any Person or Persons so hereafter elected or returned, and declared to be disabled or to be rendered incapable by this Act to be elected, shall presume to fit or vote as a Member of the said House of Commons, such Person or Persons so fitting or voting shall incur such Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are inflicted or imposed by the several Acts of Parliament, heretofore passed in Great Britain, or Ireland for disabling or incapacitating such Persons from fitting in the Parliaments of Great Britain or Ireland respectively; and if such Person or Persons shall be disabled or incapacitated by the having, holding or accepting of any Office, Employment, or Place of Profit, in this Act enumerated and particularized, then and in such Case such Person or Persons so fitting or voting,shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds for every Day in which he shall lit or vote in the said House; to be recovered by such Person as shall sue for the fame in any Court of Record in any Part of the said United Kingdom, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed, and only one Imparlance.

A.D. 1801. 41° GEO. III. (17. AT.) C. 52,53. S5

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled and declared, Provisofora That nothing in this Act shall, during the Continuance of this present Parliament, extend or be construed to extend or relate to, or luchOffices

shall exclude or disable any Person or Persons holding Offices or or"t>iaceSj dur-

Places of Profit under the Crown of Irelandfo nevertheless, that ing this Parlia.

no greater Number than Twenty of the Persons holding such Offices ment;

or Places as aforesaid, shall be capable of fitting in the said House of

Commons; and so that no Person holding any such Office or Place

shall be capable of being elected, or of fitting in the said House, while

there are Twenty Persons holding such Offices or Places fitting in the said House.

VIII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, and for Offices That nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to exclude any he,<j for Life or Person having or holding any Office, Place or Employment for Life,. j*ur!ng g0° e" or for so long as he shall behave himself well in his Office (other in cenain C^fes. than and except the Commissioners of Imprest Accounts, and all

Persons concerned in the managing, collecting or farming of any Sums of Money, Duties or other Aids granted or to be granted to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors); any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. Provided always, That if any Person being chosen a Member Member ac-of the House of Commons shall, from and after the passing of this cepting any Ad, accept of any Office of Profit whatever, immediately and di- Office whatever redly from the Crown of the said United Kingdom, or by the No- j)r0LoW\4eu-, mination or Appointment or by any other Appointment subject tenant, &c. of to the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant, Lord Deputy, Lord Ireland, to Justices or other Chief Governor or Governors of that Part of the vacate his Seat said United Kingdom called Ireland, his Seat shall thereupon become

vacant, and a Writ shall issue for a new Election: Provided nevertheless, that such Person (if he be not incapacitated by anything herein-before contained) shall be capable of being again elected to be a Member of the House of Commons for the Place for which he had been a Member, or for any other Place fending Members to the House of Commons.

[This Section explained 54 G. 3. c. 16. $ I. Offices taken to be new Offices according to this Alt 57 G. 3. 62. $ IO.J

CAP. LIII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Year of King James the First, as prohibits the Use of Hides in making Boots and Shoes, and for better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof.

[20th June 1801.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that certain Provisions of an Act, 39 & 40 G. 1-

passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign c' § 2,4

of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the second Tear of King James the, as prohibits

the Use of Horse Hides in making Boots and, and for better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof should be explained and amended Be it therefore enacted

E 4? by

56

C. 53.

A.D. 1801.

Mayors, may appoint proper Places for examining Raw Hides, whether within Cities, &c. or not.

So much of § 3. and § 14. of recited Act as requires the Recommendation oflnfpeft-ors, and the Approbation of the Distribution of Penalties to be by Six Tanners, &c. repealed.

Shoemakers, c. may be joined with Tanners, &c. for those Purposes.

No Recommendation of Inspector, nor Approbation in relation to penalties good, unless Three Tanners, &c. join.

Limitation of Fines imposed by § 4. of recited Act, for

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for any Mayor, or other Person or Persons authorized by the said recited Act, to choose and appoint any proper Place or Places for the examining and inspecting Raw Hides and Skins under the Provisions of the said recited Act, to choose and appoint any Place or Places within any District ascertained and fixed under the said recited Act or this Act, whether such Place or Places shall be within any City, Town Corporate, Borough or Market Town, or not; any thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as requires that any Recommendation of any Person or Persons as proper to be appointed Inspector or Inspectors under the said recited Act, or any Approbation or Consent in relation to the Distribution of the Produce of any Penalties, to be by fix or more Persons, being either Tanners, Curriers or other Persons manufacturing or dealing in the Manufactory of Leather, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed; and that, from and after the First Day of

August One thousand eight hundred and one, it shall be lawful for any Shoemakers, Sadlers or other Persons working or dealing in Leather, not being Journeymen or Apprentices, or Persons working with or for any Shoemaker or Worker in Leather for Hire, and who shall be then residing and carrying on such Trade or Bufinef9 within any City, Liberty, Borough or Market Town, or the District thereof respectively, and who shall, in manner directed by the said recited Act, have delivered in Writing their respective Names and Places of Abode, and Occupations in working or dealing in Leather, to join with any Tanners, Skinners, Curriers or other Persons manufacturing of Leather, and authorized to recommend any Person or Persons as proper to be appointed Inspectors under the said recited Act, in the recommending Persons proper to be appointed Inspector or Inspectors of Raw Hides and Skins in any Place or Places under the said recited Act, and also to join in the giving any Consent or Approbation in relation to the Distribution of any Penalties in manner by the said recited Act directed; any thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, That no Recommendation of any. Persons proper to be appointed Inspectors under the said recited Act or this Act, shall be good or of any avail, unless three Tanners, Skinners, Curriers or other Persons manufacturing.Leather, at the least, shall join in such Recommendation; nor shall any such Consent or Approbation of any Shoemaker, Sadler, or other Person working or dealing in Leather as aforesaid, in relation to any such Penalties, be taken or be good or of any Avail, unless three at the least of the Tanners, Skinners, Curriers, or other Persons manufacturing of Leather, within any such District as aforesaid, shall join in such Consent or Approbation.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and one, no Fine or Penalty by the said recited Act imposed for the wilful or negligent or careless cutting, gashing or flawing any Raw Hide, or Skin of

any

A.D. 1801.

C. 53.

57

41° GEO. III.

any Ox, Bull, Cow, Heifer, Steer or Stirk, in the Flaying thereof, or flaying the fame below the Knee or Gambrell, shall exceed the Sum of Five Shillings, and no Fine or Penalty by the said recited Act imposed for the wilful or negligent or careless cutting, gafiling, or flawing any Raw Hide or Skin of any Calf, in the Flaying thereof, or flaying the fame below the Knee or Gambrell, shall exceed the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no Fine or Penalty by the said recited Act imposed, for the wilful or negligent or careless cutting, gashing or flawing any Raw Hide or Skin of any Horse, Mare or Gelding, in the Flaying thereof, shall exceed the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence; any thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided always and be it enacted, That, from and after the

First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and one, no Butcher,

or other Person shall be liable to any of the Penalties or Forfeitures by the said recited Act or this Act imposed, for the Flaying of any Hide of any Ox, Bull, Cow, Heifer, Steer, Stirk, or Calf below the Knee or Gambrell, in any Case where such Hide shall not be flayed more than two Inches below the Knee or Gambrell of any such Ox, Bull, Cow, Heifer, Steer, Stirk or Calf j any thing in the said recited Act or this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the First Day

of August One thousand eight hundred and one, every Butcher or

other Person required by the said recited Act to bring any Raw Hides or Skins to any Place appointed by the said recited Act for the examining or inspecting Raw Hides and Skins in pursuance of the said recited Act, shall bring every such Raw Hide or Skin to such Place in manner by the said recited Act prescribed, within Ten Days from the time of flaying thereof; and if any such Butcher or other Person shall wilfully neglect or omit to bring any such Raw Hide or Skin to such Place, within such Period as aforesaid, he shall be subject to and shall forfeit and pay the Penalties and Forfeitures by the said recited Act imposed on Persons wilfully neglecting or omitting to bring Raw Hides or Skins to any such Place, pursuant to the Provi lions of the said recited Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and one, so much of the said recited Act as relates to the Distribution of the Whole of any Penalty or Forfeiture, or Penalties or Forfeitures, by the said recited Act inflicted and imposed, to any such Inspector or Inspectors, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and that, from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and one, in lieu and in head thereof, One Half only of all such the Penalties and Forfeitures as are by the said recited Act given to any Inspector or Inspectors, shall go and be paid to the Inspector or Inspectors intitled thereto; and the other Half thereof shall go and be applied for the better carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, in manner by the said recited Act directed: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent the rewarding any Inspector or Inspectors, in manner by the said recited Act directed, with any Proportion of such other half Part of such Penalty or Penalties, or any Sum of Money arising therefrom.

wilfully or carelessly cutting Ra»v Hides, &c.

Persons not liable to Penalty for flaying of Hides not more thin Two Inches below the Knee.

Raw Hides to be brought for Examination within Ten Days from being flayed.

[Penalty.]

§ 8. of recited AO, which gives the Whole Penalty to In-speOors re- pealed.

How Penalties distributed.

Proviso for reward to Inspectors, as by 39, and 40 G. 3. c. 66.

58

C. 53.

A.D. 1801.

Limitation of Information for galhing Raw Hides, and for other Offences.

Recited Act and this shall extend to Raw Hides flayed in Great Britain, as herein mentioned.

Magistrates may summon Witnesses though not within their Jurisdiction;

Witnesses net appearing,

[Penalty.]

How far obliged to travel.

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and one, every Information made under the said recited Act for wilfully, negligently or carelessly cutting, flawing or gashing any Raw Hide or Skin, shall be made under the said recited Act and this Act, within Three Days after such Raw Hide or Skin, in respect whereof any such Information shall be made, shall have been inspected; and that it shall be lawful for any Inspector or other Person to lay any other Information for any other Offence committed against the said recited Act or this Act, at any time within Fourteen Days after any such Offence shall be committed; any thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and one, all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Regulations, matters, and things, in the said recited Act and this Act contained, relating to the examining and inspecting any Raw Hides or Skins, shall extend and be construed to extend and be put in force as to all Raw Hides and Skins flayed in Great Britain, that shall be brought or found within the Limits of any District ascertained under the said recited Act, without Reference to whether any such Hides or Skins shall have been flayed within the Limits of any such District or not.

X. And be it further enacted, That if it shall be made out by the Oath of any credible Person or Persons, to the Satisfaction of any Magistrate or Magistrates, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, that any Person, whether living within or out of the Jurisdiction of such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, is likely to give or offer material Evidence on behalf of the Prosecutor of any Offender or Offenders against the true Intent and Meaning of the said recited Act or this Act, or on behalf of the Person or Persons accused, and will not voluntarily appear before such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, to be examined and give his, her or their Evidence concerning the Premises, every such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, is and are hereby authorized and required to issue his or their Summons to convene every such Witness and Witnesses, before any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, at such seasonable time as in such Summons shall be fixed, although such Person shall not at the time of such Summons be within the Jurisdiction of such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices; and if any Person so summoned shall neglect or refuse to appear at the time by such Summons appointed, having no just Excuse to offer for such Neglect or Refusal, he or she shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Forty Shillings, to be recovered as any other Penalty may be recovered under the said recited Act or this Act, and be applied towards carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act: Provided always, that no Person shall be obliged to travel by reason of such Summons more than Six Miles.

[See43 G.3. £. cvi.]

A.D. 1801. 41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

C. 54.

59

CAP. LIV.

An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of One thousand eight hundred and two, an Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle Many and for improving the Revenue thereof*, and also to repeal and amend certain of the Provisions of the said Act.

[20th June 1801.]

£ 1i WHEREAS a Report has been made, in consequence of a Commission from His Majesty for the Purpose of obtaining

Information, respecting the Isle of Man: And Whereas for the Purpose of carrying into Execution some of the Regulations therein

recommended, until such Report could be more fully considered,

an Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the further Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man, for improving the Revenue thereof and for the more Prevention of Smuggling

to and from the said Island; which is now about to expire: And Whereas it is expedient, that until Parliament can take the said Report under their Consideration, further temporary Encouragement and Relief should be continued to the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Many as well as Regulations made for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling to and from the said Island; and for that Purpose the said recited Act should be continued and amended Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and one, the said recited Act, and all the Clauses, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures, matters and things, therein contained, shall be, and the same are hereby continued until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and two, as if the said Clauses, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, matters and things, were severally and separately re-enacted in this Act j save and except as any such Clauses, Provisions, Regulations, matters and things are repealed or amended by this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as limits the Collector and Comptroller of Douglas in the said Island from receiving Applications for Importation of licensed Goods from others than the Inhabitants thereof, and which requires the said Collector and Comptroller to transmit to the Commissioners of Customs a Copy of the Entries of the said Applications, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and that from and after the passing of this Act, and during the Continuance thereof, it shall and maybe lawful for any of His Majesty's Subjects to make Application in Writing to the Collector and Comptroller of Douglas for the Importation into the said Island of the several Articles allowed by Law to be imported by virtue of Licence, on complying with the Terms and Conditions specified in the said recited Act ;and the said Collector and Comptroller shall make out and transmit a Copy of such Applications to the Governor

or

38 G.3. c. 63.

Continued till July j, 1802, except where hereby altered.

§ 10. of recited Act repealed.

The Collect or, &c. of Douglas may receive Applications for Importation of licensed Goods.

To transmit a Copy of such

60

C. 54.

A.D. 1801.

Applications, to the Governor, &c.

Duty of Governor thereon as to allotting the goods.

Commissioners of the Customs authorized by Treasury, to grant Licences for such Importation accordingly.

Treasury may allow Prize Spirits and Wine to be imported.

Bond taken by Collector, &c, of Douglas, from Persons licensed, in the manner herein dire£ied.

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

or Lieutenant Governor of the said Island for the time being, specifying therein the Applicants resident and the Applicants not resident in the said Island, and such Governor or Lieutenant Governor shall thereupon allot the whole Quantities of each Article, in respect whereof such Application shall be made, in the first Place among the Applicants resident in the said Island; and in case the Whole of such Quantities shall not have been applied for by Residents, then the Residue among the Non Resident Applicants, in such Proportions as he shall judge most fair and equitable; and shall cause a Report thereon to be drawn up in Writing, and sign and transmit the same to the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the time being; and thereupon it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, to issue their Orders to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland respectively to grant Licences (to continue in force for any Period not exceeding Twelve Months from the Fifth Day of July next ensuing the passing of this Act), for the Importation of the several Articles and Quantities thereof, allowed by Law to be imported into the Isle of Man; which Licences the said respective Commissioners of Customs are hereby authorized and required to grant for such Periods as shall be specified or allowed in any such Order, and to divide any Quantity of any Articles, in respect whereof any Application shall have been made, into Two or more Licences to the same Person, where Application shall be made for that Purpose, and the same shall appear to be expedient; and such Licences shall without Delay be transmitted to the Collector and Comptroller of Doug, for the Purpose of taking Bond as is herein after directed, previous to the Delivery thereof to the different Applicants, any Act or Acts to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, to allow Prize Spirits and Wine to be imported into the said Island from Great, in Whole or in

Part of the Quantities of the said Articles which are allowed to be imported by Licence as aforesaid; any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That previous to delivering any Licences to the Persons who have applied for the fame, the Collector and Comptroller of Douglas shall take their Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, with sufficient Security for the Importation of such Articles, in respect whereof the said Licences are granted,

on or before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and two, with such Condition for the Forfeiture of any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the whole Amount of the Duties on the Articles specified in the said Licences, as the respective Commissioners of Customs, under any Directions from the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit; and on the Refusal or Delay, such Persons applying for Licences as aforesaid to give Bond as herein directed, the said Collector and Comptroller shall return such Licence to the Commissioners of Customs, who transmitted the fame, and thereupon the said Collector and Comptroller shall give publick Notice thereof, in order that other Persons may apply for Licences in lieu of any such Licences

A.D. 1801.

61

41° GEO. III. (U.KC. 54-57.'"

cences returned as aforesaid, and Applications may be made, and Licences granted thereon, in like manner as is in this Act directed for the first granting of Licences; any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

[See45 G.3. c. 99.]

CAP. LV.

An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of EXP. March One thousand eight hundred and two, so much of an Act made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants of Militia, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament, and to amend the said Act.

[20th June 1801.]

CAP. LVI.

An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern EXP. Officers of the Militia in time of Peace.

[20th June 1801.]

CAP. LVII.

An Act for the better Prevention of the Forgery of the Notes and Bills of Exchange of Persons carrying on the Business of Bankers.

[20th June 1801.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to prevent the Crime of Forgery

in all Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and

Ireland Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons, Making or using in any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and, an7 Frame or from and after the Tenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred ^or

and one, shall make or cause or procure to be made, or knowingly ^ei^fdefcrfbed aid or assist in the making or using, of any Frame, Mould or Part without a written of any Frame or Mould, for the making of Paper, with the Name or Authority for Firm appearing visible in the Substance of the Paper, of any Person that Purpose, or or Persons, Body Corporate or other Banking Company or Part- raa^in2;or vend-nership carrying on the Business of Bankers, without an Authority such*

in Writing for that Purpose from such Person or Persons, Body Name or Firm Corporate or other Banking Company or Partnership, or from some to appear in the Person or Persons duly authorized to give such Authority; or shall Substance of the manufacture, make, vend, expose to sale, publish or dispose of, or Paper-

cause or procure to be manufactured, made, vended, or exposed to Sale, published or disposed of, any Paper having the Name or Firm, appearing visible in the Substance of the Paper, of any Person or Persons, Body Corporate or other Banking Company or Partnership whatsoever carrying on the Business of Bankers; or if any Person or Persons>without such Authority, shall, by any Art, Means, Mystery or Contrivance, cause or procure, or shall knowingly aid or assist in causing or procuring the Name or Firm of any Person or Persons,

Body Corporate or other Banking Company or Partnership carrying on the Business of Bankers, to appear visible in the Substance of the

Paper

62

C. 57.

A.D. 1801.

First Offence.

Second Offence.

Engraving, &c. Bill or Note of Banker, or using Plate so engraved, or Device for making or printing Inch Bill or Note, or knowingly having such Plate, &c. or uttering such Bill, &c.

First Offence. Second Offence.

Engraving, &c. on a Plate any Subscriptions subjoined to any Bill or Note, payable to Bearer on Demand, or having any such Plate.

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

Paper whereon the same shall be written or printed, every Person or Persons so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, and being convicted thereof according to Law, shall for the first Offence be imprisoned for any time not exceeding Two Years nor less than Six Months, and for the second Offence be transported to any of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations for the Term of seven Years.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, in

any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and from and after the said Tenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and one, shall engrave, cut, etch, scrape or by any other Means or Device make, or shall cause or procure to be engraved, cut, etched, scraped or by any other Means or Device made, or shall knowingly aid or assist in the engraving, cutting, etching, scraping or by any other Means or Device making, in or upon any Plate whatsoever, any Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note or other Note for the Payment of Money, or Part of any Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note or other Note for the Payment of Money, purporting to be the Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note or other Note for the Payment of Money, of any Person or Persons, Body Corporate, Banking Company or Partnership carrying on the Business of Bankers, without an Authority in Writing for that Purpose from such Person or Persons, Body Corporate, Banking Company or Partnership, or some Person or Persons duly authorized to give such Authority; or shall use any such Plate so engraved, cut, etched, scraped or by any other Means or Device made, or shall use any other Device for the making or printing any such Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note or other Note for the Payment of Money, without such Authority in Writing as aforesaid; or if any Person or Persons shall, after the said Tenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and one, without such Authority as aforesaid, knowingly have in his, her or their Custody, any such Plate or Device, or shall, without such Authority as aforesaid, knowingly and wilfully publish, dispose of or put away any such Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note or other Note for the Payment of Money, or Part of such Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note gx other Note for the Payment of Money; every Person so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, and being convicted thereof according to Law, shall, for the first Offence, be imprisoned for any time not exceeding Two Years nor less than Six Months, and for the second Offence be transported to any of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations for the Term of Seven Years.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons in

any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and, from

and after the Tenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and one, shall engrave, cut or etch, or by any other Means or Contrivance trace with a Hair Stroke or other Mode of Delineation, on any Plate whatsoever, any of the Subscriptions subjoined to any Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note or other Note for the Payment of Money, of any Person or Persons, Body Corporate or other Banking Company or Partnership carrying on the Business of Bankers, to be payable to Bearer on Demand, or shall have in his, her or their Pof-, session any Plate with the Hair Strokes or other Delineation of any Subscription traced thereon, subjoined to any Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note or other Note for the Payment of Money, purporting to be the Bill of Exchange and Promissory Note, or other

Note

A.D. 1801.

C. 57, 58, 59.

63

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

Note for the Payment of Money, of any Person or Persons, Body Corporate or other Banking Company or Partnership carrying on the Business of Bankers, and to be payable to the Bearer on Demand, and shall not be able to prove that such Plate came into his, her or their Possession without his, her or their Knowledge or Consent, every Person so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, and being convicted thereof according to Law, shall for the first Offence be imprisoned for any time not exceeding Three Years nor less than Twelve Months, and for the Second Offence be transported to any of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations for the Term of Seven Years.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and two, additional Stamp Duties in Ireland, on Bonds, Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes, and on certain Insurances therein mentioned; and for the Relief of Persons in holding

obligatory Instruments, called Kerry, which have been

executed without being duly damped.

[20th June i8ot.]

[Continued until 2 yth March 1803, 42 3. 31. § j. but now

expired

CAP. LIX.

An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Lady Abercromby Baroness Abercromby of, and the two next

Persons to whom the Title of Baron Abercromby shall de-fcend, in Consideration of the eminent Merits of the late Right Honourable General Sir Ralph Abercromby.

[20th June 1801.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS Your Majesty, by Your most Gracious Message to Your most faithful Commons, has been pleased to

declare, that Your Majesty having taken into Your Royal Confi-

deration the eminent and signal Merits of the late Right Honourable General Sir Ralph Abercromby, Knight of the most Honour-

able Order of the Bath, during a long Life spent in the Service of his Country, and terminated by a glorious Death, Your Majesty ( was desirous to bestow some considerable and lading Mark of Your

Royal Favour, as a Testimony of Your Majesty's Regard to that

distinguished Officer; and for this Purpose to give and grant unto

£ his Relict Lady Abercromby Baroness and to

the two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Sir

Ralph Abercromby to whom the Title of Baron shall

*descend for and during their Lives, a nett Annuity of Two thousand

Pounds per Annum }but Your Majesty, not having it in Your

Power to grant an Annuity to that Amount, or to extend the ' Effect of the said Grant beyond the Term of Your Majesty's Own

Life, recommended it to Your faithful Commons, to consider of a

proper Method of enabling Your Majesty to grant the fame, and of

‘ extending, securing and settling such Annuity to the said Lady Abercromby, and to the Two next Persons on whom the Title of

Baron

First Offence. Second Offence.

64

C. 51).

A.D. 1801.

An Annuity of 2000l. per Annum settled on Lady Aber-cromby and the Two next succeeding Heirs Male of Sir Ralph Abercromby, on whom the Title of Baron Aber-cromby stall defeend, to commence from March 21, l8oi, and to be paid Quarterly.

Annuity paid at the Exchequer without Fees.

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

Baron Abercromby of Aboukir shall defeend, in such manner as

should be thought most effectual for the Benefit of the said Lady

Abercromby, and the Family of the said Sir Ralph Abercromby

( We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, duly confi-

dering Your Majesty's most Gracious Intention, do most humbly

beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted And be it enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That one Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum of Two thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, shall be ilfuing and payable out of, and charged and chargeable upon, the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, (after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon, or payable out of, the said Fund); and the same shall from time to time be paid quarterly, free and clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, in manner and form following; that is to say, To the said Lady Abercromby, lor and during the natural Life of the said Lady

Abercromby, and from and after her Decease, unto the Two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Sir Ralph Abercromby on whom the Title, Honour and Dignity of Baron Abercromby shall defeend, for and during their natural Lives; which said Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum, shall commence and take Effedlfrom the Twenty first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and one, the first Payment to be computed from the said Twenty first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and one, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and one; and from thenceforth shall be paid and payable at the Four usual Days of Payment in the Year; that is to say, the Tenth Day of 0Bober, the Fifth Day of, the Fifth Day of Aprils and the Fifth Day of, in each and every Year by even and equal Portions.

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury now being, and the High Treasurer and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer, and Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the time being, to make forth and pass Debentures, from time to time, for paying the said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum of Two thousand Pounds, in manner as aforesaid, and as the fame shall, from time to time, become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the fame, or any Part thereof; which said Warrant and the Debentures to be made forth, and passed thereupon, shall be a sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the time being, for the Payment of the said Annuity, or yearly Rent or Sum, to the said Lady Abercromby, and the Two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Sir Ralph Abercromby on whom the said Title shall defeend, at the respective Quarterly Feast Days in this Act before appointed for Payment thereof, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained, in that Behalf.

A.D. 1801.

C. 59.

65

41° GEO. III. (U. \JL)

III. And it is hereby further enacted, That after signing of such Warrant, the same shall be good, valid and effectual in Law, according to the Purport and true meaning thereof, and of this Act, and shall not be determinable or revocable by or upon the Demise of His Majesty, (whom God long preserve!,) or any of His Heirs or Successors, or by or upon the Death or Removal of any of the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, or by or upon the Determination of the Power, Office or Offices of them, or any of them.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the Treasury now being, and the High Treasurer of the Treasury for the time being, Chancellor and Under Treasurer, Chamberlains and Barons of the Exchequer, and all other the Officers and Ministers of the Court of Exchequer, and of the Receipt thereof, now and for the time being, shall, and they are hereby authorized and strictly enjoined and required to do, without Fee or Reward, all such Acts, matters and things, as are herein-before directed and required, or shall be necessary to be done and performed by them, or any or either of them, in order to render this Act, and the several Payments hereby directed, effectual.

V. And be it enacted, That the Acquittance or Acquittances,

Receipt or Receipts of the said Lady, and the two next

succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Sir Ralph

on whom the said Title shall descend, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for the Payment of the said Annuity or yearly Sum, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for or obtained in that behalf; and that the said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum, and every Part thereof, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Impositions, and other Charges whatsoever: And in case any of the Officers of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer shall refuse or neglect to pay the said Annuity or yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof, according to the true Intent and meaning of this Act, or to do any Act necessary to enable the said Lady Abercromby, and the two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Sir Ralph

whom the said Title, Honour and Dignity of Baron Abercromby shall descend, to receive the same, then the said Lady, and the two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Sir Ralph Abercromby, on whom the said Title shall descend, may, from time to time, sue, prosecute and implead such Officers, or any of them, their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, by Bill, Plaint or Action of Debt, and shall and may recover Judgment, and sue out Executions thereupon, again!! such Officers respectively, their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, for so much of such Sum or Sums of Money, then due and owing upon the said Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part, thereof, as shall have been in the Hands of the Officer or Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, at the time or times when Demands shall have been legally made of the Payipent of the said Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, or for the Refusal or Neglect to do any Act necessary to be done by such Officer or Officers respectively.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Annuity, yearly Rent or Sum of Two thousand Pounds, shall be, and the fame is by this Act vested in the said Lady, and the two next

succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Sir Abercromby

41 Geo. III. ( U.K.) F to

Warrant for Payment of Annuity not determinable upon Demise of His Majesty, &c.

T reafury, Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sec. to do all things necessary for Execution of Act without Fees.

Receipt of Lady Abercromby and the Two next succeeding Heirs Male of Sir Ralph Abercromby sufficient Discharge. Annuity Tax Free.

How Annuity recovered.

Annuity not to be aliened or incumbered for a longer Term than during Life of Possessor.

C. 59—62.

A.D. 1801.

41° GEO. III. (

to whom the said Title, Honour and Dignity of Baron Abercromby shall descend; and the fame, or any Part thereof, shall not at any time or times hereafter be aliened, conveyed, disposed, charged or incumbered by the said Lady Abercr, or by either of the two next succeeding Heirs Male of the Body of the said Sir Ralph Abercromby on whom the said Title shall descend, for any greater or larger Estate or time, than during the natural Life of the Person so aliening, conveying, disposing, charging or incumbering the fame, so as to prevent the fame from descending to the next or succeeding Heir Male of the Body of the said Sir Ralph Abercromby to whom the said Title of Baron Abercromby shall descend, according to the Limitation aforesaid.

CAP. LX.

An Act to explain and amend an passed in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

An Act to enable the Lords of His

Treasury to ascertain what Sum shall be paid into His

Exchequer, in full Satisfaction of the Debt due on the Mortgage made by the late John Gardner Kemeys in Trust for the late Right Honourable Richard Rigby, in case it shall appear to the said Lords Commissioners that it will be necessary to resort to the mortgaged Premises, in order to recover the Balance due from the said Richard Rigby to His Majesty.

fzoth June 1801.]

CAP. LXI.

EXP. An Act for further continuing until the 25th Day of March One thousand eight hundred and two, an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for amending and further continuing until the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and, Two Acts passed that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Suppression of the Rebellion which Jlill exists within that Kingdom, and for the Protection of the Persons and Property of His Majestfsfaithful Subjects within the same.

[23d June 1801.]

CAP. LXII.

An Act to exempt from the Payment of certain Duties, such Members of both Houses of Parliament serving for that Part of the United Kingdom called, and such other

Persons herein described, as may have only an occasional Residence in Great Britain.

[23d June 1801.]

‘ YT WHEREAS in consequence of the Union of Great Britain

and Ireland,the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, returned by Rotation or Election to fit and vote on the Part

of Ireland, in the Parliament of the United Kingdom, and other

Persons

A.D. 1801.

C.

6

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

‘ Persons herein after: described, who are or may be ordinarily refi- dent in Ireland may, for the Execution of publick Business, be Te-6 quired to relide in Great Britain during certain Portions of the Year: And Whereas it is just and reasonable that the Duties here- inafter mentioned should not be charged on such Persons during < such Residence May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Persons having ordinarily resided in Ireland before the Commencement of this Session of Parliament, and being Members of either House of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, whether on the Part of or for any Place in Great Britain, and all Persons who shall hereafter be Members of the said Parliament as aforesaid, and who shall have ordinarily resided in Ireland previous to the Commencement of the Session of Parliament in which they shall respectively serve in Parliament; and all Persons having ordinarily resided in Ireland as aforesaid, or who shall hereafter be ordinarily resident therein, and now holding, or who shall hereafter hold Offices, or public Employments in, and are now re-

liding in Great Britain, or who shall hereafter reside in Great

with the Approbation or by the Order or Direction of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Chief Governors of Ireland for the time being, or of his or their Chief Secretary, for the time being, and which shall be certified, under the Hand of the Lord Lieutenant, Chief Governor or Chief Governors, or his or their Chief Secretary, to be therein resident, for the purposes of assisting in the Execution of the public Business, shall be wholly discharged and exempted from the Duties granted by an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An to repeal the Duties imposed by an Act made in the last Session of, for granting an Aid and Contribution for the of the War, and

to make more effectual Provfion for the like, by granting certain Duties upon Income in lieu of the said or any other Act re-

lating to the Duties on Income, so far as the fame may impose or may be construed to impose any Tax or Duty on any Income really and bond fide arising from Property in or from any Office or Employment in Ireland; and also from the Duties granted by an Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty an Aid and Contribution for the Prosecution of the War, which might be chargeable on such Persons by reason of their temporary Residence in Great Britain; and also from all and every the Duties charged or chargeable by another Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the Duties upon Male Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules and Dogs; and for grant-

ing to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof or by any Act passed or to be passed in the present Session of Parliament, for granting an additional Duty on Horses: Provided, That this Act shall not be construed to extend to any Person ordinarily resident in Ireland as aforesaid, being a Member of either House of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, who hath resided or shall reside in Great Britain longer than during the Session of Parliament, and Forty Days before, and Forty Days after such Session: Provided also, that Persons ordlna-narily resident in Ireland, and being Members of Parliament, or holding Offices in Ireland, and being occasionally resident in G. B. exempted from Income Duties under 39 G. 3. c. 13. &c. as relates to Income in Ireland and also from Duties under 38 G. 3. c, 16.; on Servants, &c under 38 G. 3. c. 41.; and on Horses, under c. 9. ante.

Members shall so reside only during the Session, See.and

Placemen with Leave of Lord Lieutenant, &c. the latter giving

68

Notice thereof to the Tax Office.

Commencement of Ait.

What considered as ordinary Residence in Ireland, and how verified.

Perjury.

Priest. or Deacon, or Minister of the Church

C. 62, 63. 41° GEO. III. ( ’.) A.D. 1801.

this Act shall not be construed to extend to any Person ordinarily resident in Ireland as aforesaid, holding an Office or publick Employment in Ireland, unless the Approbation in Writing, with respect to Persons now in Great Britain, or such Order or Direction of the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Chief Governors of Ireland for the time being, or of his or their Chief Secretary for the time being, with respect to Persons who shall hereafter reside, and a Description of the Place of Abode in Great Britain of the Persons respectively holding such Offices or Employments, be delivered into the Office of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes in Somerset Place, within Twenty Days after the passing of this Act with respect to Persons now in Great Britain, or within Thirty Days after the Arrival in Great Britain of such Persons respectively who shall hereafter arrive: Provided also, that this Act, with respect to the Exemptions therein allowed, shall commence from and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and one, upon all Assessments to be made after the said Day.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall for the purposes of this Act be deemed to have been ordinarily resident in Ireland, except he has resided therein for the Space of Six Months in the Year preceding the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and one; nor shall any Person in future be deemed to be ordinarily resident in Ireland, unless he shall reside therein during such Portion of the Year as is not covered by the Privilege herein provided: And for the better ascertaining the Fa6t of such Residence, every Person claiming the Benefit of this Act, shall verify the fame upon Oath (if required) before the Commissioners acting in the Execution of the said several Acts before mentioned, in the District where such Person shall reside, who are hereby empowered to administer an Oath to every such Person for the purpose aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall wilfully give false Evidence, or make any false Oath or Affidavit before the said Commissioners, touching any matter or thing provided for by this Act, shall be prosecuted and indi6ted for the fame, and such Person or Persons being convicted thereof shall be subject and liable to the same Punishments and Disqualifications as Persons are subject and liable to for wilful and corrupt Perjury by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

[See43 G.3. c. 161. § 84.]

CAP. LXIII.

An Act to remove Doubts respecting the Eligibility of Persons in Holy Orders to fit in the House of Commons.

[23d 1801.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to remove Doubts which have

arisen respecting the Eligibility of Persons in Holy Orders to

fit in the House of Commons, and also to make effectual Provision

for excluding them from fitting therein ;* Be it therefore declared and enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Person having been ordained to the Office of Priest or Deacon, or being a Minister of the Church of Scotland,

A.D. 1801. 41° GEO. III. C. 63, 64, 65.

is or shall be capable of being Hefted to serve in Parliament as a Member of the House of Commons.

II. And be it further declared and enacted, That if any Person,

having been ordained to the Office of Priest or Deacon, or being a Minister of the Church of Scotland, shall hereafter be elected to serve in Parliament as aforesaid, such Election and Return shall be void; and that if any Person, being elected to serve in Parliament as a Member of the House of Commons, shall, after his Election, be ordained to the Office of Priest or Deacon, or become a Minister of the Church of Scotland, then and in such Case the Seat of such Person shall immediately become void; and if any such Person shall, in any of, the aforesaid cases, presume to fit or vote as a Member of the House of Commons, he shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds for every Day in which he shall (it or vote in the said House,-to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the fame in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster ;and the Money so forfeited shall be recovered by the Person or Persons so suing, with full Costs of Suit, in any of the said Courts, by any Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in which no Essoign, Privilege, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and every Person against whom any such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be recovered by virtue of this Act, shall be from thenceforth incapable of taking, holding or enjoying any Benefice, Living or Promotion Ecclesiastical, and of taking, holding or enjoying any Office of Honour or Profit under His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to make void any Election of a Person to serve as a Member of the House of Commons, which Election shall have taken place before the passing of this Act.

III. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be liable to any Forfeiture or Penalty inflicted by this Act, unless a Prosecution shall be commenced within Twelve Calendar Months after such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be incurred.

IV. And be it further enacted, That Proof of the Celebration of Divine Service, according to the Rites of the Church of

or of the Church of Scotland, in any Church or Chapel consecrated or set apart for publick Worship, shall be deemed and taken to be prima facie Evidence of the Fast of such Person having been ordained to the Office of a Priest or Deacon, or of his being a Minister of the Church of Scotland, within the Intent and meaning of this Act.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act for the further Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons.

[23d June 1801.]

CAP. LXV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Engla, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt of Great Britain.

[24th June 1801.]

69

of Scotland, not capable of being elected.

Election of such Person void; any Person after Election being ordained Priest, See. to vacate his Seat.

Sitting or voting in either Cafe.

[Penalty.]

Proviso for Elections before passing this Act.

Limitation of Actions.

What Proof shall be prima facie sufficient.

EXP.

70

C. 66.

41° GEO. III. A.D. 1801.

34 G. 3. c. 54.

[continued by

35 G. 3. c. 3 ]

38 G.3. c. 36.

[continued by

39 G.3. c. 15. and c. 44., 39

40 G. 3. c. ao.,

41 G. 3. (G. B.) c. 32.

and c. 26. of this present Session recited.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act for indemnifying such Persons as, once the first Day of February One thousand seven hundred and ninety three, have acted in the apprehending, imprisoning or detaining in Custody, in Great Britain, of Persons suspected of High Treason or Treasonable Practices.

[24th June 1801.]

‘ WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Parliament of Great

V\ Britain, in the Thirty fourth Year of His present Majesty’s

Reign, intituled An Act to impower His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall susped are

his Person and Government, reciting, that a traitorous and deteft-

able Conspiracy had been formed for subverting the existing Laws

and Constitution, and for introducing the System of Anarchy and Confusion which had so fatally prevailed in, it was, for the

better Preservation of His Majesty's sacred Person, and for securing the Peace and the Laws and Liberties of the Kingdom,

enacted, that every Person or Persons who were or should be in

Prison, within the Kingdom of Great, at the tme therein

mentioned, or after, by Warrant signed as therein specified, for High Treason, Suspicion of High Treason, or Treasonable Practices, might be detained in safe Custody as thereby provided; and

that the Act made in Scotland, intituled An Act for preventing wrongous Imprisonment and against undue Belays in, in so

far as the fame might be construed to relate to Cases of Treason and Suspicion of Treason, should be suspended, as therein also provided; which Act was to continue in Force until the First Day of February One thousand seven hundred and ninety five, and was afterwards by a subsequent Act continued until the First Day of July One thousand seven hundred and ninety five: And Whereas by another Act passed in the Parliament of Great, in the

thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, also intituled An Act to empower His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty Jloall Jufped are conspiring against his Person and Government, reciting, that His Majesty's Enemies were

making Preparations, with considerable and increasing Activity, for the Invasion of His Majesty's Dominions, and that these Designs were encouraged by the traitorous Practices of wicked and disaffected Persons within the Realm, it was, for the like Purposes, enacted in like manner as is contained in the said recited Act of the Thirty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign; which

Act of the Thirty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign was to

continue in Force until the First Day of February One thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, and was afterwards, by several subsequent Acts, continued until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament: And Whereas by an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for reviving and further continuing, until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of, several Acts made in

the Thirty eighth, Thirty ninth, and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, and in the last Sejfwn of Parliament for empower-

ing His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall susped are conspiring against his Person and Government, it

14 4 was

A.D. 1801.

c. 66.

71

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

was enabled in like manner as is contained in the said Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign j and which said Act of the present Session of Parliament is to continue in Force until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament: And Whereas in order to secure the internal Peace and Tranquillity of the Country, and to counteract the traitorous Designs in the said Acts recited, it hath been deemed necessary from time to time to apprehend, imprison and detain in Custody in Great, divers Persons suspected

of High Treason or Treasonable Practices: And Whereas in case the Acts and Proceedings of the several Persons employed or concerned in such apprehending, imprisoning and detaining in Custody,

should be called in Question, it would be impossible for them to justify or defend the fame without an open Disclosure of the means by which the said traitorous Designs were discovered; and it is necessary, for the future Prevention of similar Practices, that those Means of Information should remain secret and undisclosed;’ Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all personal Actions, Suits, Indictments, Informations and Prosecutions, heretofore brought, commenced, preferred, exhibited or now depending, or to be hereafter brought, commenced, preferred or exhibited, and all Judgments thereupon obtained, if any such there be, and all Proceedings whatsoever, against any Person or Persons, for or on Account of any Act, matter or thing by him or them done, or commanded, ordered, directed or advised to be done, in Great, since the

First Day of February One thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, for apprehending, imprisoning or detaining in Custody any Person charged with or suspected of High Treason or Treasonable Practices, shall be discharged and made void; and that every Person by whom any such Act, matter or thing shall have been done or commanded, ordered, directed or advised to be done, shall be freed, acquitted, discharged and indemnified as well against The King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as against the Person and Persons so apprehended, imprisoned or detained in Custody, and all and every other Person and Persons whomsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit hath been or shall be brought, commenced or had in any Court within England or Wales, against any Person or Persons, for or on Account of any such Act, matter or thing as aforesaid, he and they may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Nonsuit, or forbear further Prosecution, or suffer a Discontinuance in any such Action or Suit, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein, the Defendant or Defendants shall have and be entitled to double Colts, for which he or they shall have the like Remedy as in other Cases in which Colts by Law are given to Defendants; and if any such Action or Suit hath been or shall be brought, commenced or had, in any Court within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Court before whom or in which such Action or Suit shall be brought, commenced or had, or shall be depending, shall allow to the Defender or Defenders therein, the Benefit

All Actions, &c. already brought or hereafter to He brought for any Act done since Feb. I, 1793, for apprehending or imprisoning any Perl'on charged with High Treason, &c. void, and Persons having done such Act indemnified.

In Action brought in England or Wales,

General Issue.

Double Costs.

If in Scotland, Defenders to have the Benefit of Indemnity.

72

C. 66.

A.D. 1801. 41° GEO. III.

sull Cods.

Application may he made to the Courts where Actions brought, &c. by Parties prosecuted to ftjy Proceedings, &c.

of the Discharge and Indemnity herein-before provided, shall further decern the Puriuer or Pursuers to pay the Defender or Defenders the full and real Expences which he or they shall be put to by such Action or Suit.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Atftion, Suit, Indictment, Information, Prosecution or Proceeding, hath been or shall be brought, commenced, preferred, exhibited or had, in any Court in Great Britain, against any Person or Persons, for or on Account of any such Act, matter or thing as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants, Defender or Defenders, in any such Action, Suit, Indictment, Information, Prosecution or Proceeding, or for any of them, to apply by Motion, Petition or otherwise, in a summary Way, to the Court in which the fame hath been or shall be brought, commenced, preferred, exhibited or had, or shall be depending, if such Court shall be fitting, and if not fitting, then to any One of the Judges or Justices of such Court, to stay all further Proceedings in such Action, Suit, Indictment, Information, Prosecution or Proceeding; and such Court, and any Judge or Justice thereof when the said Court shall not be fitting, is hereby authorized and required to examine the Matter of such Application, and upon Proof by the Oath or Affidavit of the Person or Persons making such Application, or any of them, or other Proof to the Satisfaction of such Court, Judge or Justice, that such Action, Suit, Indictment, Information, Prosecution or Proceeding is brought, commenced, preferred, exhibited or had, for or on Account of any such Act, matter or thing as aforesaid, to make an Order for flaying Execution and all other Proceedings in such Action, Suit, Indictment, Information, Prosecution or Proceeding, in whatever State the same shall or may then be, and although Judgment shall have been entered up of Record, or given, or any Writ of Error or Appeal shall have been brought or made, or shall be depending therein; and the Court, or the Judge or Justice making such Order for Stay of Proceedings in any Action or Suit as aforesaid, shall also order unto the Defendant or Defendants, Defender or Defenders, and he or they shall have and be entitled to double Costs, for all such Proceedings as shall be had or carried on in any such Action or Suit, after the passing of this Act; and for which Costs he and they shall have the like Remedy as in Cases where Costs are by Law given to Defendants or Defenders: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, being a Party or Parties to any such Action, Suit, Indictment, Information, Prosecution or other Proceeding, to apply by Motion, Petition or otherwise, in a summary Way, to the Court in which the same shall have been brought, commenced, preferred, exhibited or had, or shall be depending, to vacate, discharge or set aside, any Order made by any Judge or Justice of that Court for flaying Proceedings, or for Payment of Costs as aforesaid, so as such Application be made within the first Four Days on which such Court shall fit next after the making of any such Order by any Judge or Justice as aforesaid; and such Court is hereby required to examine the Matter of such Application, and to make such Order therein as if the Application had been originally made to the said Court; but nevertheless, in the mean time, and until such Application shall be made to the said Court, and unless the said Court shall think fit to vacate, discharge, set aside or reverse

A.D. 1801.

73

41° GEO. III. (C C. 66,67, 68.

the Order made by any such Judge or Justice as aforesaid, the same shall continue in full Force to all Intents and purposes whatsoever.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act to amend several Acts for raising a Militia Force in Scotland.

[24th June 18o 1.]

[37 G.3. c. 103. 38 G. 3. c. 12. 39 G. 3. cc. 35. 62. The above

Acts are expired, and fee 42 G.3* c. 91.

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act for altering the Laws now in Force, relating to the Importation and Exportation of Copper; for repealing certain Duties and Drawbacks on such Importation and Exportation; and for substituting new Duties and Drawbacks in lieu thereof.

[24th June 1801.]

WHEREAS the Provisions contained in several Acts now in Force, relating to the Exportation and Importation of Copper, from and into the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, have been found inconvenient; And Whereas it is expedient that the Duties and Drawbacks now paid and allowed on such Exportation and Importation should ceale and determine, and that new Duties and Drawbacks should be established in lieu

thereof;’ Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the signing a definitive Treaty of Peace, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to export Copper from any Port or Place within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland to any Port or Place beyond Seas, without any Hindrance or Obstruction from any Person or Persons under any Authority whatsoever; any thing contained in an Act passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An to enable His Majesty to refrain the Exportation of Naval, and more effectually to prevent the Exportation of, Arms and Ammunition

when prohibited by Proclamation or Order in Council; or in another Act passed in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in advising or carrying into Execution an Order of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury respecting the Exportation of Pot Afjes or Pearl Ashes, for preventing Suits in Consequence

of the fame, for authorizing His Ma to prohibit the Exportation

or carrying C oafwife of Pot Ashes or Pearl, and for making

further Provisions relating thereto ;or in any other Act or Acts now in Force to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That until the signing such Treaty as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, by Proclamation or Order in Council, when he shall see Cause, and for such time as may be therein expressed, prohibit the Exportation of all Copper capable of being converted into a Naval Store, from any Port or Place within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to any Port or Place within the Limits of Europe: Provided always,

After the figti-ing a definitive Treaty of Peace, Copper may be exported, notwithstanding the Acts of

33 G-3' c.a. or

34 G. 3. c. 34.

Until signing such Treaty His Majesty, by Proclamation or Order in Council, may prohibit Exportation to any Part of Europe of Copper

*74

C. 68.

A.D. 1801.

capable of being converted into a Naval Store.

Duties now payable on Importation of un-wrought Copper and Drawbacks on Exportation to cease from Dec. i, 1801.;

and from that Day until the signing of such Treaty, there shall be levied the Duties let forth in the Schedule.

Duties to be under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs in England and Scotland respectively.

Duties ascertained and recovered, as any other Duties of Customs, &c.

41° GEO. III.

always, that no such Proclamation or Order in Council shall be of any Force to prohibit or obstruct the Exportation thereof from any Port or Place within the said United Kingdom to any Port or Place without the Limits of Europe ;any thing contained in such Proclamation or Order, or in either of the said Acts so pa(fed as aforesaid in the Thirty third and Thirty fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Duties now payable on the Importation of Copper unwrought, Copper Bricks,

Rose Copper, Copper Coin, and all Cad Copper, into any Port or Place within Great Britain, and the Drawbacks now allowed on the Exportation of such Copper from any Port or Place within Great Britain, shall, from and after the First Day of December One thousand eight hundred and one, cease and be no longer payable; and that certain other Duties and Drawbacks herein after particularly mentioned, shall be paid and allowed, during the Term and subject to the Limitations herein after expressed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the First Day of December One thousand eight hundred and one, and until the signing such Treaty as aforesaid, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in ready Money, without any Discount whatever, upon the Importation of any Copper into any Port or Place within Great Britain from any Port or Place beyond the Seas, except from any Port or Place within that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland, the several Duties of Customs as the same are respectively inserted, described and set forth in Figures in the fame Schedule; any Law, Customor Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties by this Act imposed as shall arise in that Part of the said United Kingdom called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of the United Kingdom called, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland for the time being.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Duties hereby imposed shall and may be ascertained, raised, collected, paid and recovered, in such and the like manner, and in and by any and either of the Ways, Means or Methods, by which any of the Duties of Customs on Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, imposed and payable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, were or might be ascertained, raised, collected, paid and recovered; and the Goods, Wares and Merchandize so by this Act made chargeable with the said new Duty of Customs, shall be and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, to which any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, upon which any Duties of Customs are imposed and payable, were subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force on or immediately before the passing of this Act; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine, or Forfeiture, for any Offence whatever committed against or in breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue

A.D. 1801.

C. 68—

75

41° GEO. III. IK.)

venue of Customs. or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several causes, Powers and Directions therein contained, shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised and put in Execution for and in respect of the new and additional Duties of Customs hereby charged, as far as the same are applicable thereto, in as full and ample a manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures were particularly repeated and reenacted in the Body of this present Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Duties imposed by this Act shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, and be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

[The Duty and Drawback of this Act, to others granted

by various Acts. See49 G.3. c. 98. 51 G.3. 31. 52 G. 3.

89. 55 G' S'c'52’l

Duties 10 be paid into the Exchequer, arul carried to the Consolidare i Fund.

CAP. LXIX.

An Act for transferring the Receipt and Management of certain Duties on Certificates for wearing Hair Powder, or using Armorial Bearings, from the Commissioners of Stamps to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred.

[27th June 1801.]

[. Repealed43 G.3. 161. § 84.]

CAP. LXX.

An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors.

[27th June 1801.]

[See 53 G. 3. co 102.]

CAP. LXXI.

An Act for transferring the Receipt and Management of the Duties on Licences for using or exercising the Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer, from the Commissioners of Stamps to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred.

[27th June 1801.]

[ Repealed43 G.3. 161. 84.3

CAP. LXXII.

An Act for extending the Period of Preference granted and continued by several Acts to Bodies Corporate and Persons for the Redemption of the Land Tax, and to amend an Act of the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax.

[27th 1801.]

{This Act made to cease 42 G. 3. c. 116. § 1. except certain Provisions thereof mentioned in § 2. which appear to be expired. See 45 G* 3. c. 77. 46 G. 3. ^133. 54 G.3. Co 173.]

76

C. 73.

11° GEO. III. (U.K.)

A.D. 1801.

There shall be issued at the Exchequer in Ireland 5076I. 18s. 6d. to the Dublin Society for 1801; 4i53l-16s. nd. for completing Buildings to that Society; and 1846!. 3s- id-for Farming Societies under the Direction of the Lord Lieutenant.

Appropriation of the Money granted to the Dublin Society for promoting Husbandvy.

The Money granted for Buildings and for promoting the Purposes of the Farming Societies shall be under the Directions of the Lord Lieutenant.

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act for directing the Application of several Sums granted by Parliament to the Dublin Society, and to the Farming Societies in Ireland.

[27th June 1801.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and

Ireland in Parliament assembled, having granted to Your Majesty

several Sums of Money for Your Majesty's Service in, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That out of any Monies granted for the Supply of the present Year, for the Service of, there shall and may be

issued and paid, at the Receipt of the Exchequer in any

Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand and seventy-six Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Sixpence Sterling, being Five thousand five hundred Pounds Irish Currency, to the Dublin Society for promoting Husbandry and other useful Arts, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding'Four thousand one hundred and fifty three Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Eleven pence Sterling, being Four thousand five hundred Pounds Irish Currency, to be applied towards completing additional Buildings at the Repository of the Dublin Society in Hawkins Street and Botanic Garden at GlaJJneven; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand eight hundred and forty-six Pounds Three Shillings and One Penny Sterling, being Two thousand Pounds Irijlo Currency, to be applied under the Direction of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, in promoting the purposes of the Farming Societies in Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and one.

II. And be it enacted, That out of the Sum so granted for promoting Husbandry and other useful Arts, it shall be lawful for the Dublin Society, by and with the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, signified by Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands, to pay the several Professors, Officers and Servants, who have been heretofore paid a yearly Sum by the said Society, such Salaries by the said Society as the said Society shall think proper, and as shall be so approved of; and that the Remainder of such Sum shall be disposed of in such manner as the said Society shall direct, for promoting Husbandry and other useful Arts and Manufactures.

III. And be it enacted, That the Sum so granted towards completing additional Buildings at the Repository of the Dublin Society in Hawkins Street and Botanic Garden at Glaffneven, shall be applied to that purpose> in such manner only as shall be approved of and authorized by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, and that the Sum so granted for promoting the purposes of the Farming Societies of Ireland shall be disposed of for that purpose, in such manner, and in

A.D. 1801. 41° GEO. III. (U.K.) C. 73, 74, 75. 77

such Proportions, and under such Regulations, as the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, shall direct and appoint.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for regulating, until the Twentieth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, the Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation from Ireland of British Plantation Sugar; and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported from Ireland; and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland.

[27th June 180r.]

£ Continued by several Acts, and last by 46(7.3. 14., zyth

March 1807, but now expired.]

CAP. LXXV.

An Act to permit the Exportation of Tea to Ireland without Payment of any Duty, under certain Restrictions.

[27th June i 801.]

WHEREAS the Duties of Customs and Excise payable on Tea taken out of the Warehouses of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East, which, by

certain Acts of Parliament now in Force, are to be drawn back on the Exportation thereof to Ireland, are retained in Great Britain until a Certificate of the landing of such Tea in Ireland be produced

And Whereas it is expedient to allow Tea to be exported to Ireland without Payment of the Duties so allowed to be drawn back Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it Tea sold at ihe shall and may be lawful to export Tea to Ireland without Payment of Sal®s of the East any Duties of Customs or Excise, as shall, on or after the Eighth Day India Company of June One thousand eight hundred and one, be sold at the Sales of 7relandP\vhh the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East out Payment of Indies, under and subject to the Regulations and Restrictions herein- Duty if tai.en after mentioned: Provided always, that no Person or Persons °ut of their whatsoever shall be at Liberty to export any Tea to or for, Warehouses (or

free of Duty, except such Tea as fit all be taken for the foie and a Quantity not express Purpose of being so exported, for or out of the Warehouses lei's than a Lot. belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and except in a Quantity not less than one entire Lot.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Tea shall be taken or Bond shall be delivered from or out of the said Warehouses, free of Duty, for given for the Exportation to Ireland as aforesaid, until the Proprietor or Pro- dlie Txpomnon prietors, or Exporter or Exporters thereof, shall have given Bond of all lllch 1 ea* or Security in Double the Value of the Duty of Customs, to be approved of by the Commissioners of Customs, and also Bond or Security to be approved of by the Commissioners of Excise, or the Person or Persons to be appointed or empowered by them for that Purpose, in Double the Value of the Duty of Excise, for the due Exportation of such Tea (the Danger of the Seas and Enemies

78

C. 75.

A.D. 1801.

Regulations previous to Exporter’s taking Tea out of Warehouse.

Further Regulations as to Shipping such Tea at the Port of Exportation.

41° GEO. III.

excepted); which Bonds or Securities the said Commissioners of Customs and Excise respectively, or the Person or Persons so to be appointed or empowered as afore mentioned, are hereby authorized and required to take in His Majesty's Name.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons desirous of exporting Tea to Ireland free of Duty shall, at least Twenty four Hours previous to the Delivery of any such Tea, make Entry in Writing with the Collector of the Customs and proper Officer of Excise respectively, specifying the Number of the Lot or Lots of Tea intended to be exported, the Number of each Chest or Package, and the Weight, the Quality, and Sale Price of the Tea in each Lot, the Amount of the Duties of Excise or Customs, as the Case may require, the Name of the Ship in which such Tea was imported, and also the Port from whence such Tea is intended to be exported; and thereupon the Collector of the Customs and proper Officer of Excise shall respectively receive and take such Bond or Security as aforesaid, and shall give the Person or Persons proposing to export such Tea, and entering into such Bond or Security as aforesaid, a Certificate in Writing, specifying the Lot or Lots of Tea so intended to be exported, and for which Bond or Security is taken, the Number of each Chest or Package, and the Weight of each Lot, the Quality and Sale Price of the Tea, the Amount of the Duties of Customs or Excise, as the Case may require, and the Name of the Ship by which imported; and upon producing to, and leaving with the proper Officers of the Customs and Excise, having Charge of the Warehouse in which the Tea intended to be so exported shall be lodged or deposited, such Certificate respectively, such Officers shall, and they are hereby severally authorized and required to deliver a Duplicate of such Certificate under their respective Hands to the Accomptant employed by the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and also to allow the Tea particularly mentioned in such Certificate to, be delivered for Exportation, without Payment of or depositing any Duties thereon: Provided nevertheless, that such

duplicate Certificate shall be delivered to the said Accomptant on or before the prompt Day (that is the Day fixed by the said Company for the Buyers of Tea to make Payment for the fame) of the Sale from which such Teas are intended to be exported; and the proper Officer of Excise shall, upon the Request in Writing of the Person or Persons intending to take out such Tea for Exportation, or of his known Servant or Agent, grant a Permit to accompany such Tea to the Port of Exportation, which Permit, in lieu and instead of specifying that the Duties have been paid, shall, in Addition to the several other Particulars usually expressed in Excise Permits, specify the Number of Chests or other Packages, and the Number of each Chest or Package, the Quantity and Species or Sort of Tea, (that is to say,) whether Black or Green Tea, contained in each Lot, and that such Tea is intended to be exported to Ireland.

IV. And be it further enacted, That before any such Tea shall be shipped for Exportation to Irel, the Person or Persons intending to ship the fame, or his or their known Servant or Agent, shall give Twenty four Hours* Notice in Writing to the proper Officers of Customs and Excise respectively, at the Port of Exportation,

A.D. 1801.

C. 75.

79

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

ation, of his Intention to ship such Tea, specifying in such Notice the Number of Chests and Quantity of Tea intended to be shipped, the Number of the Chests or Packages, and Quality of and Species of Tea contained in each Chest or Package, and the Name of the Ship and of the Master thereof in which the fame is intended to be exported, and the time when such Tea is intended to be shipped; and shall deliver to the proper Officer of Excise who shall attend the shipping of such Tea, the Excise Permit with which the same shall or may be accompanied; and the Officer of Customs and Excise respectively, who shall attend the shipping of such Tea, shall give to the Shipper a Debenture or Certificate, testifying the shipping thereof, which Certificate of the shipping of such Tea, together with a Certificate ( a) under the Hands of the proper Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Customs, of the due Landing of such Tea in Ireland, being within Four Months of the Date of the Bond or Security produced to and left with the Collector of the Customs and Officer of Excise respectively, by whom such Bond or Security shall have been taken, such Bond or Security shall be thereupon discharged.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Duty shall be received or taken by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for or in respetff of any Tea which shall be delivered for Exportation to Ireland pursuant to the Directions of this Act, and that the said United Company shall be discharged of the Duty for all such Tea so delivered for Exportation, upon producing to and leaving with the proper Officers of Customs and Excise, the Duplicate or Certificate herein-before directed to be delivered to the Accomptant of the said United Company; any thing in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall embezzle, take or carry away any Tea delivered from any Warehouse for Exportation to Irela,either before or after the shipping thereof, or if any Person or Persons whatsoever, after the shipping of any such Tea for Exportation, shall consign, unlade or put, or carry on Shore in any Part of Great, any Tea so

shipped for Exportation to Ireland as aforesaid (except in Case of Shipwreck or other unavoidable Necessity), every Person so offending shall, in every such Case, over and besides the Penalty of the Bond, forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever, shall at any time counterfeit or forge, or cause to be counterfeited or forged, any Debenture, Certificate, or Permit, in any Case in which a Debenture, Certificate or Permit is by this Act required to be used, given or granted, any Person so offending, and being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be transported for the Term of Seven Years; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or knowingly alter or erase any such Debenture, Certificate or Permit, with Intent or for the purpose of deceiving His Majesty's Officers of Customs or

(a)[This Certificate to be left with the Collector within two months43 G. 3. r.129. §2.; but that SeRion repealed 46 <?. 3. ' 87- $-93*]

Excise,

No Duty shall be taken by the East India Company for such Tea, and the Company shall be discharged of the Duty, &c.

Embezzling Tea, or unduly unlading it,

[Penalty.]

Forging Deben* tures Felony,

Punishment. Altering fame,

30

[Penalty.]

Commissioners of Customs and Excite may forbear to put Bonds in Suit.

Star. T2 Car. 2. c. 24. and all Excise Laws extended to this Act

Penalties recovered and mitigated as under Excise Laws.

How disposed of.

Limitation of Actions.

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

c. 75. 41° GEO. III. A.D. 1801.

Excise, any Person so offending, and being conviaed thereof, shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of the Customs and Excise respectively, to forbear, if they shall see Cause so to do, to put in Suit any Bond by this Act directed to be given or entered into upon such Terms and Conditions as to the said Commissioners respectively shall seem meet.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, matters and things, which in and by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liver, and Tenures in capite, and by Knights' Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon His Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other Law now in Force relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, shall be practised, used and put in Execution as fully and effectually as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, matters and things, were particularly repeated and reenacted in this present Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by such Ways, Means or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the same.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing by him or them done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Three Months next after the matter or thing done, and shall be laid in the proper County, and the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Prosecution, or Judgment shall be given against him, her or them upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have treble Costs awarded to him, her or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

[Tea exported to American Plant, Guernsey> &c. under the Regulations of this Atti 54 G. 3. c. 142.]

A.D. 1801. 41° GEO. III. C. 16.

8\

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act to authorize the issuing of Commissions and Letters of Marque and Reprisal against His Majesty's Enemies, to such Ships and Vessels belonging to His Majesty as are or may be employed in the Service of the Boards of Customs and Ex-cife, and other Public Boards in this Kingdom.

[27th June 1801.]

‘ WTPEREAS under the Regulations of an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the letter and more effectually manning His

Navy, the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing

the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, are authorized to cause Commissions and Letters of Marque to be issued to such Ships and Vessels only as belong to His Majesty's Subjects, and which shall have been registered pursuant to an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An Act for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and the Certi-

licate of which Registry is also by the said first recited Act required to be produced to the Lord High Admiral or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great, previous to the granting any such Commission or Letter of Marque;

And Whereas Ships and Vessels which belong to His Majesty are by the said recited Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty expressly exempted from being registered, by reason whereof no Commissions or Letters of Marque can regularly be granted to any Ships or Vessels of His Majesty in the Service of the Boards of Customs and Excise, or other Public Boards, without the Sandtion of Parliament ;’ May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great, for the

time being, or any Three or more of them, if they shall think fit, or any Person or Persons, by him or them empowered and appointed for that purpose, at the Request' or on the Application of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, Excise, Navy, Transports, Ordnance or Victualling, to cause to be issued in the usual manner One or more Commission or Commissions, or Letter or Letters of Marque and Reprisal, to any Person or Persons whom such Commissioners so applying shall nominate to be Commander, or in case of Heath succes-fively Commanders of such Ship or Vessel- for the attacking, fur-prizing, seizing and taking, by or with such Ship or Vessel, or with the Crew thereof, any Place or Fortress upon the Land, or any Ship or Vessel, Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods and Merchandize, belonging to or possessed by any of His Majesty's Enemies, in any Sea, Creek, Haven, or River; and that such Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods and Mer-41 Geo. III. (U. K.)G chandize

33 G- 3- c. §9.

a6 G. 3. c. 6o»

The Admiralty, at the Request of the Commissioners of the-Customs, Excise, &c. may issue Letters of Marque to such Persons as the Commissioners shall nominate to be Commanders, and the Prizes taken shall be divided among the Captors in such Shares as the Commissioners, &c. shall think proper.

82

A.D. 1801.

Security given before issuing any Letters of Marque as directed by 33 G. 3. c. 66. $ 14, &c.

EXP.

C. 76,77. 41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

chandize whatsoever, with all their Furniture, Tackle and Apparel, so to be taken, by or with such Ship or Vessel so having such Commission or Letter of Marque, after final Adjudication thereof, as lawful Prize in the High Court of Admiralty, or in any other Court of Admiralty in His Majesty's Dominions, which shall be duly authorized thereto, shall wholly and entirely belong to, and be divided between and among the several Persons who shall be on board the fame, and be aiding and assisting in the taking thereof, in such Shares and Proportions as the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs and Excise, or of any other Public Board in this Kingdom, shall respectively think proper, and that neither His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, nor any other Person or Persons whomsoever, other than the Persons who shall be so on board such Ship or Vessel, and be aiding and assisting in such Captures, shall be entitled to any Part or Share thereof, except as to the Customs and Duties which by Law are or may be payable in respect thereof; any thing contained in the said recited Act passed in the Thirty third Year of His said Majesty's Reign, or any other Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof, in anywise notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it declared and enacted, That before the granting or issuing of any Commission or Letter of Marque in pursuance of this Act, such or the like Bail and Security shall be taken as hath been usual in Cases of Commissions or Letters of Marque granted to Merchants’ Ships and Vessels, and that the Sufficiency of such Bail or Security shall be enquired into and reported, and such Oath be taken by them as are prescribed and required by the said recited Act passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, and that all and every the Rules, Regulations, Clauses, Provisoes, Restrictions, Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, matters and things whatsoever, contained in the said last mentioned Act, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the applying for, obtaining, using or revoking of Commissions, or Letters of Marque for Ships or Vessels belonging to His Majesty's Subjects, and relating to the Commanders, Officers and Crews of such Ships or Vessels, and the Captures by them made, or Offences by them committed, or to any Person or Persons granting Certificates, or otherwise acting in respect to such Ships or Vessels (except so far as the same are hereby altered and amended) shall be observed and performed, and be in full Force and Effect so far as the same are or may be applicable in regard to Ships or Vessels having Commissions or Letters of Marque under the Provisions of this present Act, and to the Commanders, Officers and Crews thereof, and other Persons acting in anywise relating thereto, as fully and effectually to all Intents and purposes as if the said Rules, Regulations, Clauses, Provisoes, Restrictions, Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, matters and things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

CAP. L^XVII.

An Act for allowing, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and two, the Importation of certain Fish from Newfoundland and the Goa ft of, and for granting a Bounty thereon.

[27th 1801.]

A.D. 1801. 41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

C. 78.

S3

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act to extend the Powers of an Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the better securing to and others the Expences of conveying Offenders to Gao/, and for allowing the Charges of Poor Persons bound to give Evidence against Felons; and for allowing to High Constables, in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, their Charges in certain cases.

[27th 1801.]

'fYT WHEREAS by an Act made in the Twenty seventh Year 27 G. 3. c. 3.

of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second,

intituled An Act for the better securing to Confables and others the Expences of conveying Offenders to Gaol, and for allowing the Charges of poor Persons bound to give Evidence againf, it is enabled,

that when any Person, not having Goods or Money within the §

County where he is taken, sufficient to bear the Charges of himself

and of those who convey him, is committed to Gaol or the House of Correction, by Warrant from any Justice or Justices of the Peace, then on Application by any Constable or other Officer who conveyed him, to any Justice of the Peace for the same County or Place, he shall upon Oath examine into and ascertain the reasonable Expences to be allowed such Constable or other Officer, and shall forthwith, without Fee or Reward, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, order the Treasurer of the County or Place to pay the fame, which the said Treasurer is hereby required to do as soon as he received such Warrant; and any Sum so paid shall be allowed in his Accounts: And Whereas it is expedient, in certain cases, that Constables specially appointed by Justices of the Peace to execute any Warrant or Warrants, should be paid the reasonable Charges and Expences incurred by them, as well in respect of searching for and apprehending Offenders, as in conveying such Offenders to Gaol: And Whereas it is also expedient that High Constables should,

in certain cases, be allowed the extraordinary Charges and Expences by them incurred May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted and declared by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after When Special the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Constables shall Two Justices of the Peace for any County, City, Division, Riding appointed in or Place, within that Part of the United Kingdom called cuntf Warrants

when any Person or Persons shall have been nominated or appointed iu Cases of s a special Constable or special Constables, for the purpose of executing Felony, Two any Warrant or Warrants in any Case or Cases of Felony, to order, Justices may by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, such proper Allow- °r[jer ProPer ances to be made to such special Constable or special Constables, for ^d^for*0 his or their Expences, Trouble and Loss of time in executing or their Expences endeavouring to execute such Warrant or Warrants, as to him or and Loss of them shall seem reasonable and necessary; which Orders shall be after- time, which wards laid before and submitted, on the Oath of such special Con- Order shall be table or Constables, to the Consideration of the Justices assembled at gujJJer Seffien*

84

C/78, 79.

A.D. 1801.

Two Justices in like manner may order Allowances to be made to High Constables in England for extraordinary Expences incurred in the Execution of their Duties in Cases of Riot or Felony, &c.

Il.ic.

No Person in England to act unless duly admitted*

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for such County, City, Division, Riding or Place, as the Case may be; and the Justices so assembled at such General Quarter Sessions may allow or disallow the Whole or any Part or Parts of such Allowances so ordered by such Justices issuing such Warrant or Warrants, and shall and may thereupon then order and direct the Treasurer for such County, City, Division, Riding or Place, to pay such Sum or Sums of Money to such special Constable or special Constables, as to the said Justices so assembled shall feein reasonable and necessary; and such Treasurer shall, and he is hereby authorized and required forthwith to pay the Sum and Sums of Money so ordered and directed to be paid to the Person or Persons empowered to receive the same; and such Treasurer shall be allowed the fame in his Accounts.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two Justices of the Peace within their respective Jurisdictions, to order and direct, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, such reasonable and necessary Allowances to be made to any High Constable or High Constables for any County, City, Division, Riding, Hundred or Place within that Part of the United Kingdom called England, for any extraordinary Expences incurred by him or them in the Execution of their respective Duties, in any Case or Cases of Tumult, Riot or Felony; and such Orders shall be laid before and submitted, on the Oath of such High Constable or Constables, to the Consideration of the Justices assembled at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for such County, City, Division, Riding or Place, as the fame may be; and the Justices so assembled at such General Quarter Sessions may allow or disallow the Whole or any Part or Parts of such Allowance so ordered, and shall and may then order and direct the Treasurer for such County, City, Division, Riding or Place, to pay such Sum or Sums of Money to such High Constable or High Constables as to the said Justices so assembled shall seem reasonable; and such Treasurer shall, and he is hereby authorized and required forthwith to pay the Sum or Sums of Money so ordered and directed to be paid, to the Person or Persons empowered to receive the same 5 and such Treasurer shall be also wed the fame in his Accounts.

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act for the better Regulation of Public Notaries in England.

[27th 1801.]

WHEREAS it is expedient, for the better Prevention of illi-t W terate and inexperienced Persons being created to act as, or admitted to the Faculty of Public Notaries, that the said Faculty should be regulated in England Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and one, no Person in England shall be created to act as a Public Notary, or use and exercise the Office of a Notary, or do any Notarial A&, unless such Person shall have been duly sworn, admitted and inrolled, in maimer herein after directed, in the Court

41° GEO. III. A.D. 1801.

C. 7<r. 35

wherein Notaries have been accustomarily sworn, admitted and in rolled

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said No Person ad-First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and one, no Person mitte^ a Notary shall be sworn, admitted and inrolled, as a Public Notary, unless

such Person shall have been bound, by Contract in Writing, or by Apprenticed Indenture of Apprenticeship, to serve as a Clerk or Apprentice, for a Notary or and during the Space of not less than Seven Years, to a Public Scrivener for Notary, or a Person using the Art and Mystery of a Scrivener (ac- Seven Years; cording to the Privilege and Custom of the City of, such after^Au’11!

Scrivener being also a Public Notary), duly sworn, admitted and j8or Unteft inrolled, and that such Person for and during the said Term of Affidavit of the Seven Years, shall have continued in such Service; and also unless Execution of the-every such Person who shall, from and after the said First Day of Contrail, &c. August, be bound by Contract in Writing or Indenture of Apprenticeship, to serve as a Clerk or Apprentice to any Public Notary pr^1>e). or Scrivener, being also a Public Notary, shall, within Three Months next after the Date of every such Contract or Indenture of Apprenticeship, cause an Affidavit to be made and duly sworn by one of the subscribing Witnesses, of the a#ual Execution of every such Contract or Indenture of Apprenticeship by such Public Notary, or Scrivener (being also a Public Notary), and the Person so to be bound to serve as a Clerk or Apprentice as aforesaid; and in every such Affidavit shall be specified the Names of every such Public Notary or Scrivener (being a Public Notary), and of every such Person so bound, and their Places of Abode respectively, together with the Day of the Date of such Contract or Indenture oif Apprenticeship; and every such Affidavit shall be sworn and filed within the time aforesaid, in the Court where the Public Notary, to whom every such Person respectively shall be bound as aforesaid, shall have been inrolled as a Notary, with the proper Officer or Officers, or his or their respective Deputy or Deputies, who shall make or sign a Memorandum of the Day of filing every such Affidavit on the Back or at the Bottom of such Contract or Indenture.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Person who shall, after $Uch Affidavit the said First Day of August become bound as aforesaid, shall be ad- produced o» mitted or inrolled a Public Notary in the Court of Faculties for ad- Admission. mitting and inrolling Public Notaries, before such Affidavit shall be produced and openly read in such Court, at the time of such Person's Admission and Inrolment.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the following Persons shall Officers for tik-

be deemed and taken to be the proper Officers for taking and filing ing and filing such Affidavits; (that is to say,) the Master of the Faculties of His Affidavit*. Grace the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury in, his Surrogate

or Commissioners.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Officer filing such Affi- Officer filing davits as aforesaid, shall keep a Book, wherein shall be entered the Affidavits to Substance of such Affidavit, specifying the Names and Places of enter the Sub-Abode of every such Public Notary, and Clerk or Person bound as ^ance m aB°°k. aforesaid, and of the Person making such Affidavit, with the Date

of the Contract or Indenture of Apprenticeship in such Affidavit to be mentioned, and the Days of swearing and filing every such Affidavit respectively; and such Officer shall be at liberty to take, at the time of filing every such Affidavit, the Sum of Five Shillings, and no Fee.

86

C. 79.

A.D. 1801.

Book may be searched.

Fee.

No Public Notary to have any Apprentice, but while he shall actually practise.

Apprentice to ' he employed Seven Years.

If MaBer shall die, or leave off Fradlice, or Apprentice be discharged, &c. Apprentice may serve Residue of Seven Years with another Matter.

Affidavit of such Second Contrail filed.

Pefore Admission Apprentices to file Affidavits that they have served Seven Years.

Notary ailing or permitting his Name to be ul’ed, for the

41° GEO. III. (

more, as a Recompence for his Trouble in filing such Affidavit; and which Book shall and may be searched, in Office Hours, by any Person or Persons whomsoever, upon Payment of One Shilling for such Search.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said First Day of August, no Public Notary or Scrivener, being also a Public Notary, shall take, have or retain any Clerk or Apprentice who shall become bound as aforesaid, after such Public Notary or Scrivener, being also a Public Notary, shall have discontinued or left off, or during such time as he shall not actually practise or carry on the Business of a Public Notary.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall,

from and after the said First Day of become bound by Contract in Writing or Indenture of Apprenticeship to serve any Public Notary as hereby directed, shall, during the whole time and Term of Service to be specified in such Contract or Indenture of Apprenticeship, or during the time and Space of Seven Years thereof at least (if bound for a longer Term than Seven Years) continue and be actually employed by such Public Notary, or Scrivener, being also a Public Notary, in the proper Business, Practice or Employment of a Public Notary.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any such Public Notary or Scrivener, being also a Public Notary, to or with whom any such Person shall be bound, shall happen to die before the Expiration of such Term, or shall discontinue or leave off such his Pratice as aforesaid; or if such Contract or Indenture of Apprenticeship shall, by mutual Consent of the Parties, be cancelled; or in case such Clerk or Apprentice shall be legally discharged before the Expiration of such Term, and such Clerk or Apprentice shall, in any of the said cases, be bound by another Contract or Contracts, Indenture or Indentures in Writing, to serve, and shall accordingly serve in manner herein-before mentioned, as Clerk or Apprentice to any such Public Notary or Scrivener (being also a Public Notary) as aforesaid, during the Residue of the said Term of Seven Years, then such Service shall be deemed and taken to be as good, effectual and available, as if such Clerk or Apprentice had continued to serve as a Clerk or Apprentice for the said Term of Seven Years to the same Person to whom he was originally bound; so as an Affidavit be duly made and filed of the Execution of such Second or other Contract or Contracts, within the time and in like manner as is herein-before directed, concerning such original Contract.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Person who, from and after the said First Day of Auguj, shall become bound as Clerk or Apprentice as aforesaid, shall, before he be admitted and inrolled a Public Notary according to this Act, make before, and file with the proper Officer herein-before for that Purpose mentioned, or cause the Public Notary, to whom he was bound, to make and file an Affidavit that he hath actually and really served and been employed by such practising Public Notary, to whom he was bound as aforesaid, during the whole Term of Seven Years, according to the true Intent and meaning of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said First Day of August, if any Public Notary shall act as such, or permit or suffer his Name to be in any manner used for or on Account*

A.D. 1801. 41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

C.T9.

8T

count, or for the Profit and Benefit, of any Person or Persons not entitled to adtas a Public Notary, and Complaint shall be made in a summary Way to the Court of Faculties wherein he hath been admitted and inrolled, upon Oath, to the Satisfaction of the said Court, that such Notary hath offended therein as aforesaid, then and in such Case every such Notary so offending shall be struek off the Roll of Faculties, and be for ever after disabled from practising as a Public Notary, or doing any Notarial Act, save and except as to any Allowance or Allowances, Sum or Sums of Money, that are or shall be agreed to be made or paid to the Widows or Children of any deceased Public Notary or Notaries, by any surviving Partner or Partners of such deceased Notary or Notaries.

XI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said First Day of August, in case any Person shall, in his own Name or in the Name of any other Person, make, do, atft, exercise or execute and perform, any Act, matter or thing whatsoever, in anywise appertaining or belonging to the Office, Fun&ion and Practice of a Public Notary, for or in Expectation of any Gain, Fee or Reward, without being admitted and inrolled, every such Person for every such Offence, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be sued for and recovered in manner herein after mentioned.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act,

or any thing herein contained, shall not be taken or construed to exclude any Person from being sworn, admitted and inrolled a Public Notary, in the accustomable Court aforesaid, who hath, on or before the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and one, been bound by Contract in Writing or Indenture of Apprenticeship, to serve as a Clerk or Apprentice to any Public Notary or Scrivener, being also a Public Notary, or any Person who shall have actually served in the Capacity of Clerk or Apprentice to any Public Notary or Scrivener, being also a Public Notary, for the Term commencing before the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and one, for the Term of not less than Seven Years, notwithstanding such Person shall not have been bound by Contract in Writing or Indenture of Apprenticeship, or that such Term of Seven Years shall not expire till after the said First Day of and

provided that such Clerk or Apprentice shall, within Six Months after the passing of this Act, enter into and become bound by Contract in Writing or Indenture of Apprenticeship, to any such Public Notary, and shall actually serve for the Remainder of the Term of Seven Years: Provided always, that an Affidavit shall be previously made and filed, in manner herein-before directed, of such atlual Service for any Term not less than Seven Years, to any such qualified Notary or Scrivener; and every such Person may, after the Expiration of such Term of Seven Years, and Affidavit of such Service having been previously made and filed as before directed, be sworn, admitted and inrolled to be a Public Notary, in the same manner as Persons to be admitted, sworn and inrolled Public Notaries, are hereby required to be sworn, admitted and inrolled respectively; anything in this Atft contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And Whereas the incorporated Company of Scriveners of London, by virtue of its Charter, hath Jurisdiction over its Members being resident within the City of *, the Liberties of Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, or within the Circuit of Three

G 4? Miie&

Profit of any Person not entitled to act (truck off the Roll.

Acting as a Notary, for Reward, without being admitted,

[Penalty.]

Proviso for Persons bound on or before Jan. i,. i8oj, for Seven Years, to any Notary or Scrivener who have actually served Seven Years, though not bound by Contract, &c.

88

C. 79.

A.D. 180

Persons applying for a Faculty to become Notaries within the J u-rii'diction of the Company of Scriveners in London, shall previously take their Freedom of the Company.

Proviso for Pro£tors, Secretaries to Bishops, Sec.

Exception.

And for Persons already admitted Notaries.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

Miles of the said City, and hath Power to make good and whole-

some Laws and Regulations for the Government and Contfoul of such Members, and the said Company of Scriveners practising

within the aforesaid Limits, and it is therefore expedient that all

Notaries resident within the Limits of the said Charter should come into and be under the Jurisdiction of the said Company Be it therefore enacted, That all Persons who may hereafter apply for a Faculty to become a Public Notary, and practise within the City of London and the Liberties thereof, or within the Circuit of Three Miles of the fame City, shall come into and become Members, and take jq /$ their Freedom of the said Company of Scriveners, according to th S7/~ Rules and Ordinances of the said Company, on Payment of such and the like Fine and Fees as are usually paid and payable upon the Ad-A*Ti -million of Persons to the Freedom of the said Company, and shall, previous to the obtaining such Faculty, be admitted to the Freedom of the said Company, and obtain a Certificate of such Freedom, duly ligned by the Clerk of the same Company for the time being, which Certificate shall be produced to the Matter of Faculties, and filed in his Office prior to or at the time of issuing any Faculty to such Person to enable him to practise within the Jurisdiction of the said Company.

XIV. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, That

nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Proctor in any Ecclesiastical Court in England; nor to any Secretary or Secretaries to any Bishop or Bishops, merely practising as such Secretary or Secretaries; or to any other Person or Persons necessarily created a Notary Public for the purpose of holding or exercising any Office or Appointment, or occasionally performing any public Duty or Service under Government, and not as general Practitioner or Practitioners; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that nothing herein

contained shall extend, or be construed to exempt any Proctor, being also a Public Notary, from the Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, by this Act imposed upon any Public Notary, who shall permit or suffer his Name to be, in any manner, used for, or on Account, or for the Profit and Benefit, of any Person or Persons, not entitled to act as a Public Notary.

XV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent any Person who, on or before the passing of this Act, shall have been admitted as a Public Notary, from acting as a Public Notary, or using or exercising the Office of a Notary in any manner, or doing any Notarial Acts whatever.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Forfeitures

and Penalties imposed on any Person or Persons, for Offences committed against this Act, shall and may be sued for and recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at, by Action of

Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed, and wherein the Plaintiff, if he or she shall recover any Penalty or Penalties, shall recover the fame for his or her own Use, with full Coils of Suit.

" Limitation of Actions against Persons for matters done in Pur-<c suance of this Act, Three Months; General Issue; Treble Costs; u § i J* Public Act, § 18.

A.D. 1801. 41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

C. 80.

89

CAP. LXXX.

An Act to indemnify all Persons who have printed, published or dispersed, or who shall publish or disperse any Papers printed under the Authority of any Head Officer of State, or of Public Boards, or other Public Authorities, from all Penalties incurred by reason of the Name and Place of Abode of the Printer of such Papers not being printed thereon.

[27th June 1801.]

WHEREAS in an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the more effectual Suppression of Societies establifloed for seditious and

treasonable Purposes; and for the better preventing treasonable and seditious Practices; certain Provisions are contained to restrain the printing or publishing of any Papers or Books whatsoever, which should be meant or intended to be published or dispersed without the Name and Place of Abode of the Printer thereof being printed thereon, with a certain Penalty on the Person printing, publishing or dispersing, or abiding in publishing or dispersing the fame, contrary to the said Act: And Whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to indemnify all Persons <u>ho have printed, published or dispersed, or <who publish or disperse any

Papers printed under the Authority of the Commissioners or Head Officers of any Public Boards, from all Penalties incurred by

reason of the Name and Place of Abode of the Printer of such Papers not being printed thereon^ the Printers and Publishers of certain Papers printed by Order or under the Authority of certain Public Offices and Boards therein mentioned, without the Name of the Printer thereon, were discharged and exempted from all Penalties incurred before the parting of the said last mentioned Act

and it is expedient to extend the Provisions of the said Act, and also to indemnify Persons transacting the Business of other Public Offices Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person who shall, before the parting of this Act, have printed any Paper whatsoever, by Order or under the Authority of any Head Officer or Officers, of any of the principal Offices of State, or of any Office or Board relating to any Branch of the Revenue, or to the Army, Navy, Marines, Artillery or Oi*dnance, in the Discharge of the Duties of any such Office, or by Order, or under the Authority of any Officer or Person whatsoever employed by His Majesty, or under his Authority, in Discharge of any public Duty or Employment, or shall have published or dispersed, or assisted in publishing or dispersing, or shall hereafter disperse, or assist in dispersing, any Paper whatsoever that shall have been printed before the parting of this Act, by such Order or under such Authority as aforesaid, shall be and is hereby declared to be freed and discharged of and from all Suits, Informations, Prosecutions, Judgments, Fines and Penalties, whatsoever, commenced, prosecuted, adjudged or incurred, or which may be commenced,

prosecuted,

39 G. 3.C. 79. § *7-

39 & 40 G. 3. c- 95-

Persons who have printed any Papers under Authority of Head Officers of Principal Offices of State, or Board of Revenue, &c. or of any Person employed in Public Business, or who have published them, or shall hereafter disperse any Paper so printed before the passing of this Act, shall

90

C. 80—84.

A.D. 1801.

4)° GEO. III.

(U.K.)

be indemnified prosecuted, adjudged, or incurred, for or by Reason of any Offence under 39 G*! a^e<*£e<*to ^ave been committed against the said first recited Act, by

c. 79. * Occasion of such printing, publishing or dispersing, or of assisting in

publishing or dispersing any such Paper as aforesaid, as fully, freely and effectually, as if the fame had been printed according to the Provision8 of the said Act.

[As to Persons having inadvertently printed, &c. 49 G.3. c. 69. § 1. and further as to Indemnity, and also as to Number and Mitigation

of Penalties, 51 G. 3. r. 65. $ 1—3.3

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Two Millions for the Uses and purposes therein mentioned.

[27th June 1801.]

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act for raising the Sum of Six Millions five hundred thousand Pounds by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and

one.

[27th 1801.]

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and one.

[27th 1801.]

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland; for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and one; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[27th June 1801.]

§ L 3,100,000 0 0 0ut of the Consolidated I For the Service Fund towards making good > of the Year the Supply - - -,) 1801.

II. Treasury may raise the said <§£. 3,100,000 by Loans or Exchequer Bills.

III. 1 Subscribers to have Tallies of Loan struck, and Orders for Repayment with Interest, which is

IV. I*

V.) to be registered and paid in course.

VI. Treasury may prepare any Number of Exchequer Bills as prescribed by 41 G. 3.

VII. c 7* Certain Clausesof 41 G. 3. (G.i?.) r. 7* extended to this A

VIII. Exchequer Bills to be paid out of Consolidated Fund.

A.D. 1801.

IX.

C. 84.

91

41° GEO. III.

x 4» 8 0 0 0 0 0 0

XI. 1,200,000 0 0

XII. 433>333 6 8

XIII. 65,671 4 0

XIV. 65>8 37 *9 7§

XV. 50,000 0 0

XVI. 4,080 11 6i

XVII. 8,280 16 iif

XVIII.

1,566,461 10 9!

XIX.

XX. Sterling.

120,000 o o

XXI. Sterling.

4,186,461 10 9I

XXII. (a) 28,000,000 o o

(£) 2,500,000 0 0

3,100,000 0 0

4,000,000 0 0

1,200,000 0 0

433>333 6 8

65,671 4 0

65,837 *9 7*

50,000 0 0

4,080 11 61

8,280 16

2,000,000 0 0

6,500,000 0 0

3,000,000 0 0

Bank of England authorized to advance Money on Credit of this Act, notwithstanding 5 Zff 6 W. & M. c. 2or 38 G. 3. 1.

Out of the Duties upon Income under 39 3.

c. 13.

Out of the Convoy Duties of 38 3. 76.

Remaining of Grants for Emperor of Germany.

Remaining of Grants for Elector of Bavaria.

Surplus of Grants for 1800.

Out of Interest of Land Tax contracted for.

Reserved in the Exchequer for particular Services.

Remaining of Contributions to Lotteries,— applied towards Supply.

Part of the Supplies granted by 40 3. 31.

for 1801, to be carried to the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

Treasury in Ireland, with the Approbation of

Lord Lieutenant, may establish Lotteries there, to be conducted as by 21 G. 3.

r. 2.(1.) 33 G.$. c. 18. (I.) 33 3.C. 37. (I-) 35 3* Ct35* (E)

Profits of Lottery carried to Irish Consolidated Fund, as also all Monies coming into Exchequer of Ireland, under c. 3. ante.

f To be applied Out of Consolidated Fund J as herein after of Ireland. - -,) mentioned. See

Contributions for Annui-' ties ( a) granted by 3. ante, remaining after Remittance to Ireland of the Sum directed by that Ad (I).-Monies raised by the Lottery under c27. ante. -(granted above, I.) -----,«X.)

XXIII. U

& poji-

#xi.) —, #xn.)

—, § XIII.) —. § XIV.) —. § XV.) —, $ XVI. #46.)

§ XVII.

pofl. $ 46.)

(as under c. 81. 1

— ...... c. 82. > ante.

Granted as above, and appropriated to Uses herein after expressed. See § XXIII. &c.

92

C. 84.

A.D. 18Oi.

XXIII. £.12,422,037 O 2

2,497,500 0 0

25565,000 0 0

337>5°° O 0

4,050,000 0 0

637,418 5 8

733>9°° 0 0

M I CO H 6

155,000 0 0

XXIV. 15083,375 17 7

39)972 15 0

58,706 14 Sterling. 0

299,907 9 5

XXV. 2,000,000 0 0

xxvi. 300,000 0 0

XXVII. 13,910,466 6 0

15653,878 6 5

Sterling. J76.S93 12 7

1,724,377 o 4

41° GEO. III. (

For Naval Services; that is to say.

For Wages of 135,000 Men, including 30,000 Marines,

For Victuals,

£. s.

At p Man

1

For Ordnance for Sea Service, For Wear and Tear of Ships,

per

Month

050

00

bO

U

a

a

a

o _ y o

00

to

'S-q § £ ss

C "tl P VO

h4 n

1 a

For Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay For Buildings, Repair of Ships and extra Works For Transport Service and Prisoners of War in Health o

For Sick Prisoners of War J

For Ordnance for Landffr°m lft, JPril Service. - -j *% 3'ft Dec.

i t8oi.

For Ordnance Services, not provided for by Parliament in 1799.

For the like not provided for in 1800.

f From 5th Jan,

For Ordnance in Ireland

i

1801 to 5th. Jan. 1802.

For Exigencies.

For the Queen of Portugal.

For Land Service; that is to say,

For defraying the Charge^ of 58,387 effective Men in G.B. Jersey, Guernsey

and Alderney, including

the Charge of Pay of Commissioned Officers,. Non Commissioned Offi- cers and Private Men, Charge of Agency and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains and Riding Mailers -

For 17,232 effective Men in Ireland

For maintaining His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, including those serving at Gibraltar^ Minorca and other Sta-

From 25th March to 24th Dec. 1801, both inclusive.

From ill to 24th 1801, live.

Jan.

Dec.

inclu-

A.D. 1801.

C. 84.

93

41° GEO. III

38,003 9 2

352,500 o o

Sterling 319,748 13 5

86,522 6 8

Sterling

48>*97 5 4

973>43J 8 9

Sterling 8,381,017 10 11

50,000 o o

Sterling

34>451 3 0

2,222,667 1 3

25,662 8 3

(C7.K.)

tiona in the

nean, Gape Good, and a Regiment of Foot in iView iSoa/i*, in-

cluding Pay of Commissioned Officers, Non Commissioned Officers and Private Men, with the Additional Allowance to Subalterns, &c. Charge of cloathing Non Commissioned Officers and Privates, Charge of Agency, Allowances to Captains and Riding Matters

For Four Troops of Dragoons, and Seventeen Companies of Foot, stationed in G. for recruiting Regiments serving in India

For Recruiting and Contingencies for Extra Forage of Cavalry in G.B.

For Ireland

For General, Staff and Hospital Officers in B. Guernsey and Jersey -

For Ditto in Ireland -

For Militia and Fencible Infantry in G

For Ditto in Ireland -

For Contingencies for Mi-' litia and Fencible Infantry in G.B.

For Ditto in Ireland -

From 25 th March to 24th Dec. 1801, both inclusive.

For cloathing for Militia in G.B.

For Supernumerary Officers of the Forces

From 25th Dec. 1800 to 24th Dec. 1801, both inclusive.

From 25th March to 24th Dec. 1801, both in-clulive.

'From 1st Jan. to 24thD<?r.1801, inclusive.

From 25th Dec. 1800 to 24th Dec. 1801, inclusive.

From 1st Jan. to 2 4th Dec. 1801, inclusive.

I From 25th.March ' to 24th 1801.

From 1st Jan. to 24th Dec. 1801.

For the Year 1801.

(‘From ift Jan. to 24th Dec. 1801.

For the Year 1801. TFrom 25th Dec. < 1800 to 24th t Dec. 1801.

t

A.D. 1801.

G. 84.

41° GEO. III. (

£. 116,088 14 5

Sterling. 6,416 o 6

255,000 o o

Sterling. 115,384 12 4

*38>979 7 1

20 12 11

Sterling. H»8J5 2 S

1.000 Q O

52,500 O O

7,500 O O 148,382 o 6

Sterling 35>923 1 o

20,227 10 0

Sterling 5,042 4 3.

455,000 o o

Sterling*

425,*39 7

293,929 o o

For Pay Master General,

Commissary General,

Judge Advocate, Comp- For the Year trollers of Army Ac- f" 1801. counts and Exchequer Fees in G. B.

For Muller Master General, J Judge Advocate General, I Physician and Surgeon f General, &c. in Ireland J For increased Rates for) quartering Soldiers and I an Allowance for Small J Beer in G. B.- - I

From 1st Jan. to 24th 1801.

From 25 th March to aift Dec. 1801.

For Allowances to Forces 1 From 25th Feb. in Ireland for Small Beer > to 24th Dec. and while on March - -) 1801.

For reduced Officers of-v Land Forces and Marines

in G.B. - - - For the Year

For a Private and Super- f 1801. annuated Gentleman of the Horse Guards -

For Half Pay to Officers') and Allowances to retired> Chaplains in Ireland - -J For Officers late in the"! Service of the States I General - - -1

For reduced Officers of the J-British American Forces j For Allowances to them - I For Chelsea Hospital -

For Kilmainham Hospital

For Widows’ Pensions ini G.B. - - -j

For Ditto in Ireland -


For Volunteer Corps in G.B.

From 1st Jan. to 24th Dec. 1801.

For the Year 1801.

From 1st Jan. to 24th Dec. 1801. For the Year 1801.

From ill Jan. to 24th Dec. 1801. From 2 5 th March to 24th Dec. 1801.

For Ditto in Ireland -

For the Barrack Department in G.B.

'From ill Jan. to j 24th Zfec. 1801.

i m'From2$t\i March to 24th Dec* 1. 1801.

A.D. 1801. 41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

C. 84.

95

XXVIII.

XXIX.

XXX.

XXXI.

XXXII.

XXXIII.

XXXIV. XXXV.

XXXVI.

XXXVII.

Sterling. #339,708 13 s Sterling. 21,372 19 9

3°3>39r 4 5 656,388 8 6

Sterling.

For Ditto in Ireland -

For Medicines, Bedding, Hospital Contingencies and the Military Infirmary in Ireland', and for the Royal Military Infirmary in, for

sick and wounded Soldiers

For Foreign Corps

For an Augmentation of the Forces in G.B. being 10,321 Men (including 1,257 Invalids)

From ill Jan. to 24th Dec. 1801.

From 25 th March to 24th Dec. 1801.

11,167 6 11

2,500,000 0 0

600,000 0 0

1,100,000 0 0

250,000 0 0

4,000,000 0 0

3,500,000 0 0

3,000,000 0 0

3,000,000 0 0

Irish Currency.

522,200 0 0

For Additional Field Offi- From 24th

cers to the Militia in to 24th Dec. Ireland - - - 1801.

For defraying the Extra-'

ordinary Services of the ( For the Year Army in G.i?. - - 1801.

For Ditto in Ireland -

For discharging Outstanding Exchequer Bills under 39 G. 3. c. 13.

Ditto 38 G. 3. c. 7 6.

Ditto 39 & 40 G. 3. c. 33.

Ditto — — c. 102.

Ditto-----— c. 103.

Ditto----- c. 104.

21,808 6 3

10,891 11 10 Civil Establishments,

Ditto Treasury Bills.

Issued pursuant to Addresses of the Commons. Ditto.

7>95° 0 0 Upper Canada - -1

5>9'5 0 0 Nova Scotia - -J

2,420 10 10 New Brunswick -1

1,900 0 0. Island of Saint John ini America - -J

957 16 Cape Breton -

1,641 8 5 Newfoundland - -1

4,100 0 0 Bahama Islandsfm addition-'

to. the public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and the incidental Charges attending the fame

iHDec. 1801.

3iftZ)<?c. 1801.

3iftZ)<tf.1801.

From 1st Jan. to 3iftZk<r.1801.

301 .8 4| Bermuda,

96

C. 84

A.D. 1801.

XXXVIII.

<£. Coo o

7,146 o 20,000 o

4.000 o 7,620 o

2,270 18

37>3l7 6

10.000 o

25,000 o

3 >55° 0

208,772 o

25,000 o 2,482 16 500 o 253 12 116 16 3,500 o 374 4

410 Geo. III. (UK.)

Island of Dominica -

New South Wales

_ J From 1 ft to " I 1,801.

f From 10th - < 1800 to 31ft

(_ Dec. 1801.

For supporting the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa.

'For One Year to Sierre Leone - - the 21st Dec.

1801.

For Superintendance of"

Aliens under 38 G.3.

5°-

For Prosecutions relating to the Coin in the Year 1800.

‘For Nine Months For Convicts at Home - -< to 31st Dec.

1J I ILL

I'

fl For 3* C li

For the 1801.

Year

to 31ft 1801.

For One Year to the 31st Dec. 1801.

For

the Year 1801.

For printing Journals of*

House of Commons,printing and delivering Votes, printing Bills, Reports j> and other Papers, by Order of the House of Commons

For discharging Bills on Account of New South Wales for the Expenditure of that Colony, and Norfolk Island in t8oi,.exclusive of the Estimate of their Civil Establishment.

For defraying Expences of the Commission under the American Treaty, including the Salaries of the British Commissioners -

For Refugees of France,

Toulon, and CorJicat St.

Domingo Sufferers, and American Loyalists

For Foreign and other Secret Services

For additional Allowances to Clerks in the Office for auditing the Public Accounts.

Towards a Plan for enquiring into the Mendicity of the Metropolis.

For a Plan for the Improvement of the Port of London.

For continuing the Index to Journals of the House of Lords.

For discharging Fees on passing Public Accounts.

For Expences at the Parliament Office in Session 1800.

For Nine Months to Dec. 31. 1801.

A.D. 1801.

C.

97

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

XXXIX.

41 Geo. III. (U.K.)

£. 6,756 IO 5

7,901 IO 4

2,000 0 0

175 3 2

89 5 16 0

305,484 7 2

*77>33° 18 10

00 H 7

902 H 6

1,000 0 0

132 3 6

3,000 0 0

1,500 0 0

30,000 0 0

8,400 0 0

200,000 0 0

3,000 0 0

2,701 9 0

5,000 0 0

827 12 0

528 9 0

800 0 0

5,000 0 0

Sterling.

3*3 16 11

221 10 9

For Payment of Bills drawn from New South Wales due in the Year 1800, over and above the Sum granted by Parliament for that Purpose.

For Ditto in 1801.

For Payment of Artificers employed in Works about the Houses of Parliament.

For appointing Commissioners to enquire into the State of Cold Bath Fields' Prison.

For Medicines sent to New South Wales.

For Interest on Exchequer Bills made out under 39 G.3. and 39 & 40 G. 3.

For Discount on prompt Payments to the Loan and Lottery for 1800.

To the Bank of England for receiving Contributions on Ditto for 1800.

For Salaries of Officers and incident Expences of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

For extra Trouble in making out Exchequer Bills.

For a Clerk employed relative to American Claims.

For the Board of Agri-'

' culture -

For the Veterinary College

For the Purchase of Land and Confirmation of Buildings for a Royal Military College -

For defraying the Expences on Account of Premises at Chelsea for a Royal Military Asylum.

For the Reduction of the National Debt.

For the British Museum.

To the Chairman of the Committees of the House of Lords.

To the Levant Company.

For additional Allowances to Clerks for auditing Public Accounts.

For carrying on the Works at the new -

Jhalfca.

For Premiums for Efiays on breaking-up of Grass-Lands.

For Military Roads and 1 For the Year Bridges in North Britain j 1801.

To Stephen Moore Esquire, for preparing and Hating the Public Accounts of Ireland this Session.

To John Smart Esquire,*) For One Year to for Ditto - - j 1800.

H

For the Year 1801.

98

C. 84.

A.D. 1801.

XL*

XLI.

41° GEO. III.

738 9 3

I84 12 4

Sterling. 184 12 4

129 4 7

129 4 7

9 66 18

29>538 9 3

2,307 >3 10

23,076 18 6

6,485 10 9

3,477 2 4

f8,i66 11 10

1,846 3 1

5>538 9 3

923 1 6

683 1 6

1,002 9 3

Sterling. 19*938 9 3

Irish Currency 2,000 0 0

2,000 0 0

7,250 0 0

To Sir John Tydd, for his Care in the Office of

Paymaster of Corn Bounties in To Paul Le Bas Esquire, Examinator of Corn Bounties.

To Robert Marshall Esq.~) t? r\ v for preparing Accounts / I?°r, One Ye*r>

JoV/Xr^ EiP°mj ^March 1800.

To Mr. Rogers Wether all for extra Trouble therein.

To Mr. John Swan for preparing Accounts in the Excise Office in Ireland.

For defraying the Expence of Pratique in Dublin For defraying the Charge of Civil Buildings for Ireland -

For defraying the Charge of apprehending Public Offenders in Ireland For the Charge of the Office of the Solicitor of Criminal causes in Ditto For Proclamations and Advertisements in the Dublin Gazette, &c.

For printing certain Statutes in Ireland - - For One Year,

ending 5th January 1802.

For Printing, Stationery, &c. for Public Offices in Ditto For incidental Expences of the Board of Treasury in Ditto ... For building Offices for the Records of, &c.

For working a Gold Mine in Wicklow For cloathing the Battle Axe Guards in Ireland For cloathing the Officers of Arms and State Trumpeters in Ditto -y

For the Linen and Hempen Manufactures in Ireland, viz.

For encouraging the railing' of Hemp and Flax For the Hemp and Flax Manufactures in

Munjler and Connaught To encourage the Growth of Flax

For One Year, ending the 25th March 1802.

A.D. 1801.

C. 84.

99

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

XLII.

£. 10,350 0 0

Sterling.

4,615 7 8

5,076 18 6

4*53 16 11

1,846 3 1

9*23° 15 5

4*53 16 11

18,213 4 7

13,846 3 1

1,846 3 1

6,183 *3 10

3>655 7 9

7>384 12 4

15*594 9 3

Irish Currency.

1,100 0 0

For the 1801.

Year

For the l8oi.

Year

Sterling. 27 6 18

For promoting the said I Manufactures in lieu of I the Sum paid out of the

Tea and Coffee Duty j

For building New and re-*| building Old Churches To the Dublin Society for promoting Husbandry,

& c.

For completing Buildings at the Repository of the said Society, See.

For promoting the Purposes of the Farming Societies in Ireland For paving, 8cc. Dublin - For making convenient Streets in Dublin - For promoting English'

Protestant Schools Ireland To the Foundling Hospital,

Dublin To the Hibernian Marine Nursery for Sailors*

Children For the Westmorland Lock Hospital, Dublin To the Hibernian School for Soldiers* Children -To the Roman Catholic Seminary For the House of Industry,

Dublin

For Salaries of acting Governors thereof -

For the 1801.

Year

To the Society for difeoim-tenancing Vice in Ireland I 461 10 9 To the Female Orphan j

House, Dublin -

Supplies not to be issued for any other than the authorized Purposes. Rules for Application of Half Pay. — Officers employed on the Staff or in Garrisons may receive Half Pay on taking the Oath. — Form of Oath.

Application of Overplus.

Certain American and East Florida Orders under 28 3. 40. and

30 G. 3. c. 34., directed to be paid when Application made at the Exchequer for that purpose, fee § 22.

XLVII. Duplicates of Irish Treasury Bills or Debentures lost or destroyed may be made on Affidavit of the Fad, before Baron of Exchequer in Ireland, 8cc.

XLIII.

XLIV.

XLV.

XLVI.

100

C. 85.

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

A.D. 1801.

Justices in England out of Session may receive and give Receipts for Fines and Forfeitures not payable to any Body Corporate, See.or other Person, and shall enter Accounts thereof and pay the Amount annually to the Sheriff of the County.

And transmit Accounts of said Fines to Clerk of the Peace, &c.

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act for better Payment of Fines and Forfeitures imposed by Justices out of Session, in England.

[27th June 1801.]

TT'OR the better bringing to Account and making Payment of

J? such Share of Fines, Forfeitures and Penalties due to His Majesty, which are not by Law payable to any particular Persons,

‘ Commissioners or others, levied before Justices of the Peace acting out of Session ;* Be it enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for every Justice of the Peace acting out of Session for any County, Riding, City, Borough, Division or Place, in England, to receive all Fines, Forfeitures and Penalties, imposed by him or any other Justice of the Peace, as aforesaid, acting out of Sessions, and not made payable to any Body or Bodies Corporate, or any Commissioners of any Public Boards, or any other Person or Persons, and to give Receipts for the fame, which Receipts shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Parties by whom the said Fines shall be payable; and every such Justice shall, by himself or Clerk, keep an Account in a Book, to be provided for that Purpose of the Amount of every Fine, Forfeiture or Penalty, which shall have been set or imposed by any Adjudication or Order made by every such Justice, specifying the Place and time and manner of such Adjudication or Order, the Nature of the Offence, and the Act or Acts under which the fame was adjudged, and the Name or Names of the Person or Persons on whom such Fine, Forfeiture or Penalty was set or imposed; distinguishing whether the fame was paid or levied, and what Part or Share thereof, if any, has been or shall be paid or payable to any Body or Bodies Corporate, Commissioners, or Person or Persons, with the Name and Description of such Body or Bodies, Commissioners, Person or Persons, and the Authority under which he, she or they claimed such Part or Share; and shall annually, previous to the Michaelmas Session, pay into the Hands of every Sheriff of the County or City, and Town and County having a separate Sheriff, for which such Justice shall have acted in imposing such Fines, all such Fines, Forfeitures or Penalties, or the Parts or Shares of such Fines, Forfeitures or Penalties as shall be due to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors; and the Sheriff or his Under Sheriff is hereby required to give an Acquittance for the fame, which shall be a full Discharge to every such Justice, his Heirs, Executors and Administrators, for such Fines, Forfeitures or Penalties, or Parts or Shares thereof.

II. And be it further enacted, That any Justice of the Peace shall, previous to the Michaelmas Sessions, annually transmit to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, City or Town, or Clerk of the Town within which such Fine, Forfeiture or Penalty shall have been imposed, an Account in Writing, stating the several Fines, Forfeitures and Penalties, which have been imposed by him, and shewing which have been received by him, and from whom, and for what Offences; which Account the Clerk of the Peace or Town Clerk shall enter in his Estreats with the Names of the Justices, that the Sheriff may be charged

A.D. 1801. 41° GEO. III. (U.K.) C. 85, 86. 101

charged with the fame in his Apposal before the Foreign Appofer, to the End that the fame may be set over and answered to the Crown, in like manner as in the case of Fines and Forfeitures let or imposed at any Session of the Peace.

III. And be it further enacted, That as often as Two or more In what case

Justices shall act together in setting or imposing any Fine, Forfeiture Account kept, or Penalty, then the said Account shall be kept, and a Copy of it Resident

shall be delivered or transmitted, and the Payment as aforesaid shall be made by such one of the said Two or more Justices, as shall reside at or near the Place where such Adjudication or Order was made, or at or nearest the Place where such General Quarter Sessions shall be held.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said several Clerks of Constables on the Peace or Town* Clerks, or their Deputies, shall, within Ten Days receiving Ac-next after any such General Quarter Sessions of the Peace in which f^m^’lerk'of5 such Justice shall have returned any Conviction as aforesaid, deliver to peace t(> the Bailiff or Chief Constable of the District where any Person shall give Notice to reside who shall by Law be entitled to any Share or Proportion of the Persons en-any Fines, Forfeitures or Penalties which shall have been had and tltled thereto, received by any such Justice as aforesaid, an Account in Writing of such Fines, Forfeitures and Penalties; which Bailiff or Chief Constable shall transmit an Account thereof to the Petty Constable of the Parish, Township or Place where such Person shall reside, that Notice may be given to the Person so entitled, that he may, without Delay, apply to such Justice for his Share of such Fine, Forfeiture or Penalty.

V. Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall be construed *OT

to extend to prevent the Officers of the Crown from allowing any Crown^lowin Fines, Forfeitures or Penalties, levied by Justices of the Peace for Fines as hereto^-Justices’ Wages, in the same manner as other Fines are now allowed fore,. &c.

by Law; and provided also, that it shall be lawful for Sheriffs, or any other Persons empowered to allow the fame, to have an Allowance of the same Poundage on the Balance of such Fines charged on them after an Allowance for Justices’ Wages, in like manner as for Fines at the Assizes.

VI. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall Anc* I*3?' be construed to prevent the Payment to the Receiver of Fines, [^Seven Public Penalties and Forfeitures, by the Justices or their Clerks, in any of Offices, under the Seven Public Offices appointed by virtue of an Act passed in the 32 G. 3. c. 35. Thirty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled.

Act for the more effectual A dminifl ration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace, in such Parts of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, as

lie in a,nd near the Metropolis, and for the more Prevention

of Felonies.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Stamp Duties on Cards and Dice; on Probates of Wills; on certain Indentures,

Leases, Bonds or other Deeds \ and on Ale Licences.

[2d July 1801.]

[ The Duties granted by this Act, repealed> and other Duties granted

by subsequent Acts, and last by 55 G. 3. 184.3

II. And be it further enacted, That the Duties charged on any Duties to be of the matters and things herein-before mentioned, on which any p?ld over and

ab0Vean>r

102

C. 86.

A.D. 1801.

Duties payable at passing this Act, and to be under the Management of the Commissioners for Stamps.

Stamp Office to provide a Stamp for marking Probates of Wills, or Letters of Acini inifi ration, relating to Estate in respect whereof Probates, &c. shall have been before taken out, and the Duties then payable discharged.

41° GEO. IIJ. (U.K.)

Duty is by Law payable on and immediately before the Day on which this Act shall receive the Royal Assent, shall be paid over and above the said Duty or Duties; and that all the said Duties hereby granted shall be under the Government, Care and Management of the Commissioners for the time being, appointed to manage the Duties charged on unstamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, who, or the major Part of them, are hereby required and empowered to employ the necessary Officers under them for that purpose j and in order to denote any of the several Duties payable by virtue of this Act, whenever they fee Occasion to use such Stamps as shall have been heretofore provided to denote any former Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, or on Cards and Dice, or to cause new Stamps to be provided for that purpose, or for the Purpose of denoting the former Duties, and also the Duties granted by this Act, and to alter or renew the fame respectively, from time to time, and to do all other things necessary to be done for putting this Act in Execution, with relation to the said several Duties herein-before granted, in the like and in as full and ample a manner as they, or the major Part of them, are authorized to put in Execution any former Law concerning stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and Cards and Dice respectively.

III. And Whereas it is expedient that the Duties payable in respect of Probates or Letters of Administration, should not be paid more than once on the fame Estate j* Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamps, and they are hereby authorized and required to provide a Stamp or Mark distinguishable from all other Stamps or Marks used in relation to any Stamp Duties, for the purpose of {lamping or marking any Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, whereon any Probate of any Will or Letters of Administration shall be ingrossed, printed or written, in relation to any Estate in respect whereof any Probate or Letters of Administration shall have been before taken out, and the full Amount of the Duties payable thereon, by any Act or Acts of Parliament then in force, according to the full Value of such Estate, shall have been duly paid and discharged; and in every case where any Probate or Probates, or Letters of Administration, shall have been taken out, duly stamped according to the full Value of the Estate in respect whereof the same shall have been granted, then, and in such case, any further or other Probate or Letters of Administration as aforesaid, which shall be at any time thereafter applied for or in respect of such Estate, shall and may be issued and granted upon any Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, stamped or marked with the Stamp or Mark provided by the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act, for such other Probates or Letters of Administration as aforesaid; and every such other Probate or Letters of Administration which shall be duly stamped or marked with such Stamp or Mark as last aforesaid, shall be as available in the Law, and of the like Force and Effect in all Respects whatever, as if the Vellum, Parchment or Paper whereon the same shall be ingrossed, printed or written, had been duly stamped with the Stamp or Mark, denoting the full Amount of the Duties payable in respect of the Probate or Letters of Administration taken out on the full Value of such Estate; any thing in any Act or Acts, or this Act, before contained, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

A.D. 1801.

C. 8

103

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

IV. And be it futher enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamps, and they are hereby required to cause all Dice that shall be brought to the Head Office of Stamps for thepur-pose of being stamped or marked with the Stamp or Mark provided to denote the Duties payable on Dice, to be wrapped and enclosed after the same shall have been duly stamped or marked, in a Paper Wrapper, stamped or marked with any Stamp or Mark provided for that purpose, and fattened with a Thread or Seal, as the said Commissioners shall for that Purpose direct; and it shall also be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamps, in every case where the same shall be required by the Maker of any such Dice, to provide any additional Stamp or Mark, containing the Name of such Maker, or any other Mark to distinguish the Maker thereof, and to cause the same to be printed on, or affixed to, or made Part of the Wrapper or Paper in which any such Dice shall be wrapped after the damping thereof, in manner herein-before directed.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Playing Cards or Dice shall be exported to any Parts beyond the Seas out of Great without being stamped for Use in Great, as required by the Laws

now in force, and this Act, until after the Expiration of Ten Days after Notice shall be given at the Head Office of Stamps by the Makers thereof, of the Quantity intended to be exported, and of the Port or Place in Great Britain from whence the same are intended to be exported, and of the Port or Place, and Country to which the same are intended to be carried or conveyed, nor until a Certificate under the Hand of such Officer as shall be appointed for that purpose by the Commissioners of Stamps, expressing the several matters required in such Notice, and also certifying that Bond has been given according to the Provisions of this Act for the Exportation thereof, be delivered to the proper Officer of the Customs at such Port or Place in Great Britain, which Certificate shall be given without Fee or Reward; nor shall any such Cards or Dice be laden or put on Board any Ship or Vessel but in the Presence of the proper Officer of the Customs, and according to the Laws now in force for exporting Non enumerated Goods from Great Britain.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Maker or Makers of Cards or Dice to remove the fame from the Place where the same shall be made without Payment of Duties for the fame, provided the fame be duly marked and stamped for Exportation, and provided that before the same shall be so removed, a Bond be entered into to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, with sufficient Surety or Sureties to be approved of by the Commissioners of Stamps, or the major Part of them, or the Person by them appointed for that purpose in Treble the Amount of all the Duties that would be payable on such Cards or Dice respectively, if the fame had been made for Use in Great Britain, with a Condition to export such Cards or Dice into some Port or Part beyond the Seas within a Time to be limited in such Bond, and to land the fame (the Dangers of the Seas excepted), in the Port or Place in foreign Parts to be mentioned in such Bond, and which shall be the same Port or Place mentioned in the Certificate of the Officer of Stamp Duties as aforesaid, and not to lade or put any of the same on Board any other Ship or Vessel, either in any Port or Place in Great Britain or elsewhere, or at open Sea, and that the same or any of them shall not be relanded in any

Stamp Office to cause Dice to be enclosed, after being duly stamped, in a Wrapper, and may mark the Name of Dice Maker thereon.

No Cards or Dice to be exported without being stamped, until after Notice and Certificate as herein mentioned.

To be shipped-in Presence of Officer.

Cards or Dice may be removed' from where made, without Payment of Duty, if stamped' for Exportation; and Bond given with certain Conditions.

104

,c. 86.

A.D. 1801. 41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

How Bonds discharged.

j G. I. c. 19.

§ 48. repealed.

Cards or Dice exported contrary to Act, or

Part of Great Britain, which Bond shall be lodged with the Commissioners of Stamps, or the Officer appointed by them for that Purpose, and shall and may be prosecuted for any Breach thereof, according to the Law now in force, in Relation to any Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper.

VII. And be it further enacted, That such Bond herein-before directed to be given, shall be discharged in manner herein after mentioned j (that is to say,) for such of the said Cards or Dice as shall be entered to be landed in Ireland, the Condition of the Bond shall be to bring in a Certificate in Discharge thereof within Six Months from the Date of the Bond; and within Twelve Months for such of the said Cards or Dice as shall be entered for or landed in any other Port or Place in Europe; and within Eighteen Months for such of the said Cards or Dice as shall be entered for or landed in any of His Majesty's Plantations in America or, or any of the United

States of America; and within Twenty four Months for such of the said Cards or Dice as shall be entered for or landed in any Port or Place at or beyond the Cape of Good Hope; which said Certificate for such Cards or Dice as aforesaid as shall be landed in any Port or Place where any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Customs shall be resident, shall be signed by the proper Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Culloms there, importing that such Cards or Dice were there landed, testifying the landing thereof; and if no Officer of His Majesty's Customs shall be resident in such. Port or Place where such Cards or Dice shall be landed, such Certificate shall be signed by the British Consul or other Person acting as such there, importing that such Cards or Dice were there landed, testifying the landing thereof; and if no Officer of His Majesty's Customs, or British Consul, or other Person acting as such, shall be resident in such Port or Place where such Cards or Dice shall be landed, such Certificate shall be under the Common Seal of the Chief Magistrate in such Port or Place, or under the Hands and Seals of Two known British Merchants, then being at such Port or Place, that such Cards or Dice were there landed; or such Bond or Bonds shall be discharged upon Proof, in either of the said cases, that such Cards were taken by Enemies, or perished in the Seas, or by Fire, the Examination and Proof thereof being left to the Judgment of the said commissioners of Stamps, or the major Part of them for the time being.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing

of this Act, so much of an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act for redeeming the Fund appropriated for the Payment of the Lottery Tickets which were made forth for the Service of the Year One -sand seven hundred and ten, by a voluntary Subscription of the Pro-

prietors into, the Capital Stock of the South Sea Company; and for raising a Sum of Money to pay off such Debts and Incumbrances as are therein mentioned; and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and to limit times for Prosecutions upon Bonds for exporting Cards and Dice, as limits the Period within which Bonds given upon the Exportation of Cards or Dice mutt be put in Suit and prosecuted, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all playing Cards and Dice made fit for Sale or Use in Great, which shall be exported

contrary to this Act, or which shall be relanded after Entry thereof for

A.D. 1801.

C. 86.

105

41° GEO. III.

for Exportation, or which, after such Entry for Exportation, shall be found in any Place, not being an entered Place for making of the same, or which shall be found removing from Place to Place in Great Britain, without being stamped or marked as aforesaid, except for the purpose of exporting the fame under the Regulations of this Act, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, and may be proceeded upon to Condemnation as any Non enumerated Goods forfeited and seized may be proceeded upon by the Laws now in force in relation to His Majesty's Revenue of Customs or Excise respectively, as the case may be.

X. And be it further enacted, That no playing Cards or Dice

shall be fold or exposed to sale in any Place in Great. unless

the fame shall have been respectively duly stamped or marked, and unless one of the Cards of each Pack of such Cards shall, at the time of such felling or exposing to sale, be actually stamped or marked on the spotted or painted Side thereof, with such Mark or Marks as the Commissioners for the time being appointed to manage the said Stamp Duties shall direct or appoint, as the proper Stamp or Mark for Playing Cards, and unless the Thread or Paper, or Wrapper inclosing such Cards or Dice respectively, shall be sealed, stamped, marked or fattened according to the Laws now in force and the Provisions of this Act, upon Pain that every Person or Persons who shall fell, or expose to sale, any such Cards or Dice which shall not have been so respectively marked or stamped, and so respectively wrapped, inclosed or fattened, as hereby and by the said Laws now in force is and are respectively required, shall forfeit for every Pack or Parcel of such Cards, and every one of such Dice so fold or exposed to sale, the Sum of Ten Pounds, with full Costs of Suit, to be recovered and distributed as any Penalty imposed by any of the said Laws now in force relating to the former Duties on Cards and Dice are to be recovered and distributed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Provision in an Act of

Parliament passed in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty a Duty upon Licences for retailing, Ale and other

exciseable Liquors; and for establishing a Method for granting such Licences in Scotland; and for allowing such Licences to be granted at a petty Session in England, in a certain case therein, whereby

it is enacted, that nothing in the said Act should extend, or be construed to extend, to charge any Licence for keeping any Ale House, Tipling House, Victualling House or Place for the Sale of Ale, Beer and other exciseable Liquors by Retail, situated upon or near the King's Military Road or Roads made or to be made in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, at the public Charge, and not being within any Royal Burgh, nor within the Burghs of

Muthilly Cries Dunkeld, or within One Mile of any of the said Royal Burghs or Burgh, with any Duty thereby directed to be paid, levied or received, and that all such Licences should be granted by the Justices of the Peace of the respective Shires and Stewartries where such Roads lie, on Payment of One Shilling for each Licence to the Clerk of the Peace of the Shire or Stewartry for his Trouble only, shall, from and after the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and one, be, and the fame is hereby repealed; and that from and after the said First Day of November One thousand eight hundred

relanded after Entry for Exportation, or found in unentered Place, or removing without being stamped, except for Exportation, forfeited.

Cards or Dice fold in G. B. unless duly stamped, and Wrapper fastened according to Law, forfeited, and Penalty.

Penalty iol.

29 G. 2. c. 12.

§19. repealed, and thereafter no Person to keep an Ale House, See. unless annually licensed.

106

C. 86.

A.D. 1801.

Leases of Lands, &c. of small Value forming Part of a Conveyance, whereby a greater Interest shall be conveyed than 31 Years, may be stamped as herein mentioned, without Penalty.

Counterfeiting Stamps, &c.

Leath.

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

fend one, no Person whatever shall keep any Ale House, Tipling House, or Victualling House, or fell Ale, Beer or other exciseable Liquors by Retail, but such Persons only who shall be annually thereto admitted, allowed and licensed according to the Directions of the several Acts in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act; any thing in the aforesaid Act of Parliament passed in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty to the contrary notwithstanding.

<£ Persons selling Ale, &c. by Retail in (except in Fairs,)

" without Licence, liable to Penalty of 20I., and last recited u Act extended to Scotland, § 12.

[ 44 3. 55. § i.J " Licences to fell Ale, &c. by Retail in Scotland, may be granted fi on or immediately after May 15, as they are now by Law granted " on or after Nov. 1, yearly, $13. 44 (7.3. r.55. $i.J

" Indentures, See. made before December 5, 1801, on the Stamps " required by Law, on or before Ju5, 1801, may be stamped " with the additional Duty granted by Cap. 10. of this Session and this Act, on Payment thereof before said Fifth December, $ 14.

XV. And Whereas it is expedient, that further time should be given for the stamping, without the Payment of any Penalty, certain Leases of Lands or Tenements of small Value, for a Term not exceeding Twenty one Years, which by Law may form, or be intended to form, a Part of any Conveyance of Lands or Tenements,

whereby a greater Interest in the fame should be conveyed than a

Term of Twenty one Years, whatever may be the value thereof / Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized, upon the Production of any such Deed as aforesaid that shall have been executed at any time before the passing of this Act, to the said Commissioners or any One of them, for the purpose of being stamped at any time within Twelve Months from the passing of this Act, to cause such Deed to be stamped upon Payment of the Duty granted thereon, without any Penalty whatever; and every Person concerned in ingrolling, writing or printing, any such Deed, or in making or executing the fame, shall be, and is hereby freed, discharged and indemnified from all Penalties and Forfeitures that shall have arisen or may arise in respect of such Deed.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall counterfeit or forge, or cause or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Stamp, airested or allowed to be used by this Act, or provided, made or used for the purpose of denoting the Duties by this Act granted as aforesaid, or any of them, or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the same, with an Intent to defraud His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties, or shall utter, vend or sell, any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, liable to any Stamp Duty by this Act imposed, with such counterfeit Stamp or Mark thereupon, knowing the same to be counterfeit, or shall privately use any Stamp, directed or allowed to be used by this Act, with Intent to defraud His Majesty of the said Duties, or shall counterfeit or forge, or cause to be counterfeited or forged, any Mark or Name provided by the said Commissioners under this Act, for the wrapping or inclosing any Dice, or making any Part of, or being affixed to any such Wrapper, then every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death

as

A.D. 1801. 41° GEO. III. (U.K.) C. 86, 87, 88.

as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

[52 3.

143- $70-

" Powers of Acts now in force relating to Stamp Duties extended " to Duties under this Act, $ 17* Duties shall be paid to the Receiver General of Stamp Duties, and by him into the Exche-u quer, and carried to the Consolidated Fund of Great

" § 18. Application of Duties, $ 19. Limitation of Actions " against Persons acting under this Act, Six Months; which shall be brought in the proper County, &c. General Issue, Treble " Costs, § 20.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates and Duties hereby granted, shall respectively commence and take effect as follows; (that is to say,) the said Duties on Indentures, Leases, Bonds and other Deeds, and the said Duties on Licences for selling Ale, Beer or other exciseable Liquors, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and one, the said Duties on Playing Cards and Dice, from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and one, and the said Duties on Probates of Wills and Letters of Administration, from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and one.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Playing Cards imported into Great Britain.

[2d July 1801.]

[The Duties granted by this Act repeale, and others granted by federal Acts, and last by 59 G.3. c.y2.]

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act for providing Accommodations in Assize Towns for the Judges in Ireland, where such Accommodations are not already provided.

[2d 1801.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE» Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and

Ireland, in Parliament assembled, having taken into Consideration

the Expediency of providing Accommodations in all such Cities and Towns in Ireland, in which Assizes and Commissions of Oyer

and Terminer and Gaol Delivery are held, where such Accommo-

dations are not already sufficiently provided for the Judges of Assize who shall be. appointed to hold the Assizes in the several

Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, within their respective Circuits throughout, and for their Servants,

Horses and Carriages, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that

‘ it may be enactedAnd be it enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Sheriffs in Ireland, in their respective Counties, shall, at every Assizes and

Gaol Delivery in such Towns where the fame ffiallbe held, and where such Accommodations are not already and shall not continue to be sufficiently provided, provide sufficient and suitable [urniffied Apartments

107

Commencement of Duties.

Sheriffs in Ireland to provide Accommodations for Judges, aDd discharge Expences.

108

C. 88, 89, 90.

A.D. 1801.

Judges to examine and certify Amount of Expences before Payment.

Expences a Charge on Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

Amount,

In what case, when any Debt due to His Majesty, a Copy of such Account, See shall be exemplified and tranl'mitted to Exchequer Court in Ireland, and inrolled.

*1° GEO. III.

(U.K.)

ments for the Lodging and Accommodation of the Judges of Assize, and of Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery, and their respective Servants, and Stables for their Horses, and Coach Houses or other fit Places for their Carriages, during the Continuance of such Assizes, and shall pay and discharge all Expences attending the same.

II. And be it enacted, That such Sheriffs respectively shall, at the End of every Assizes or Gaol Delivery, make out an Account of the Expence which shall be incurred by the means aforesaid; and the several Judges of Assize and Gaol Delivery respectively are hereby required to examine into the fame, and to certify thereon the Amount of the Expences which such Sheriff ought reasonably to pay in respect of the matters aforesaid.

III. And be it enacted, That such Sums as shall have been so

certified shall be a Charge on the Consolidated Fund of, and shall be paid to the respective Sheriffs thereout, and upon Production to the Commissioners for the time being, for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, of such Certificates as aforesaid, such Sums shall be issued and paid by virtue of this Act to the several Sheriffs who, by such Certificates, shall appear to be entitled thereto respectively, without any further Warrant on that behalf: Provided always, that no greater Sum than Twenty Pounds shall be allowed or paid for such Expences as aforesaid, at one Assize or Gaol Delivery.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act for repealing the Duty now payable on the Importation of Statues, Wrought Stone and Marble, and granting another Duty in lieu thereof.

[2d July 1801.]

{The Duty of this Act repealed, and new Duty granted by various

and last by 59 G. 3. c. 52., but the Title <( Wrought Stone" does _ not appear in the Tables of Goods, in that Act.~\

CAP. XC.

An Act for the more speedy and effectual Recovery of Debts due to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in Right of the Crown of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Irelandi and for the better Administration of Justice within the same.

[2d July 1801.]

FOR the more speedy and effectual Recovery of Debts due to

His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in Right of the

Imperial Crown of this Realm, and for the better Administration of Justice within the fame Be it enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, in all cases where, upon any Account duly audited, declared or recorded in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Englandt or upon any Judgment or Decree of the same Court of Exchequer, any Debt or Duty shall be due to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, a Copy of such declared Account, Judgment or Decree, shall, upon Application to the said Court made on behalf of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, be forthwith exemplified

5 and

A.D. 1801.

C. 90.

109

41° GEO. III.

and transmitted, under the Seal of the said Court of Exchequer, to His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in that Part of the said United ‘Kingdom called Ireland; which said last mentioned Court shall, upon the said Copy so exemplified being laid before them, forthwith cause the same to be inrolled ’ in the Rolls of the said Court of Exchequer in Ireland ;and upon the fame being so inrolled, the said

Court shall cause Process to issue for levying and recovering the Debt due on such declared Account, orfor which such Judgment or Decree shall have been so obtained, as well against the Person of the Debtor upon such declared Account or against whom such Judgment or Decree shall have been so obtained, as against his real and personal Estate, situate, lying and being in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, as fully and effectually to all Intents and purposes as

by the Course and Practice of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in that Part of the said United Kingdom called England is or may be now awarded and issued by the fame Court.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Sheriff or other proper Sheriff to ac-Officer to whom such Process shall be so directed, shall be compelled count for Exe-to account to the said Court of Exchequer for the due Execution of ^on of Pro* such Process; and the Chancellor and Barons of the said Court shall " s*

take care that all Monies levied by virtue of such Process shall be a-°n.^o duly paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer in, and the irith Exchequer,

Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or Lords Commissioners for exe- and remitted to cuting the Office of Lord High Treasurer therein, shall, so soon as EnglHh Exche-conveniently may be, cause the same to be remitted and paid into the <luer*

Receipt of the Exchequer, in that Part of the United Kingdom called England.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing In like manner, of this Act, in all the cases where, upon any such declared Account where any Debt duly recorded in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain called, or upon any fam^Regula-

Judgment or Decree obtained in the said Court of Exchequer in tionslhallbe

Ireland, any Debt shall be due to His Majesty, His Heirs and Sue- observed for the cessors, a Copy of such declared Account, Judgment or Decree, Recovery m shall, upon Application to the said Court made on behalf of His England' Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, be forthwith exemplified and transmitted under the Seal of the said Court of Exchequer to His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in that Part of Great Britain called England; which said last mentioned Court shall, upon the said Copy so exemplified being laid before them, forthwith cause the same to be inrolled in the Rolls of the said Court of Exchequer in, and

upon the fame being so inrolled, the said Court shall cause Process to issue for levying and recovering the Debt due upon such declared Account, or for which such Judgment or Decree shall have been so obtained, as well against the Person of the Debtor against whom Judgment or Decree shall have been so obtained, as against his Real and Personal Estate, situate, lying and being in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and purposes, as by the Usage and Pra<ftice of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in that Part of the said United Kingdom called

Ireland, is or may be now awarded and issued by the said Court.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Sheriff, or other proper Sheriff to ac-Officer to whom such Process shall be so directed, shall be compelled count for Execu* to account to the said Court of Exchequer for the due Execution of of Process.

such Moueylev,cd

no

C. 90.

A.D. 1801.

paid into English Exchequer, and remitted to Ireland.

Where, in Suit between Party and Party, or in any Proceeding in cases of Minors, &c.

Orders made for Payment of Money, &c* by Court of Chancery in England, Copy certified to Chancery in Ireland; inrolled, and Process issued to enforce Obedience, &c.

Where such Orders made by Chancery in Ireland, Copy certified to Chancery in England; inrolled and Process issued to enforce Obedience, &c.

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

such Process, and the Chancellor and Barons of the said Court shall take care that all Monies levied by virtue of such Process shall be duly paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer in, and the Lord High Treasurer of England or Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer therein, shall, so soon as conveniently may be, cause the same to be remitted and paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland.

V. And be it further enacted, That in cases where, in any Suit

between Party and Party, or in any matter or Proceeding by Petition in cases of Minors, Bankrupts, Idiots, or Lunatics, any Decree shall be pronounced or any Order made for Payment or for accounting for Money, by the High Court of Chancery in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of England for the time being respectively, shall, upon Application made to him or them respectively, cause a Copy of such Order or Decree to be exemplified and certified to the Court of Chancery in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, under the Great Seal of England; and the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of, shall forthwith

cause such Order or Decree, when it shall be presented to them respectively so exemplified, to be inrolled in the Rolls of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland, and shall cause Process of Attachment and Committal to issue against the Person of the Party against whom such Order or Decree shall have been made respectively, in order to enforce Obedience to and Performance of the same, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and purposes, as if such Order or Decree had been originally pronounced in the said Court of Chancery in Ireland; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of Ireland for the time being, from time to time, to make Orders upon Petition as the Occasion may require for Payment of Money levied under such Process as aforesaid, into the Bank of, with the

Privity of the-Accountant General of the said Court, to the Credit, and for the Benefit of the Party who shall have obtained such Order or Decree; and the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland are hereby authorized and required to receive and hold all such Monies, subject to the Orders of the said Court of Chancery: Provided always, that no such Monies shall be charged with or subject to Poundage for the Usher of the said Court of Chancery in

when the same shall be paid out by Order of the said Court.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where, in any

Suit between Party and Party, any Decree shall be pronounced, or any Order made for Payment of, or for accounting for Money, by the High Court of Chancery in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Ireland for the time being respectively, shall, upon Application made to him or them respectively, cause a Copy of such Order or Decree to be exemplified and certified to the Court of Chancery in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, under the Great Seal of and the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of England, shall forthwith cause such Order

A.D. 1801.

C. 90.

Ill

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

Order or Decree, when it shall be presented to them respectively so exemplified, to be inrolled in the Rolls of the High Court of Chancery in England, and shall cause Process of Attachment and Committal to issue against the Person of the ‘Party against whom such Order or Decree shall have been made respectively, in order to enforce Obedience to and Performance of the same, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and purposes, as if such Order or Decree had been originally pronounced in the said Court of Chancery in England; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of England for the time being, from time to time, to make Orders upon Petition, as the Occasion may require, for Payment of Money levied under such Process as aforesaid, into the Bank of England, with the Privity of the Accountant General of the said Court, to the Credit and for the Benefit of the Party who shall have obtained such Order or Decree; and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby authorized and required to receive and hold all such Monies, subject to the Orders of the said Court of Chancery: Provided always, that no such Monies shall be charged with or subject to Poundage, when the same shall be paid out by Order of the said Court.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any Suit Orders for Pay-between Party and Party, any Decree shall be pronounced, or any ment of Money, Order made for Payment, or for accounting for Money, by the ^gi^d^on*m Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, in that Part of Great Application,cer-Britain called Englandrthe Lord Chief Baron, or any one of the tified to Exche-Barons of the said Court for the time being, shall, upon Application quer in Ireland; made to them respectively, cause a Copy of such Order or Decree to inrolled, fmd

be exemplified and certified to the Barons of His Majesty's Court of Obedi-°

Exchequer in that Part of the United Kingdom called, under ence)

the Seal of the said Court of Exchequer of and the

Barons of the said Court of Exchequer in Ireland shall forthwith cause such Order or Decree, when it shall be presented to them so exemplified, to be inrolled in the Rolls of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, and shall cause Process of Attachment and Committal to issue against the Person of the Party against whom such Order or Decree shall have been made respectively, in order to enforce Obedience to, and Performance of the same, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and purposes, as if such Order or Decree had been originally pronounced in the said Court of Exchequer in and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland for the time being, from time to time, to make Orders upon Petition, as the Occasion may require, for Payment of Money levied under such Process as aforesaid, into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name of the Deputy Remembrancer of the said Court, in Trust for the Benefit of the Party who shall have obtained such Order or Decree; and the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland are hereby authorized and required to receive and hold all such Monies subject to the Orders of the said Court of Exchequer

Provided always, that no such Monies shall be charged with or subject to Poundage, when the same shall be paid out by Order of the said Court.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where, in any Orders made by

Suit between Party and Party, any Decree shall be pronounced, or Exchequer in any Order made for Payment or for accounting for Money, by the Ap-

Barons

112

tified to Exchequer in England; inrolled, and Process issued to enforce Obedience, &c.

Statutes of England, and of G. B. printed and published by The King’s Printer, received as conclusive Evidence in any Court in Ireland; Statutes of Ireland prior to Union, so printed and published. Evidence in any Court in G. B.

C. 90. 41° GEO. III. A.D. 1801.

I

Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, the Lord Chief Baron, or any one of the Barons of the said Court for the time being, shall, upon Application made to them respectively, cause a Copy of such Order or Decree to be exemplified and certified to the Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, under the Seal of the said Court of Exchequer in Ireland; and the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer in England shall forthwith cause such Order or Decree, when it shall be presented to them so exemplified, to be inrolled in the Rolls of the Court of Exchequer in England, and shall cause Process of Attachment and Committal to issue against the Person of the Party against whom such Order or Decree shall have been made respectively, in Order to enforce Obedience to, and Performance of the same, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and purposes, as if such Order or Decree had been originally pronounced in the said Court of Exchequer in j England; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in England, for the time being, from time to time, to make Orders upon Petition as the Occasion may require for Payment of Money levied under such Process as aforesaid into the Bank of England, in the Name of the Deputy Remembrancer of the said Court, in Trust for the Benefit of the Party who shall have obtained such Order or Decree; and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby authorized and required to receive and hold all such Monies, subject to the Orders of the said Court of Exchequer: Provided always, that no such Monies shall be charged with or subject to Poundage, when the same shall be paid out by Order of the said Court.

IX. And, for the better and more effectual Proof of the Statute

Law of the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, and of

and Ireland, previous to the Union of the said Kingdoms, in all

Courts of Civil and Criminal Jurisdiction in every Part of the said United Kingdom Be it enacted, That the Copy of the Statutes of the Kingdom of England, and of the Kingdom of Great Britain since the Union with Scotland, printed and published by the Printer duly authorized to print and publish the fame by His Majesty, or by any of His Royal Predecessors, shall be received as conclusive Evidence of the several Statutes made and enacted prior to the Union of the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, by the Parliaments of England and Great Britain respectively, in all Suits, Actions or Prosecutions respectively, commenced, instituted or carried on, or to be commenced, instituted or carried on, in any Court of Civil or Criminal Jurisdiction, in that Part of the United Kingdom called

Ireland;and in like manner the Copy of the Statutes of the Kingdom of Ireland, made and enacted by the Parliament of the same prior to the Union of the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, and printed and published by the Printer duly authorized by His Majesty, or any of His Royal Predecessors, to print and publish the fame, shall be received as conclusive Evidence of the several Statutes made and enacted by the Parliament of Ireland, prior to the Union of the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, in all Suits, Actions or Prosecutions respectively, commenced, instituted or carried on, or to be commenced, instituted or carried on, in any Court of Civil or Criminal Jurisdiction, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain.

A.D. 1801. 41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

C. 91.

113

CAP. XCI.

An Act for the better Regulation and Collection of certain Duties of Excise.

[2d 1801.]

WHEREAS by the Laws now in force in Great every

Maltster and Maker of Malt is liable to the Penalty of Five

Shillings for every Bushel of Corn or Grain in the Couch, steeped in order to the making thereof into Malt, and found in the Malt House of such Maltster, so hard, close and compact, as it could not

be, unless the fame had by some means or other been forced together to prevent the riling and swelling thereof: And Whereas no means are hitherto provided for the Officers of Excise to establish,

by Experiment, whether any such Corn or Grain has been in reality so forced together; and it is therefore expedient that the Power and Authority herein after mentioned should be given for the purpose of making such Experiment Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Supervisor, and any other Officer of Excise in Great Britain, by themselves, or by any Person or Persons by them employed for that purpose, in the Presence of such Maltster, or his, her or their Servant, (if such Maltster or Servant shall think fit to be present at such Operation,) to throw or remove all the Corn or Grain from or out of any Couch which such Supervisor or Officer shall suspect to have been forced together, and to throw and lay the fame level in such Malt House; and if any Increase shall be found in the Gauge or Quantity of such Corn or Grain, on the Removal and laying the fame level as aforesaid, exceeding the Rate of One Bushel in every Twenty Bushels over and above the Quantity which the fame appeared to be by the previous Gauge thereof taken in the Couch, then, and in every such case, Proof being made of such Increase as aforesaid, the same shall be deemed conclusive Evidence, that such Maltster, or Maker of Malt, did tread, ram or otherwise force together the said Corn or Grain in the Couch, or that the fame was so hard, close and compact, as it could not be, unless the fame had by some means or other been forced together to prevent the rising and swelling thereof; and such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Five Shillings for every Bushel of such Corn or Grain of such Couch.

II. And Whereas the Laws in force relating to the Duty of Excise imposed for and in respect of Bricks made in Great Britain, prescribe no Dimensions for such Bricks, and many Brick Makers have of late made Bricks of very unusually large Sizes, whereby the said Duty is likely to be greatly diminished,

and it is therefore expedient to provide a Remedy against the Mischief which would arise to the Revenue, should the making of Bricks of such large Sizes become general Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of One thousand eight hundred and one, if any Person or Persons shall make any Bricks in Great Britain, which, while drying or hardening in the Field, Shed or other Place or Places where the same shall be made pi prepared after being turned out of the Moulds, and before re-4'1 Geo. III. {U*K>) I moved

Regulations for Excile Officers removing Grain from Couch and hying it level in the Malt House.

In what case considered as forced together.

[Penalty.]

Bricks exceeding in Dimensions 10 Inches long, 3 thick and 5 wide, before removed to Kiln,

114

C. 91.

A.D. 1801.

thargeable with additional Duty of 5s. per 1000.

Commodity manufactured in Imitation of Coffee, or found in Custody of Dealer in Coffee, forfeited.

[Penalty.]

In what case Proof that it is not made in Imitation of Coffee on Owner by Oath of Two credible Witnesses.

38 G.3. c. 54. § 6. repealed.

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

moved to the Kiln or Clamp for burning, shall be found to exceed any of the following Dimensions; that is to say, Ten Inches long. Three Inches thick and Five Inches wide, the Maker or Makers of such Bricks shall be, and he and they is and are hereby made chargeable with, and shall, over and above all other Duties now payable on such or any other Bricks by Law, pay an additional Duty of Five Shillings for every Thousand of such Bricks, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity of such Bricks; and the Officers of Excise are hereby required to make their Charge of Duty accordingly; which said additional Duty on such Bricks, exceeding any of the Dimensions aforesaid, shall be paid by all and every such Maker and Makers, at the respective times, and in the same manner, and under the like Rules, Regulations and Penalties, as the other Duties of Excise charged and chargeable by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force relating to Bricks made in Great Britain are now made chargeable and payable; and the said additional Duty shall be applied in like manner as the said Duties by Law imposed for or in respect of Bricks made in Great Britain are now by Law directed to be applied.

III. And Whereas Commodities made in Imitation of, and intended to be sold and made use of as Substitutes for Coffee have of late been found in the Custody and Possession of various Dealers in

Coffee in Great Britain, and it is therefore expedient to make such Provision as is herein after mentioned Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and one, if any Commodity manufactured in Imitation of, or to resemble Coffee, or to serve as a Substitute for Coffee, or alleged so to be, shall be made for Sale, or fold, or shall be found in the Custody or Possession of any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Coffee in Great Britain, the same shall be forfeited, together with the Packages containing the fame, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Person or Persons so making or felling the fame, or the Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Coffee, in whose Custody or Possession the Tame shall be found, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Commodity shall be seized by virtue of or in pursuance of this Act, as being a Commodity manufactured in Imitation of, or to resemble Coffee, or to serve as a Substitute for Coffee; or if any Action shall be brought by the Owner or Claimer of any such Commodity against any Officer or Officers of Excise, or any Person acting in his or their Assist-alice, for such Seizure of any such Commodity, the Proof that the Commodity so seized is not a Commodity manufactured in Imitation of Coffee, or to resemble Coffee, or to serve as a Substitute for Coffee, shall lie upon the Owner or Claimer thereof, by the Oaths of Two credible Witnesses, being skilful and experienced Persons, competent to decide, by Inspection and Examination thereof.

V. And Whereas by a Clause in an Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend several Laws of Excise relating to Coach, Auctioneers, Beer

6 and Cyder exported, Certificates and, Stamps on Hides and

Skins, Drawbacks on Wines and Sand Ale and Beer, it

was enacted, that if any Person or Persons whatever should court-

terfei-

A.D. 1801.

C. 91.

115

41° GEO. III. (U

terfeit or forge, or cause or procure to be counterfeited or forged,

any Certificate authorized or required to be granted by any Officer < or Officers of Excise, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of that Act,

and relating to any of the Duties of Excise; or if any Person or Persons should knowingly or willingly give any false or untrue Certificate as aforesaid, or should knowingly or willingly accept or receive any false or untrue Certificate as aforesaid, or if any Person

or Persons should fraudulently alter or erase any such true Certificate, after the fame should have been given or granted by the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, or if any Person or Persons should knowingly or willingly publish, or make use of any such Certificate so counterfeited, forged, false, untrue, altered or erased, every Person or Persons so offending, should, for each and every such Offence, severally forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds: And Whereas it is expedient to repeal the said recited Clause, and in lieu thereof to direct that every Person or Persons so offending shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and subject to such Punishment as is herein after directed Be it therefore enacted,

That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight Forging Certifi-hundred and one, the said recited Clause shall be, and the fame is c.ites required to hereby repealed; and that, from and after the said Fifth Day of be granted by July One thousand eight hundred and one, if any Person or Persons whatever shall counterfeit or forge, or cause or procure to be coun- -]Tlgly giving 0’ terfeited or forged, any Certificate authorized or required to be receiving false granted by any Officer or Officers of Excise, under or by virtue of Certificates, any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, and relating to any of the Duties of Excise, or if any Perfoft or Persons shall knowingly or willingly give any false or untrue Certificate as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or willingly accept or receive any false or untrue Certificate as aforesaid, or if any Person or Persons shall fraudulently alter or erase any such true Certificate, after the same shall have been given or granted by the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, or if any Person or Persons shall knowingly or willingly publish or make use of any such Certificate so counterfeited, forged, false, untrue, altered or erased, then, and in every such case, the Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall for such his, her or their Offence be transported as a Felon Punishment, or Felons for the Space of Seven Years, in such manner as Felons are appointed to be transported by an Act made in the Twenty fourth 240.3. Sess. Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for c-56-effectual Transportation of Felons and other, and to authorize the Removal of Prisoners in certain, and for other poses therein mentioned.

VI. And Whereas by an Act made in the Twenty sixth Year 260.3.1; 40.

of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for § *7-

lating the Production of Manifefls; and for more effectually preventing fraudulent Practices in obtaining Bounties and

and in the clandestine relanding of Goods, it was amongst other 6 things enacted, that it should and might be lawful for the Commanders of any of His Majesty's Ship6 or Vessels of War, or any Commissioned, Warrant or Petty Officer, specially authorized by them,

to seize without any Deputation or Commission from the Commissioners

lie

C. 91.

A.D. 1801.

c

Seizures made by Commanders of Ships of War, of Goods liable to Excise Duty, may be lodged in any of His Majesty's Ware-houses of Excise in Great Britain, under Care of Officer, &c.

41° GEO. III.

sioners of His Majesty's Customs or Excise, for that Purpose, any Goods or Commodities whatever, or any Ships or Vessels whatever which should be subject to Forfeiture by that Act, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament then in force, for any Offence against the Revenue of Customs or Excise, provided the Commander of such Ship or Vessel of War should bring, or cause to be brought, every such Seizure to His Majesty's Warehouse, at the nearest Custom House to which such Seizure could conveniently be brought, and should there lodge and deposit the fame in the Custody, and under the Charge and Care of the proper Officer of the Customs, in case the Seizure should be made under any Act for securing the Revenue of Customs, or in the Custody and under the Charge and Care of the proper Officer of Excise, in case it should be made under any Act for securing the Revenue of Excise only, and should, in all Respects in regard to the Prosecution or Delivery of any such Seizure, conform to all and each and every of the Rules,

Regulations and Restrictions to which the Officers of His Majesty's Customs and Excise were then, in case of any such Seizures made by them respectively, subject; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: And Whereas it is expedient to provide, that any such Seizures made under oc by virtue of the said recited Act, of any Goods or Commodities for or in respect whereof any Duty of Excise is by Law imposed, or of any Ship or Vessel which shall be subject to Forfeiture for or in respect of any such Goods or Commodities, shall and may be brought to,

and lodged and deposited in some or one of His Majesty's Warehouses of Excise, if the Commander or Officer or Officers making such Seizure shall deem it expedient so to do; and also that such Seizures shall be prosecuted in like manner as Seizures made by 6 Officers of Excise are prosecuted by the Laws relating to the Revenue of Excise;’ Be it therefore enacted, That any such Seizure of any Goods or Commodities for or in respect whereof any Duty of Excise is by Law imposed, or of any Ship or Vessel which shall be subject to Forfeiture for or in respect of any such Goods or Commodities, shall and may be brought to and lodged in some or one of His Majesty's Warehouses of Excise in Great, in the Custody

and under the Charge and Care of the proper Officer of Excise, if the Commander, or Officer or Officers making such Seizure, shall deem it expedient so to do, instead of bringing such Seizure to His Majesty's Warehouse at the Custom House, according to the Directions of the said recited Act; and that every such Seizure so brought to, and lodged and deposited in any such Excise Warehouse shall be prosecuted by and under the Directions of the Commissioners of Excise in like manner as Seizures made by Officers of Excise are or may be prosecuted by any Law or Laws relating to the Revenue of Excise; any thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. And Whereas by the Laws now in force certain Bounties and Drawbacks of Excise are prohibited from being granted for or in respect of certain Exciseable Goods and Commodities exported from Great Britain for Ireland, or for the Islands of Guernsey or Jersey-, until a Certificate is produced certifying that the Goods

have been duly landed there: And Whereas no such Certificate can c be produced for or in respect of such Goods as in the Voyage to

any

A.D. 1801.

C. 91.

117

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

any such Place of Destination may unfortunately happen to be

loll by being taken by Enemies, or by perishing in the Seas, and

it is therefore expedient in any such case as is herein after mentioned,

to allow the Excise Bounties and Drawbacks for or in respect of

any such Goods so loft as aforesaid ;* Be it therefore enacted, That Commissioners in every case where it shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Excise, or the major Part of them, in - m t'ne Ex_ land and Scotland respectively, that any exciseable Goods or Commo- portation to Ire-dities for or in respect whereof any Bounty or Drawback of Excise is land, &c. which given or granted by Law, and which were fairly and regularly ex- are entitled to ported from Great Britain for Irelandf Guernsey or Jersey, have, in on the Voyage to such Place of Destination, been unfortunately loft, by iancjing, may being taken by Enemies or perishing in the Seas, (the Examination order Debenture and Proof thereof being left to the Judgment of the said respective to be made out Commissioners,) it shall and may be lawful to and for the said re- for Payment, on spective Commissioners, or the major Part of them respectively, to order the Debenture to be made out for such Bounty or Drawback, were or to pay such Bounty or Drawback for or in respect of any such Goods or Commodities so loft as aforesaid; any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VIII. And Whereas, by an Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, an Excise Duty was chargeable for and upon all Sales by way of Auction in Great Britain, of any Goods or Chattels according to the respective Rates therein expressed: And Whereas it is expedient that further Exemption from the said Duty should be made in favour of certain Articles, other than such as are now exempted from the same Be it ^therefore enacted, That, from and Corn, &c. ira-after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and one, all ported into G.Be Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, Rice, Pease, Beans and other Corn ^u^ons^nder and Grain of every Sort, Flour and Meal, imported into that Part q 3. 13.

of the United Kingdom called Great Brita, and all Beef, Pork, [Sched. F.] at Hams, Bacon, Cheese and Butter, imported as aforesaid, shall be the First Sale free of the said Duty, on the first Sale thereof by Auction in Great thereof on^Ac-Britain, by or for the Account of the original Importer, to whom com'u °i(^ 6 the same shall be consigned, and by whom the same shall be entered

at the Custom House at the Port of Importation, so as such Sale be made within Twelve Months after such Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats,

Rice, Pease, Beans and other Corn and Grain respectively, Flour and Meal, or Beef, Pork, Hams, Bacon, Cheese or Butter, shall be imported, and by some Person duly licensed to exercise the Trade or Business of an Auctioneer.

IX. And Whereas certain Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, have been for some time under Sequestration in the Ports of and

are shortly expected to arrive in this Kingdom: And Whereas it may become necessary to fell large Quantities thereof by Auction upon such Arrival, in order to the ascertaining the Value thereof,

for the more speedy Settlement of Accounts between the Owners and Proprietors or Consignees of such Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, and Persons who have underwritten on the fame, or become Insurers thereof: And Whereas it is therefore expedient that such Goods, Wares and Merchandizes should be exempt from the Payment of the Duty charged upon Sales by way of Auction Be

13 it

118

C. 91.

A.D. 1801.

Treasury may order Goods which were under Sequestration in Ruilia, and fold in the United Kingdom, to be exempted from the Auction Duty, &c.

Hides, &c. found on any other than entered Premises forfeited, and the Per Lon in whole Custody found shall forfeit xool.

39G. 3- c. 6j. §§ 7, 8. repealed, and other Provisions ftib-stituted in lieu thereof.

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby empowered, on Proof made to their Satisfaction, that any Goods, Wares and Merchandizes imported into this Country from RuJJla, have been detained and kept in that Country under Sequestration, during the late Disputes, and are to be sold in the United Kingdom for the Benefit of the Owners, Proprietors and Insurers thereof, to grant a Certificate thereof, and on the Production of such Certificate, such Goods, Wares and Merchandizes, shall be exempt from the Payment of the Duty of Excise chargeable thereon, for and in respect of the first Sale by Auction of such Goods, Wares and Merchandizes; and the same shall be thereupon free of the Duty of Excise on such first Sale thereof by Auction in the United Kingdom, for and on Account of the Owners, Proprietors and Insurers thereof; any thing in any Act or Acts contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and one, if any Hide or Skin

tanned, tawed or dressed in Oil, shall be found in any Place whatsoever in Great Britain (except on the entered Premises of any Tanner, Tawer, Currier or Dresser of Leather in Oil) without having thereon the Mark or Stamp to denote the charging of the Duty for such Hide or Skin, the same shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession the same shall be'found shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XI. And Whereas by an Act made in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for allowing, 4 until the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred andfve, a further Bounty upon Pilchards and for amend-

ingan Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to

the Commissioners of Excise, it was amongst other things provided,

that the Merchant or Merchants on whose Account or to whose Order any Salt should be shipped to be carried or removed Coastwise, for curing or preserving Fish, should give sufficient Bond or Security in Treble the Amount of the Duty of the Salt intended to be delivered; and that such Bond should be cancelled and discharged upon such Merchant or Merchants producing to the proper Officer of Excise, within Three Months, a Certificate testifying the Delivery of such Salt to the Fish Curer to whom the fame was consigned: And Whereas it is expedient to repeal the said Provisions, and to substitute other Provisions in lieu and instead thereofp Be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and one, the said Provisions shall be, and the same are hereby severally repealed, and that from thenceforward, immediately upon the Arrival of any Flat, Barge, Boat or Vessel, having on board any Salt intended to be used or employed in the curing or preserving of Fish, at the Port at which such Salt is intended to be shipped or put on board any Ship or Vessel to be therein carried or removed Coastwise, for the Delivery to the Fish Curer or Fish Curers for or to whom the fame is to be consigned or sent, the Merchant or Merchants on whose Account or to whose Order the same shall be delivered, shall, either by him or themselves,

or

A.D. 1801.

C. 91.

119

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

or by any other Person or Persons, give sufficient Bond or Security to be approved of by the Commissioners of Excise, or the Person or Persons who shall be appointed or employed by them for that purpose, in the single Value of the Amount of the Duty of the Salt so intended to be delivered for the purpose of curing and preserving Fish, (in which Bond or Security the Matter or Owner of the Ship or Vessel in which the Salt is to be carried or conveyed shall join,) that all such Salt, and every Part thereof shall (the Danger of the Enemies only excepted) be duly delivered into the Custody or Possession of such Fish Curer or Fish Curers for or to whom the fame is to be consigned or sent; and that no Part of such Salt shall, before the same shall be delivered into the Custody or Possession of such Fish Curer or Fish Curers as aforesaid, be fold or delivered for Home Trade or Consumption, or otherwise fraudulently disposed of in Great Britain.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every such Bond or Security shall be cancelled and discharged upon the Merchant or Merchants on whose Account or to whole Order any such Salt shall have been so delivered as aforesaid, producing to and leaving with the proper Officer of Excise a Certificate under the Hand of such other Officer of Excise as shall be authorized to give and grant the fame, testifying that all and every Part of the Salt mentioned in such Bond or Security (allowing or deducting at and after the Rate of One Bushel in every One hundred Bushels of such Salt for natural Watte during the Voyage) has been duly delivered into the Custody or Possession of the Fish Curer or Fish Curers for whom the fame was intended, or to whom the fame was consigned or sent, and that Bond or Security has been given by or on the Part of such Fish Curer or Fish Curers, that all such Salt sent or consigned to him, her or them, and delivered into his, her or their Custody, or Possession, shall be used in curing and preserving Fish: Provided always, that such

Certificate shall be produced to and left with such Officer as aforesaid, within Six Months next after the Day on which such Salt shall have been so shipped or put on board the Ship or Vessel in which the fame is to be carried or removed Coastwise for such Delivery to the Fiffi Curer or Fish Curers as aforesaid.

" Such Bonds shall not be subject to Stamp Duty, $ 13. Persons obstructing Officers in the Execution of this Act shall " forfeit 200I. $ 14* Fines and Forfeitures shall be recovered, and mitigated as under Excise Laws, or by Action in the Courts " at Westminsteri or Court of Exchequer in, One half to

« the King and One half to the Informer, $ 15.

CAP. XCII.

An Act to alter the Bounties payable on Wheaten Flour and Indian Corn imported into Ireland ( )and for providing a Method for recovering the Forfeitures created by an Act of this Session of Parliament to prohibit the making of Malt, and distilling of Spirits from Corn or Grain in ( )

[gd July 1801.]

(a) [ Between the \ 2th Nov. 1800 and 10. 1801, and between the 18 th Jan. 1801, and 2$th March 1801.]

(£) [ Until the 2 $th March 1802, c. 24.

14 CAP.

How such Bonds shall be discharged.

EXP.

120

C. 93, 94, 95.

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

A.D. 1801.

EXP.

American Goods may be imported from United States into Ireland, in Ships of built of this Kingdom, or in American Ships, Sec. under certain Regulations.

CAP. XCIII.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and two, so much of an made

in the present Session of Parliament, as permits British Hops to be imported into Ireland at a low Rate of Duty. (

[2d July 1801.] (a) \_Cap.41. ante, and this Act continued until the 'lyth March

1803* 42 G.3. c. 31. § 1.but now expired

CAP. XCIV.

An Act to empower the Importers or Proprietors of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations to land the fame in Ireland, before Payment of the Duties of Excise charged thereon, and to lodge the fame in Warehouses at their own Expence, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight.

[2d July 1801.]

{This Act continued 48 G.3. c. 17. and until the 2,5th Day of March 1810, 49 G.3. c. 30. § 3. but now

CAP. XCV.

An Act to facilitate the Trade and Intercourse between Ireland and the United States of America, during the Continuance of the Treaty of Amity, Commerce and Navigation, between His Majesty and the said States.

[2d July 1801.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that certain Regulations should be

made to facilitate Trade and Intercourse between that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland, and the United States O America, and to regulate the fame agreeably to the Treaty of Amity, Commerce and Navigation, subsisting between His Majesty and the said States Be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to import into directly from

any of the Territories of the United States of, in Ships or

Vessels of the built of the said United Kingdom, owned, navigated and registered according to Law, or in Ships built in any Country belonging to the United States of, or in Ships taken by any Ship or Vessel of War belonging to the Government, or any of the Inhabitants of the United States, having Commissions or Letters of Marque, and Reprisal from the Government of the said United States, and condemned as lawful Prize in any Court of Admiralty of the said United States, of which Condemnation Proof shall be given, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Revenues in Ireland,or any Three or more of them, and owned by the Subjects of any of the said United, and whereof the Matter and Three fourths of the Mariners at least are Subjects of the said United States, any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, the Growth, Production or Manufacture of the said United which are not

prohibited by Law to be imported from Foreign Countries j and to

enter

A.D. 1801.

C. 95.

121

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

enter and land such Goods, Wares and Merchandize upon Payment of the Duties, and subject to the Conditions and Regulations herein after mentioned; any Law, Cuilora or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And be it enacted, That all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported either in such Ships, or in Ships of the said United Kingdom, owned, navigated and registered according to Law, (except such Goods, Wares or Merchandize as are herein after particularly described,) shall and may be entered and landed upon Payment of such Duties, and no higher, as are payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandize of the like Denomination or Description, upon their Importation into Ireland’, in Ships of the said United Kingdom from any other Foreign Country, and in cases where different Duties are imposed upon Goods, Wares and Merchandize of the like Denomination or Description, imported from different Foreign Countries, then, upon Payment of the lowest Duties, which by Law are required to be paid on the Importation in Ships of the said United Kingdom, of any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize from any Foreign Country.

III. And be it enacted, That any Pig Iron, Bar Iron, Pitch, Tar, Turpentine, Rosin, Pot-afh, Pearl-afh, Mahogany, Mails, Yards and Bowsprits, being of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of the said United States; and all Staves, and all manufactured Goods and Merchandize whatsoever which are not prohibited by Law to be imported into Ireland from any Foreign Country, shall and may be imported into Ireland in Ships of the said United Kingdom, or in American Ships, owned and navigated as herein-before described, upon Payment of such Duties as are payable on the like Goods, Wares and Merchandize, when accompanied with the Certificates required by Lawr, upon their Importation into Ireland in Ships of the said United Kingdom, from any British Island or Plantation in America, notwithstanding such Goods, Wares or Merchandize may not be accompanied with the Certificates heretofore required by Law.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That upon the Importation into Ireland from the United States of, of Wheat,

Wheat Meal or Flour, Rye, Barley, Beer or Bigg, Oats, Oatmeal, Pease, Beans, Indian Corn and Maize, the Duties to be paid thereon respectively shall be regulated and ascertained according to the Prices of Wheat, Rye, Barley, Beer or Bigg, Pease, Beans, Oats and Oatmeal, in the manner set forth and specified in an Act passed in Ireland, in the Thirty first Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the Increase of Agriculture and

a reciprocal Preference in the Corn Trade between this Kingdom and Great Britain.

V. And be it enacted, That all Oil made from Fish or Creatures living in the Sea, and Blubber, Whale Fins, and Spermaceti, being the Produce of the Fisheries carried on by the People of the said United States of America, may be imported into Ireland in Ships of the said United Kingdom, or in American Ships owned and navigated as herein-before described, upon Payment of such Duties as are or may be payable on the like Goods and Merchandize upon their Importation, into Ireland in Ships of the said United Kingdom from Countries not under the Dominion of His Majesty.

On Payment of what Duties Goods so imported may be landed.

The like as to American Pig Iron, be. imported, though not accompanied with Certificates.

Duties on Importation of Wheat, &c. how ascertained, the Prices in the 31 G. 3. c. 20.

On Payment of what Duties American Oil, &c. may be so imported.

122

C. 95.

A.D. 1801.

The like as to American Tobacco and Snuff imported.

37 G.3. c. 42.

The Duties as to said ware-housed American Rice imported.

Such Rice may be imported into such Parts of Ireland where Tea may lie imported, without Payment of Duty, under certain Conditions.

Importer may have Accel's to Warehouses.

Such Rice, when taken out of Warehouses for Home Consumption, shall

41° GEO. III.

(U.K)

VI. And be it enacted, That any Tobacco, being the Growth or Production of any of the Territories of the said United States of America,may be imported in Ships of the said United Kingdom or

in American Ships owned and navigated as herein-before described, upon Payment of the same Duties as Tobacco imported into Ireland by British Subjects from any 1 British Colony or Plantation in America is or may hereafter be subject to; and that Snuff, being the Production and Manufacture of any of the said Territories, may be imported into Ireland in manner before mentioned, upon Payment of such Duties as Snuff, being the Production or Manufacture of Europe imported from Europe, is or hereafter may be subject to, and may be warehoused and again exported; such Tobacco and Snuff to be subject respectively nevertheless to all and singular the Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures relating to the Importation and Exportation thereof, or in any other Respect relating thereto, of an Act made and passed in Ireland in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating and extending the Tobacco Tra, and for securing the Duties payable upon the Import and Manufacture of Tobacco: Provided always, that such Tobacco shall be accompanied with a Manifest as by Law required.

VII. And be it enacted, That any Rice, being the Growth or

Production of any of the Territories of the United States of

which shall be imported directly from thence into any of the Ports of Ireland in manner before mentioned, may, upon the Importer paying down in ready Money, the Duty of Eight pence the Hundred Weight, being Part of the Duties now payable on the Importation of Rice, be landed and warehoused, except as herein after provided, under the Joint Locks of His Majesty and the Importer, in such Warehouses as shall be approved of for that Purpose by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Revenue in Ireland or any Three or more of them, or by the Collector in the Port into which such Rice shall be imported, upon the Importer’s own Bond for Payment of the Remainder of the Duties due and payable for such Rice within Eighteen Months, according to the Net Weight and Quantity of such Rice at the time it shall be so landed.

VIII. Provided always, That upon the Importation of any such Rice into any Port of Ireland, into which Teas may lawfully be imported in the manner herein-before expressed, the Importer shall be at liberty to enter and land the fame, without Payment of any Duty whatever, upon Condition that such Rice shall be warehoused under the Joint Locks of His Majesty and the Importers, in such Warehouses as shall be approved of for that purpose by the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, or by the Collector of the Port where such Rice shall be imported; and that the Storeage and every Expence attending such Warehousing shall be borne by the Importers; and that such Importer or Importers, or his or their known Servant, shall, from time to time, at all seasonable Hours as Occasion may require, have free Access to such Warehouses in the Presence of iome proper Officer of the Customs, for the purpose of ikreening and ffiifting the Rice to prevent it receiving Damage; and that if any Rice which shall be so imported from the Territories of the said United States into any of the Ports above mentioned respectively, and warehoused as aforesaid, shall be taken out of the Warehouses

A.D. 1801.

C. 95.

123

41° GEO. III.

houses wherein the same shall be secured under the joint Locks of His Majesty and the Importers as aforesaid, for Home Consumption, the full Duties due and payable by Law upon the Importation of such Rice into Ireland for Home Consumption, shall, previously to its being taken out of such Warehouses, be paid to the Collector at the Port where such Rice shall be so warehoused; but that such Importer, if he intends to export such Rice, shall have the Liberty to export the fame from such Warehouses i*espectively, under the fame Regulations under which any Goods may be exported by Law, immediately before the passing of this Act, without Payment of any Duty whatever, provided that the Exportation of any Rice to be warehoused under the Authority of this Act, be made within the said Space of Eighteen Months; but if not exported within that Period, the full Duties payable by Law shall be paid for the same, and not be afterwards drawn back; provided that if any Rice warehoused under the Authority of this Act shall remain in such Warehouse beyond the Period of Eighteen Months, upon which the full Duties payable by Law shall not have been paid, then and in such case the same shall and may be sold for the Duties in like manner, and under the same Rules, Regulations and Restrictions as any other Goods are now directed by Law to be sold for the Duties, and the Produce applied in like manner as is directed by the said Act passed in

Ireland, in the Thirty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for regulating and extending the Tobacco

and for securing the Ditties payable upon the Import and Manufacture

of Tobacco.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be confirmed to prevent the Importation of Rice and other Articles without Payment of any Duty whatever, by virtue of an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for making Pro'ufion for the Entry and Return Toy ages of certain Ships, which may import Rice or other Grain from the East Indies, and to authorise the Importation oj Rice or other Grain into Ireland, in Ships coming directly from the East Indies.

X. And be it enacted, That all Goods, Wares and Merchandize

so imported into Ireland from the United States of, shall,

upon the Exportation thereof to any Foreign Country, be entitled to the same Drawbacks as are, or may hereafter be by Law allowed upon the Exportation of Goods, Wares and Merchandize of the like Denomination and Description, when exported from Ireland to any Foreign Country; and that there shall be allowed and paid the fame Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize exported from Ireland to any of the Territories of the said United

States, as are or may hereafter be allowed by Law upon the Exportation of Goods, Wares or Merchandize of the like Denomination or Description, to any of the Islands belonging to the Crown of the said United Kingdom in America.

XI. And be it further enacted, That there shall be allowed and

paid the fame Drawbacks upon the Exportation from Ireland of any Sort of Foreign Hemp or Foreign Iron to any Colony or

Plantation in America, and to any of the Territories of the said United States of America, as are or may hereafter be allowed by Law, upon the Exportation from Ireland of the like Sort of Hemp or Iron to other Foreign Parts.

XII. Arid

pay the full Duties

but may be exported Duty free, under subsisting Regulations, within l8 Months.

If Duties not paid on ware-housed Rice in 18 Months, it may lie fold, as under %3.

c. 4*. (M

Proviso for Importation of Rice, &c. Duty free, under c. 37. ante.

Goods imported into Ireland from America, on Exportation to any Foreign Country, and Goods exported from Ireland to America entitled to Drawbacks and Bounties.

Drawback on Exportation of Foreign Hemp and Iron from Ireland to America.

124

C. 95,96.

A.D. 1801.

Duties and Drawbacks managed as under former Irish Acts; and Goods subject to Conditions and Regulations of such Acts.

Duties carried to lrifli Consolidated Fund.

Continuance of

A a.

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

XII. And be it enacted, That the Duties and Drawbacks of the Duties for and in respect of the several Goods, Wares or Merchandize by this Act imposed and allowed, shall and may be managed, ascertained, raised, collected, paid, recovered and allowed in such and the like manner, and in or by any or either of the means, Ways or Methods, by which any former Duties and Drawbacks of Duties upon Goods, Wares or Merchandize of the same Sorts or Kinds respectively, were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, collected, paid, recovered or allowed; and the Goods, Wares or Merchandize so by this Act made liable to the Payment of Duties upon the Importation thereof into Ireland, or so entitled to Drawback of Duties on the Exportation thereof from Ir, or on any other Account whatever, shall be, and the same are hereby made subject and liable to every Condition, Regulation, Rule, Restriction and Forfeiture to which any Goods, Wares or Merchandize in general, and to every Special Condition, Rule, Regulation and Forfeiture to which the like Goods, Wares or Merchandize respectively were subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force in, on or

immediately before the passing of this Act, respecting any Revenue arising on the Importation of Goods, Wares or Merchandize into Ireland, except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act; and every Pain, Penalty, Fine and Forfeiture for any Offence committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force in Ireland, on or immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the said Revenues of Irelor for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, unless where expressly altered by this Act, shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised and put in Execution for and in respect of the Duties and Drawbacks hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample manner as if all such Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures were reenacted in this Act.

XIII. And be it enacted, That all Monies arising from the Duties payable by virtue of this Act, the necessary Charges of railing and accounting for the fame excepted, shall from time to time be paid into His Majesty's Exchequer of I, and be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

XIV. And be it enacted, That this Act shall continue in force so long as the said Treaty between His Majesty and the United States of America shall continue in force, and no longer; and may be altered or varied by any Act of this Session of Parliament.

[This AH is expired. The Proclamation for the Distribution of American Prizes is dated 08. 6, 1812.]

CAP. XCVI.

An Act for the better Regulation of His Majesty's Prize Courts in the West Indies and America, and for giving a more speedy and effectual Execution to the Decrees of the Lords Commissioners of Appeals.

[2d 1801.]

WHEREAS Your Majesty has been pleased, by a Letter

of Lord Grenville, One of Your Majesty's Principal Se-

6 cretaries of State, bearing Date the Twenty second Day of -

14 4 nuary

A.D. 1801.

C. 96.

125

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

nuary One thousand eight hundred and one, to direct the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to revoke the Commissions of Prize heretofore granted to the Vice Admiralty Courts in the West

except at Jamaica and Martinico: And Whereas it is fit and may tend to the due Administration of Justice, that Your Majesty should be enabled to make competent Provision for the several Judges of Vice Admiralty Courts in any Two of the Islands in the Indies, and at Halifax in America; and that the Proceedings of the Paid Courts, and the Fees of the Judges and other Officers of the said Courts, should be duly regulated Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by any Order in Council, to fix and ascertain proper and adequate Salaries for the said Judges of the Vice Admiralty Courts established in any Two of the Islands in the West Indies, and likewise at Halifax in, not exceeding the

Sum of Two thousand Pounds per Annum for any One of such Judges; and such Salary shall be issued, payable and paid out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain,

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain to give and grant to any such Judge upon his Resignation of any such Office, an Annuity for the Term of his Life, not exceeding One thousand Pounds, to be issued and payable, and paid out of the Consolidated Fund; and such Annuity shall be charged and chargeable, and paid and payable in like manner in every Respect, and under and subject to such Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures as are contained in an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Augmentation of the Salaries of the Judges of the Courts in Westminster Hall, and also of the Lords of Session, Lords Commissioners of

and Barons of Exchequer in Scotland, and for enabling His Majesty to grant Annuities to Persons in certain Offices the said Courts of Westminster Hall on their Resignation of their respective Offices: Provided always, that no such Annuity granted to any such Judge shall be valid, unless such Judge shall have continued in One or more of the said Offices for the Period of Six Years, or shall be afflicted with some permanent Infirmity, disabling him from the due Execution of his Office, which shall be distinctly recited in the said Grant.

[See 43 G.3. c, 160. § 22.]

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to establish Rules and Regulations for the said Courts, and from time to time regulate the Fees to be taken by the said Judges, and the other Officers of the said Courts, for all Acts to be done therein, and to alter and amend such Rules and Regulations, and make any new Table or Tables of Fees, as His said Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Council, shall deem fit.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Profits and Emoluments of the said Judges shall in no case exceed the Sum of Two thousand Pounds to each or any or either of the said Judges in any One Year and so in Proportion for any Part of a Year, over and above the Salary of such Judge by this Act granted, and every such Judge

shall

His Majesty may, by Order in Council, fix Salaries for Judges of Two Vice Admiralty Courts in the West Indies, and at Halifax;

and by Letters Patent may grant to any such Judges, upon Resignation, an Annuity as under 39 G.3. c. 110.

Provided as to Judge’s continuance in Office, or disabled.

His Majesty may establish Rules for the Courts, and regulate the Fees,

Amount of the Profits of each Judge over his Salary, to keep an Account thereof.

126

C. 96.

A.D. 1801.

What Powers the Courts may exercise over Prizes in the West Indies, &c.

Said Courts may itfue Commissions, See. to be executed in the other Colonies, &c. for a legal Adjudication; Officers to execute Processes issuing from such Courts.

Where Commission of Ap-

11 " GEO. III.

(U.K.)

shall keep a just and true Account of the Fees and pecuniary Profits and Emoluments received by him as such Judge in each Year, ending on the First Day of January in each Year and shall, as soon after the said First Day of January as the fame can be done, in every Year traiismit an Account thereof to the Commissioners of the Navy, and shall carry all Sum and Sums of Money exceeding the said Sum of Two thousand Pounds to the Account of the succeeding Year, or pay the fame or any Part thereof to such Person or Persons, and in such manner as to the said Commissioners of the Navy shall seem fit, and they shall for that Purpose direct.

V. And Whereas it is expedient that the Powers of the said Courts, and the Execution of their Processes, should be rendered more effectual and easy Be it therefore enacted, That each and every of the said Courts, and the several and respective Judges and Officers thereof in any Two of the Islands in the Indies and at

Halifax, shall have and may exercise over all Prizes carried into any of His Majesty's Colonies in the West, including therein the

Bahama and Bermuda Islands, and over all Persons in any way concerned therein, and in all matters and things relating thereto, all the Powers and Authorities, and shall and may put in Force all the Regulations, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, matters and things relating thereto, as if such Prizes had been actually brought into any Port of the Island or Colony where such Vice Admiralty Court shall be held; and as if the Persons concerned therein were actually resident within such Island or Colony.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Judges and other Officers of the said Courts to issue Commissions, Orders, Decrees, Attachments and other Processes, to be executed in any other of His Majesty's Colonies or Territories in the West Indies or America, including therein the Bahamas and Bermuda Islands, for the Examination of Witnesses for the Appraisement and Sale of captured Property, or for any other Purpose of legal Adjudication; and all such Commissions, Orders, Decrees, Attachments and Processes, shall be valid and effectual, and shall be in full Force, and be put in Execution, in relation to all matters and things cognizable by such Courts, in every Part of His Majesty's Colonies, Plantations and Territories in the West Indies and including therein the said Islands of Bahama and, notwithstanding any Law or Laws of any such Colonies, Plantations or Territories to the contrary thereof; and all Marshals and Deputy Marshals, or other Officers executing Processes of any similar Nature, or in Default of any such being resident in any Island or Colony, all Officers executing any legal Processes, by whatever Name or Names any such Officer shall be called, shall and are hereby required to execute the Processes issuing from the said Courts, and shall be liable to such Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures or Punishments, for any Contempt or any Neglect in executing thereof, as any Officer or Officers of such or the like Description are liable to for any Neglect, and as if such Court was established and held in the Island, Colony or Territory within which the Functions of any such Officers are to be exercised as aforesaid.

t VII. And Whereas it is expedient that the Proceeds or Property < captured and converted by Sale, should be secured until final Ad-i judication Be it enacted, That in all cases where a Commission

A.D. 1801.

C.

12 7

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

of Appraisement and Sale is granted by the Judge of the Vice Admiralty Court before final Sentence, the Proceeds of such Sale shall not remain in the Hands of the Captors or their Agents, but shall be brought into the Registry of the Court, and remain subject to the further Orders of the Court till final Sentence.

VIII. And Whereas Injury is frequently sustained in the Sale of captured Property in remote Parts of His Majesty's Dominions, 4 where there are unsuitable Markets for such Sales Be it therefore enacted, That in case of any Order for further Proof made by any Court of Vice Admiralty, and the Claimants thereof declining to take the Property whereon such Question shall arise upon Bail, it shall be lawful for the Court before which such Question shall be depending, with the Consent of the Captors and Claimants, or their respective Agents, to direct such Property to be sent to

and there to be sold by Consignees, to be named by such Parties as aforesaid, and the Proceeds of Sale to be forthwith deposited in the Bank of England, in the Names of such Consignee, subjetft to the final Adjudication, the Expences of Freight, Insurance and other Charges attending the Transportation and Sale of the Property, to be a Charge thereon; and in case it shall appear to any such Court that the Consent of the Captors shall in any such case be unreasonably withheld, the Captors shall (in case of Restitution) be adjudged and made answerable, and shall pay such Sum as shall be adjudged in any such Court to be equal to the Difference in Value of the Property at the time of such Restoration, and what would have been the Produce thereof if it had been sent for Sale to, such Difference

to be ascertained in such Courts by such Ways and means, and such Evidence as to what such Property would have fold for in Great Britain, and as to the Charges to which the fame would have been subject, as such Court shall deem satisfactory for that purpose.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if on any final Sentence or Adjudication of any such Court, an Appeal shall be duly entered, it shall be lawful for the Court from which such Appeal shall be made, at the Requisition of the Appellant, to direct the Property on which such Sentence or Adjudication shall have taken place, to be sent to England for Sale in like manner as is herein-before directed, and the Proceeds to be deposited in the Bank to abide the Decision of the Lords Commissioners of Appeal; or in case the Property shall have been converted by Sale, the Proceeds thereof shall be sent and deposited in like manner; and in case any Question or Difficulty shall arise respecting any such Property or Proceeds sent to, either be-

fore or after any such Appeal, at any time after their Arrival in England, or respecting the Sale or Proceeds thereof, it shall be competent for either the Captors or Claimants thereof, or their respective Agents, upon Notice to the adverse Parties, or their Agents, to apply by their Prodtor or Proctors to the High Court of Admiralty of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and, if before the Appeal

prosecuted, or afterwards to the Lords Commissioners of Appeal, for Directions in regard to the Sale or Management of such Property or Proceeds, and the said High Court of Admiralty or Lords Commissioners aforementioned respectively are hereby authorized to give such Order and Direction therein as the Nature and Circumstances of the case may require, for the Security of the Property or Proceeds, or for the beneficial Employment of the said Proceeds in Government

Securities

praisement, &c. granted before final Sentence, Proceeds brought into Court.

Proceedings where Claimants decline to take Property on Bail.

Captors unreasonably with, holding Consent to Proceedings to pay the Difference in Value arising in consequence.

On Appeals Court may at Request of Appellants direct the Property or Proceeds to be lent to England for Sale, and deposited in like manner; if any Difficulty arise before or after Appeal, Captors or Claimants may apply to Admiralty Court here, or Commissioners of Appeal.

128

C. 96.

A.D. 1801.

On Appeals, Service upon His Majesty's Proctor deemed Service upon Captain of a King’s Ship; on granting Letter of Marque, Owner to nominate Proctor, Service upon whom, good Service.

Proviso as to Protfor answering for Damages from Non Appearance.

What deemed sufficient Service, where no Appeal entered.

In Captures by Privateers Owners considered Parties, &c.

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

Securities for the Benefit of the Parties who may ultimately be entitled, and to cause such Order and Directions to be enforced and put in Execution, if the same shall be necessary, by such and the like Ways and means, and under and subject to such Penalties, Forfeitures, Regulations and Restrictions, as such Court or Lords Commissioners respectively may use or exercise, in relation to any Property, or Person or Persons, subject to the Jurisdiction or Controul of such Court or Lords Commissioners respectively.

‘ X. And Whereas great Inconveniences have heretofore arisen from Delays in serving the Processes of the Court of Appeal for obtaining Appearances and other Interlocutory Orders;’ Be it therefore enacted, That, in all cases of Captures by His Majesty's Ships, a Service upon His Majesty's Prodtor shall be deemed an effectual Service upon the Commander of the Ship making such Capture; and that upon the taking out of all Letters of Marque, the Owners of the Ships or Vessels in respect whereof such Letters of Marque shall be granted, shall nominate and register in the Court granting such Letter of Marque a Prodtor exercent in the Court of Appeal in Prize causes, with Power of Revocation and Substitution; and a Service of Process upon such Prodtor shall be deemed an effectual Service upon the Commander, Owners and Sureties of Privateers in all cases where an Appeal has been declared in the Court below within Fourteen Days after Sentence; and in case any Privateer shall proceed to Adjudication against any Prize in any other Court than that from which the Letters of Marque shall have issued for such Privateer, it shall be necessary that a Prodtor shall be registered as aforesaid, together with the Names of the Owners of and Sureties for the said Privateer, before the usual Monition is granted, upon which Prodtor in like manner the Service of the Process of the Court of Appeal shall be effectual: Provided nevertheless, that His Majesty's Prodtor, or any Prodtor nominated as aforesaid, shall not be answerable for any Damages arising to their Parties respectively from no Appearance being given in their behalf in the Court of Appeal, unless the Prodtor so nominated shall have accepted such Nomination by a Writing under his Hand, and also unless the said Parties respectively shall have sufficiently instructed their said Prodtors to appear and defend the Appeal.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where no Appeal has been entered as aforesaid, a Service of the Process either upon the Commander of the King’ Ship, or upon his registered Agent in this Kingdom, or upon His Majesty's Law Officer in the Court below, or in cases of Captures made by Privateers upon the Commander of the Privateer, or upon either or any of the Owners, or upon either of the Sureties to the Letters of Marque, shall be deemed a sufficient Service upon the Parties.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in all Proceedings had upon Captures made by any Privateer, the Owners shall be deemed and considered Parties to all and every Part of such Proceedings, and the said Owners, and likewise the Sureties, shall be jointly and severally liable to all Orders and Decrees made therein and made upon them respectively, immediately after final Sentence, without further personal Service upon the Commander, or putting him in Contempt by Process of Contumacy.

A.D. 1801. 41° GEO. III. (U.K.) C. 96.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent any Claimant or Claimants in whose Favour a Sentence of Restitution shall have been faffed, or shall be hereafter passed, from having the Property claimed by him delivered to him or Bail in the manner specified and directed by an Act passed in the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Encouragement of, and for the better

and more effeEtu ally manning His Majesty.

XIV. And Whereas it is expedient that the moll speedy and

effectual Means shall be taken to enforce the Execution of the

Orders and Decrees of the Lords Commissioners of Appeal Be it therefore enacted, That all interlocutory Orders, Final Decrees, Attachments or other Processes issued by the Lords Commissioners of Appeal, to be executed in any of His Majesty's Plantations, may be transmitted to either of the said Vice Admiralty Courts in which the Cause originally depended $ and in respect to causes already depending, or which may have depended, in any other Vice Admiralty Court in the West Indies, including therein the Bahama and Bermuda Islands, before its Functions in Matters of Prize shall have been revoked, then such Order, Decree, Allotment or other Process may be sent to either of the said Vice Admiralty Courts, which' the Lords Commissioners of Appeal shall direct, there to be registered and carried into Execution by the said Court; which Court, upon the fame being duly complied with, shall take the fame Measures as if the said Order, Decree, Attachment or other Process, had originally issued from the said Court.

XV. Provided always* and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to restrain His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, from ilfuing or granting any Commission of Prize to any other Court or Courts, or from making such further Rules or Directions relating to any Courts of Admiralty for the Adjudication and Condemnation of Prizes, as by His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, with the Advice of his or their Privy Council, shall be thought necessary or proper.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case His Majesty should be pleased to issue any Commission of Prize to any other Vice Admiralty Court in the West, such Court shall be subject to the same Regulations, and shall possess the fame Authorities and Powers, as are provided by this Act for the Vice Admiralty Courts in any Two of the Islands in the Indies and at Halifax.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no Person during the time he shall hold the Office of Judge of any of the said Courts, shall, either by himself or by any Person on his Behalf or for his Benefit, act as Agent for any Prizes that may be captured from the Enemy, or shall have any Share or Interest directly or indirectly in any Privateer or Letter of Marque, or shall be any wife concerned in the Care, Management or Superintendance of any Estates in any Island in the West Indies or on the Continent of America.

\Proviso for granting Pensions under this 51 3. I. $ io.;

and this Act. extended during the War to and considered as Part of55 G. 3. c. 160. See $ 74. of that Ad.2

4-1 Geo. III. (U.K.) K CAP.

129

Proviso for Delivery to a Claimant on Restitution under 33 G.3. c. 66. § 24.

Orders, Sec. of Commissioners of Appeal to be executed in the Plantations, may be transmitted to either of Vice Admiralty Courts.

His Majesty 111 Council may grant Commission of Prize to any other Courts, or make further Rules.

Such Courts subject to Rules, &c. under this

a ft.

No Judge to act as Agent for Prizes, or have any Interest in Privateer, or be concerned in the Care of Estates.

ISO

C. 97.

41° GEO. III. A.D. 1801.

§ 17. of 27 G-3 c. 31. as relates to ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by

CAP. XCVII.

An Act to continue several Laws relating to encouraging the Fisheries carried on at Newfoundland and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland and the British Dominions in Europe,until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and three; to the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis’s Streights, until the Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and two; to the making the Port of St. John’s, in the Island of, a free Port, until the Tenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and five; and to the permitting the Importation of Goods and Commodities from Countries in, belonging to any

Foreign European Sovereign or State, in Neutral Ships, until the End of the War, and Six Months after the signing the Definitive Treaty of Peace; for reviving and further continuing, until the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and six, an Act made in the Twenty ninth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; for reviving, continuing until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and two, and amending an Act made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries; and for making perpetual so much of an A made in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty as relates to ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke’s Hydrometer.

[2d July 1801.]

« So much of 26 G. 3. c. 26. for encouraging the Newfoundland Fisheries, &c. as relates to Bounties, continued till Jan. 1, 1803, £ !, — 26 G. 3. c. 41. for Encouragement of the Greenland Seas tiFifheries, See. and so much of 29 G. 3. c. 53. as relates to those Fisheries, continued till Dec. 25, 1802. §2. — So much of 33 G. 3. ac. 50. as respects the Port of St. John’s in, continued till

« July 10, 1805. §3. — 39 & 40 G.3. c. 34. for permitting the Im-<1 portation of Goods from America, continued till the End of the ttWar, &c. $4. — 29G.2. c. 15. for granting a Bounty on British and Irish Linens, &c. revived and further continued till June 24, 1806. §5. — 39 G.3. c. 100. for the Encouragement of the British << Fisheries, continued till April 5, 1802. §6. — $ 2. of 39 & 40 G. 3. " c. 85. as to the Isle of Man, repealed, and the Fish Curers residing " there to have Bounties for Herrings as herein mentioned, according " to 26 G. 3. c. 81. $33. §7.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of an ASt made in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making^ Allowances to the Dealers in foreign Wines, for the Stock of certain foreign Wines in their, at a

A.D. 1801.

131

41° GEO. III. (UG 97, 98,99.

certain time upon which the Duties on Importation have Clarke’s Hydro

and for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of, as meter> made

directs that all Spirits shall be deemed and taken to be of the Degree PerPetuah of Strength at which the Hydrometer commonly called Clarke’s Hydrometer, shall, upon Trial by any Officer or Officers of Excise, denote any such Spirits to be, which was to continue in Force until the Fifth Day of April One thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, and which; by several subsequent Acts, was continued until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and one, shall be made perpetual.

[This Se3ion repealed $6 G. c. 140. $1. 58 3* £ i.J

CAP. XCVIII.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of EXP. the Militia of Ireland, for One Year, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and one.

[2d July 1801.]

CAP. XCIX.

An Act for granting Bounties for taking and bringing Fish to

the Cities of London and Westminster, and other Places in the United Kingdom.

[2d July 1801.]

« "1WHEREAS it is expedient that every Encouragement should < be given to the promoting a Supply of fresh Fish for the 6 Consumption of the Inhabitants of London and, and

c other populous Cities and Towns; And Whereas it will greatly conduce to promote such Supply, that the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, for the time being, should be empowered to grant Bounties to Persons taking and bringing such Fish to Market May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it Treasury may shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Trea- grant Bounties fury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, to give and to Persons grant out of the Surplus of the Monies granted in the last Session of ^‘"Sing Fish to Parliament, for the Purchase of Stores of Herrings, such Premiums, London* oTof Sums of Money, Bounties to Persons taking and bringing Fish to the any other Place Markets of London, Westminster, or any other City, Town or Port in this Kingdom,

in the United Kingdom, and to make and publish Rules and Regu- and make and lations in relation to the taking and bringing to Marker such Fish, ,^egula' and to regulate the Amount of such Bounties, and the Terms and Con- whicVthe^ame ditions upon which the same shall be granted, and to cause the same to shall be paid,&c. be paid in such Sums, and at such times, and in such manner and Proportions, and to annex such Penalties and Forfeitures for Breach of any such Rules, Regulations, Terms and Conditions, as shall seem to them bell suited to the promoting the beneficial Purposes of this Act; and also to make any Allowances, or apply any such Sum or Sums of Money, as they shall think necessary, in the Payment of any Expences incurred in the promoting and encouraging an Increase of the Supply of Fish.

132

C. 99, 100.

A.D. 1801.

Bounties not to exceed 500I. to One Vessel, or 30,cool, in the Whole.

An Account of the Bounties paid shall be laid before Parliament.

Irish Alt, 40 G. 3. c. 4< [See Schedule G. title Salaries.]

C. 1 7. of tins Session.

So much of last recited Act as continues the Tax of 4s. in the Poupd on Salaries* &c. of Persons not resident in Ireland, repealed.

41° GEO. III. (UK.)

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Premium or Bounty to the Owner or Owners of any one Vessel, Boat or other Craft, shall exceed the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; and provided also, that such Bounties, Premiums and other Sums of Money, shall not, in the Whole, exceed the Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted, That an Account of the Amount of such Premiums, Bounties and Sums of Money expended under this Act, and the Quantities of Fish, in respect whereof any such Premiums or Bounties shall have been given, and the Ports or Places to which the same shall have been brought for Sale, shall be prepared and laid before both Houses of Parliament, within Fourteen Days after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament.

[This AB amended, 45 G. 3. c. 64.]

CAP. C.

An Act to repeal the Tax on Salaries, Profits of Employments, Fees and Pensions in Ireland, of Persons not resident in -

land for a certain Period.

[2d 1801.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Parliament of

in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled An Act for granting for One Tear thefederal Duties therein mentioned, in lieu of all other Duties payable on the Articles therein

specified during the said Term, and for regulating the Trade between this Kingdom and His Majesty's , and for other Purposes therein mentioned, a Tax was granted to His Majesty of Four Shillings out of every Twenty Shillings which any Person having at any time between the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred, and the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and one inclusive, any Salary, Profits of Employments, 4 Fees or Pensions in Ireland,unless such Person should live and actually reside within Ireland for and during the Space of Six Calendar Months at least between the said Times: And Whereas by an Act passed this Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for tinning until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and two, certain Alts of the last Session of the Parliament Ireland for granting Duties to His, the several Duties, Rates

and Taxes granted by the said first recited Act, except as therein mentioned, are continued throughout Ireland from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and one, 4 until and upon the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and two: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Tax of Four Shillings, continued by the said last recited Act, 4 should be no longer payable Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said last recited Act as continues the said Tax of Four Shillings out of every Twenty Shillings which any Person having at any time between the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and one, and the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and two, any Salary, Profits of Employments, Fees or Pensions in, shall receive, unless such Person should live and actually reside in Ireland for and during the

Space

A.DU801. 41° GEO. III. (U.K.) G. 100, 101. 133

Space of Six Calendar Months, between the said Periods, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and that all Rules and Directions for ascertaining and securing the said Tax, and Powers for enforcing the Payment thereof contained in any Act of the Parliament of -land, shall be and the same are hereby repealed, so far as the fame might be applicable to the Duty hereby repealed.

44 Act may be altered or repealed this Session, 6 2.

[See42 G.3. c. 3 1.]

CAP. CL

An Act for regulating, until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, the Trial of Controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in the United Parliament of Great Britain and Ireland, for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland;and for regulating the Qualifications of Members to serve in the said United Parliament.

[2d 1801.]

XXIII. And Whereas it was in and by the said Act for the 39 & 400.3.

Union of Great Britain and Ireland, among other things provided c- ^7- (Arc. IV.)

and enacted, that the Qualifications in respect of Property, of the Members elected on the Part of Ireland, to fit in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom, should be respectively the fame 6 as were then provided by Law in the cases of Elections for Counties and Cities and Boroughs respectively, in that Part of Great Britain called England, unless any other Provision should thereafter be made in that respect by Act of Parliament of the United Kingdom: And Whereas, by an Act passed in the Ninth Year of 9 Anne, c. 5.

the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for securing the Freedom of Parliament, by the farther qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons, it was amongst other things enacted, that no Person should be capable to fit or vote as 4 a Member of the House of Commons for any County, City,

Borough or Cinque Port, within that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, who should not have an Estate, Freehold or of, for his own Life, or for some greater Estate, either in Law or Equity,

to and for his own Use and Benefit, of or in Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, over and above what would satisfy and clear all Incumbrances that might affect the fame, lying or being within that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, of the respective Annual Value therein limited: And Whereas, by an Act passed in the Thirty 33 G. a. c. 20.

third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act to enforce and render more effectual the Laws relating to the Qualification of Members to in the House of Commons, it was enacted, that every Person (except as in the said Act is excepted) who should be elected a Member of the House of Commons, should at the time and in the manner in the said last recited Act directed, produce and deliver in to the Clerk of the said House, at the Table of the said House, a Paper or Account signed by such Member, containing the Names of the Parishes,

Townships, Precincts and Counties, in which the Lands, Tenements

134

C. 101, 102.

A.D. 1801.

The latter A<5i extended to Members defied to the United Parliament for England, W ales, Berwick or Ireland.

Qualification may be situate either in England, Wales, Berwick or Ireland.

Recovery of Penalties.

Limitation of Actions.

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

or Hereditaments lay, whereby such Member should make < out his Qualification, and should also take and subscribe the Oath in the said last recited Act mentioned and contained Be it therefore further enacted, That the said last recited Act, and all matters and things therein contained, shall extend and be construed to extend to every Person (except as in the said last recited Act is excepted) who from and after the passing of this present Act shall be elected a Member of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the said United Kingdom, for any County, City, Borough, Cinque Port, Town or Place, in that Part of the said United Kingdom called England, or the Dominion of Wal, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or in that Part of the said United Kingdom called Ireland; and that it shall be sufficient that the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, whereby such Member shall make out his Qualification in manner by the said last recited Act mentioned and directed, shall lie or be either within that Part of the said United Kingdom called England, or the Dominion of Wa, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or within that Part of the said United Kingdom called Ireland; any thing in the said last recited Act, or in the said Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to require any such Qualification as aforesaid on the Part of the Member to be from time to time elected and returned by the College of the Holy Trinity in Dublin; any thing herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties in and by this Act imposed, shall and may be recovered, with full Colts of Suit, by any Person or Persons who shall sue for the fame, by Action of Debt in any Court of Record in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, in which Action it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to declare that the Defendant or Defendants is or are indebted to him or them (to the Amount of the Penalty sued for) by virtue of this Act; and in which Action no Essoign, Privilege, Protection or Wager of Law, shall be allowed, nor more than One Imparlance.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Indictment, Information or Action, for any Offence against this Act, or any Forfeiture incurred under the fame, shall be found, filed or commenced within One Year after the Commission of the Fast on which such Indictment, Information or Action shall be grounded, or within Six Months after the Conclusion of the Proceedings in the House of Commons relating to the Petition on the Trial of which such Fast shall have arisen.

\The rejl of this Act is expired. See 42 G. 3. c. 106.

CAP. CII.

An Act to (lay, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and two, Proceedings in Actions under the Statute of King Henry the Eighth, for abridging Spiritual Persons from having Pluralities of, and from

taking of Ferms.

[2d July 1801.]

{This A3 continued until 2$th July 1802, 42. 3. c. 30. but

now expired.

A.D. 1801. 41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

C. 103.

135

CAP. CIII.

An Act to empower His Majesty to regulate the Trade and Commerce to and from the Isle of Malta until the signing a Definitive Treaty of Peace, and from thence until Six Weeks after the next Meeting of Parliament; and to declare the Isle of Malta to be Part of Eu.

[ad July 1801.] 4 WHEREAS the IflancP of, with the Dependencies

thereof, are now in the Possession of His Majesty, and it is expedient, under the present Circumstances, that the Trade and Commerce to and from the same should be regulated for a certain time in such manner as shall seem proper to His Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, notwithstanding the special Provisions of any Act or Acts of Parliament that may be construed to affect the fame Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, and until the signing a Definitive Treaty of Peace, and from thence until Six Weeks after the next Meeting of Parliament, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, by and with the Advice of his Privy Council, by any Order or Orders to be issued from time to time, to give such Directions and make such Regulations touching the Trade and Commerce to and from the said Isle and the Dependencies thereof, as to His Majesty in Council shall appear most expedient and salutary, any thing contained in an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, for the en-

couraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation; or in an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King William the Third, intituled, A3 for preventing Frauds and regulating Abuses in the Plantation Trade; or any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force relating to His Majesty's Colonies and Plantations, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Goods, Wares or Merchandize whatever shall be imported into, or exported from, any Place or Places, Part of the said Island or its Dependencies, or shall be exported from any Part of His Majesty's Dominions to any of the said Places, or if any Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be so imported or exported in any manner whatever, contrary to any such Order or Orders of His Majesty in Council, the same shall be forfeited, together with the Ship or Vessel in which such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall respectively be-imported or exported, with all her Guns, Ammunition, Furniture, Tackle and Apparel; and every such Forfeiture shall and may be sued for, prosecuted and recovered by such and the like ways, means and methods, as any Forfeiture incurred by any Law respecting the Revenue of Customs may be sued for, prosecuted and recovered in Places where respectively the Offences shall be committed; and the Produce thereof shall be disposed of, paid and applied in like manner in the said Places respectively; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

His Majesty may for a certain Period, by Order in Council, make Regulations touching the Trade to and from Malta.

ii Car. 1. c. 18.

7 & 8 Gul. 3.

c. zz.

Goods imported or exported contrary to any such Order in Council, forfeited.

136

C. 103, 104.

A.D. 1801.

Malta deemed Part of Europe,

All Actions, &c. against Civil or Military Officers, or other Persons, for any thing done since March 25>1799> to suppress In-furredtion and Rebellion in Ireland, shall be made void, and such Officers and Persons indemnified.

Persons against whom Actions 'iall be brought,

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Island of Malta and Dependencies thereof, shall be deemed, taken and construed to be Part of Europe for all Purposes, and as to all matters and things whatever; any Law or Laws, Usage or Custom, or Act or Acts, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

[This Mft is continued until 25th March 1816, 54. 3. 182.]

CAP. CIV.

An Act for indemnifying such Persons as have acted since the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, for the Preservation of the public Peace and Suppression of Insurrections and Rebellion prevailing in several Districts of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland.

[2d July 1801.]

WHEREAS a most daring and unnatural Rebellion broke

out in that Part of the United Kingdom called, on the Twenty third Day of May One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, and several Districts within the same have since continued to be disturbed by traiterous Conspiracies and Insurrections, whereby the Persons and Properties of many of His Majesty's peaceable and loyal Subjects have been grievously injured, and many of them have lost their Lives: And Whereas several Officers Civil and Military, and other Persons, in order to preserve the

public Peace, the Lives and Properties of His Majesty's peaceable and loyal Subjects, and to suppress the said Rebellion, have apprehended several Persons suspected of being concerned in the said Insurrections and Rebellion, without due Authority required by

Law, and have done divers other Acts in Suppression of the said Insurrections and Rebellion not justifiable by Law j which several Acts were so much for the public Service, and so necessary for the Suppression of such Insurrections and Rebellion, that the Persons by whom they were transacted ought to be indemnified Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all personal Actions and Suits, all Indictments, Informations, Attachments, Prosecutions and Proceedings whatsoever, Judgments and Orders, if any be, against such Officers Civil or Military, or other Persons as aforesaid, for or by reason of any matter or thing commanded, ordered, directed or done since the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, in order to suppress the said Insurrections and Rebellion, and for the Preservation of the public Peace in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, shall be discharged and made void, and that every Person by whom any such Act, matter or thing shall have been advised, commanded, ordered, directed or done for the Purposes aforesaid, since the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, shall be freed, acquitted and indemnified, as well against The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, as against all and every other Person and Persons whomsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Prosecution, Action or Suit, Criminal or Civil, hath been or shall be instituted, commenced

A.D. 1801.

137

41° GEO. III. (U.K.) C. 104, 105.

menced or prosecuted against any Person for any such Act» matter or thing so advised, commanded, ordered, directetl or done for the Purposes aforesaid, or any of them, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland-, since the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, he or she may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special matter in Evidence; and if the Plain riff or Plaintiffs in any such Action shall become Nonsuit, or forbear further Prosecution, or suffer Discontinuance, or if a Verdict shall be found against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover his, her or their Double Costs, for which he, she or they shall have the like Remedy as in other cases in which Costs are given by Law to Defendants.

a Defendants in Actions may apply to Courts in Ireland to have Proceedings stayed, See. and shall be entitled to Double Costs on 4< Proceedings subsequent to the Act, $ 3. Application may be made to have any Order for flaying Proceedings, vacated, &c. if made within the First Ten Days on which the Court shall fit, u next after making the Order, § 4.

[«S>£ § 3. of Cap. 66.3

CAP. CV.

An Act to authorize the Judges to whom Petitions for certain Bills shall be referred, to examine Witnesses upon Oath.

[2d July 1801.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Judges to whom any ( \\ Petition for any Bill concerning Lands or Hereditaments

in that Part of the United Kingdom called, or concerning

Lands, Hereditaments or other Heritable Subjects in that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotl, shall be referred by the i Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, should be 6 authorized to administer an Oath to all such Witnesses as may be

examined before them, touching the matter of such Petition May

it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for any One or more of the said Judges of that Part of the United Kingdom called to

whom any Petition for any Bill concerning Lands, Hereditaments or other Heritable Subjects in that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, shall be referred by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled,. and for any One or more of the Judges of that Part of the United Kingdom called, to whom

any such Petition concerning Lands or other Hereditaments in that Part of the United Kingdom called, shall be referred as

aforesaid, to examine upon Oath all such Witnesses as shall be produced before them, touching the matter of such Petition and Reference, and for that Purpose to administer an Oath accordingly; and every Oath which shall be so taken shall be as available and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, and every Person who shall take such Oath shall be punishable for any false Evidence he shall give under such Oath, in the same manner as if the said Oath had been administered to the Witness taking the fame at the Bar of the House of Lords.

may plead the General Issue, and have Double Costs.

Judges of Scotland or Ireland to whom Bills respecting Lands may be referred by the House of Lords, may examine Witnesses on Oath, as if sworn at the Bav of that House.

138

C. 106.

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

A.D. 1801.

CAP. CVI.

An Act to secure certain Persons born within the Territories of France, and other Persons therein described, from Imprisonment for Debts contracted in Parts beyond the Seas, other than the Dominions of His Majesty.

[2d July 1801.]

WHEREAS divers Persons who were born in the Dominions of His late Most Christian Majesty, or who having been born within the Dominions of The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, passed into the Dominions of His said Most Christian Majesty before they had attained the Age of Fifteen Years, and who have quitted their respective Countries by reason of the Resolution or

Troubles in France, or in Countries conquered by the Arms of France, have been and are liable to be arrested, imprisoned or held to Bail by reason of Debts or other causes of Action contracted or arising in Parts beyond the Seas, other than the Dominions of His Majesty, by reason that such Persons were born of Parents Subjects of His Majesty, and are not Aliens within the true Intent

380.3. c. 50. 4 and Meaning of an Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act; to continue until the First Day of August One eight and until the

End of the then next Session of and amend an Act made

in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present, intituled An Act for ejlahlij Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein in certain cases And'

Whereas it is expedient that such Persons should be entitled to the Privileges in that Act contained, so far as the same relate to such Debts or causes of Action;’ May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act all such Persons who were born in any of the Countries subject to His late Most Christian Majesty, or who having been born within the Dominions of The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, passed into the Dominions of His said Most Christian Majesty, under the Age of Fifteen Years, and who have Iona fde relided in such Countries, as Subjects of His said late Most Christian Majesty, although born of Parents Subjects of His Majesty or his Predecessors, who shall have quitted their respective Countries by reason of any Resolution or Troubles in in Countries

conquered by the Arms of, shall not be liable to be arrested,.

imprisoned or held to Bail, or to find any Caution for their forthcoming or paying any Debt, nor to be taken in Execution on any* Judgment, or by any Caption for or by reason of any Debt or other Canfe of Action, contracted or arising in any Parts beyond the Seas, other than the Dominions of His Majesty, while such Persons were not within the Dominions of His Majesty; and in case any such Person shall have been or shall be arrested, imprisoned or held to Bail, or taken in Execution on a Judgment, or by any Caption, contrary to the Intent of this Act, such Person shall be discharged therefrom by Order of any of His Majesty's Courts of Westminster Hall,

A.D. 1801.

139

41° GEO. III. C. 106, 107.

Hall, or of the Court of Session in or of His Majesty’s

Four Courts in Ireland,or of any Judge of any such Court in Vacation time; any thing in any Act or Atfts contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

CAP. CVII.

An Act for the further Encouragement of Learning, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and, by securing the Copies and Copyright of printed Books, to the Authors of such Books, or their Assigns for the time herein mentioned.

[2d July 1801.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that further Protection should be ( afforded to the Authors of Books, and the Purchasers of ( the Copies and Copyright of the same, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland J May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Author of any Book or Books already composed, and not printed or published, and the Author of any Book or Books which shall hereafter be composed, and the Assignee or Assigns of such Authors respectively, shall have the foie Liberty of printing and reprinting such Book and Books, for the Term of Fourteen Years, to commence from the Day of first publishing the fame, and no longer; and that if any other Bookseller, Printer or other Person whosoever, in any Part of the said United Kingdom, or in any Part of the Do-

minions in Europe, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, print, reprint or import, or shall cause to be printed, reprinted or imported, any such Book or Books, without the Consent of the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Copyright of and in such Book or Books first had and obtained in Writing, signed in the Presence of Two or more credible Witnesses, or, knowing the same to be so printed, reprinted or imported, without such Consent of such Proprietor or Proprietors, shall fell, publish or expose to Sale, or cause to be sold, published or exposed to Sale, or shall have in his or their Possession for Sale, any such Book or Books, without such Consent first had and obtained as aforesaid, then such Offender or Offenders shall be liable to a special Action on the case, at the Suit of the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Copyright of such Book or Books so unlawfully printed, reprinted or imported, or published or exposed to Sale, or being in the Possession of such Offender or Offenders for Sale as aforesaid, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and every such Proprietor and Proprietors shall and may, by and in such Special Action upon the case to be so brought against such Offender or Offenders in any Court of Record in that Part of the said United Kingdom, or of the British Dominions in, in which the Offence shall be committed, recover such Damages as the Jury on the Trial of such Action, or on the Execution of a Writ of Enquiry thereon, shall give or assess, together with Double Costs of Suit; in which Action no Wager of Law, Essoign, Privilege or Protection, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and all

and

Authors of Books composed, and not printed or published, and their Assigns, to have foie Right of printing. Book-fellers, &c. printing, reprinting or importing, &c. without Consent of Proprietor, liable to Action for Damages, ancf Penalty.

140

C. 107.

A.D. 1801.

Authors to have a Second Term, if living.

Proviso for Books already published, and Penalties under former Atts in force at the Union of Great Britain and Ireland.

39 & 40 G. 3. c. 67.

Trinity College Dublin, to have the iole Right of printing Books given or bequeathed to

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

and every such Offender or Offenders shall also forfeit such Book 0; Books, and all and every Sheet and Sheets being Fart of such Book or Books, and shall deliver the same to the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Copyright of such Book or Books, upon Order of any Court of Record in which any Action or Suit, in Law or Equity, shall be commenced or prosecuted by such Proprietor or Proprietors, to be made on Motion or Petition to the said Court; and the said Proprietor or Proprietors shall forthwith damask or make Waste Paper of the said Book or Books, and Sheet or Sheets respectively; and all and every such Offender or Offenders shall also forfeit the Sum of Three pence for every Sheet which shall be found in his or their Custody, either printed or printing, or published or exposed to Sale contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, the one Moiety thereof to The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the fame in any such Court of Record, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in which no Wager of Law, Essoign, Privilege or Protection, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed: Provided always, that after the Expiration of the said Term of Fourteen Years, the Right of printing or disposing of Copies shall return to the Authors thereof, if they are then living, for another Term of Fourteen Years.

[ 54 G. 3. c. 156. § 4.]

II. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Book or Books heretofore composed, and printed or published in any Part of the said United Kingdom, nor to exempt or indemnify any Person or Persons whomsoever, from or against any Penalties or Actions, to which he, she or they shall or may have become, or shall or may hereafter be liable for or on Account of the unlawfully printing, reprinting or importing such Book or Books, or the felling, publishing or exposing the same to Sale, or the having the fame in his or their Possession for Sale, contrary to the Laws and Statutes in force respecting the fame, at the time of the passing an Act in the Session of Parliament of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled Act for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland.

III. And Whereas Authors have heretofore bequeathed, given or assigned, and may hereafter bequeath, give or assign, the Copies. 4 or Copyrights of and in Books composed by them, to or in Trust for the College of the Holy Trinity of Dublin,} and, in and by their several Wills or other Instruments, have directed or may direct, that the Profits arising from the printing or reprinting such Books, shall be applied or appropriated as a Fund for The Advancement of Learning, and other beneficial Purposes of Education, 4 within the College aforesaid: And Whereas such useful Purposes will frequently be frustrated, unless the foie Right of printing and reprinting of such Books, the Copies of which shall have been or shall be so bequeathed, given or assigned as aforesaid, be preserved and secured to the said College in Perpetuity Be it therefore further enacted, That the said College shall, at their own Printing Press, within the said College, have for ever the foie Liberty of printing and reprinting all such Books as shall at any time heretofore have been, or (not having been heretofore published or assigned) shall at any time hereafter be bequeathed, or otherwise given or

A.D. 1801. 41° GEO. III. (U.K.) C. 107- Ml

assigned by the Author or Authors of the same respectively, or the them, unless Representatives of such Author or Authors, to or in Trust for the they sre given said College for the Purposes aforesaid, unless the same shall limited

have been bequeathed, given or assigned, or shall hereafter be be- ltne 011 questhed, given or assigned for any Term of Years, or any other limited Term; any Law or Usage to the contrary thereof in any-. wise notwithstanding; and that if any Printer, Bookseller or other Printing such Person whosoever, shall from and after the passing of this A ft, un- Books, lawfully print, reprint or import, or cause to be printed, reprinted or imported, or, knowing the same to be so unlawfully printed, reprinted or imported, shall fell, publish or expose to Sale, or cause to be sold, published or exposed to Sale, or have in his or their Possession for Sale, any such last mentioned Book or Books, such Offender and Offenders shall be subject and liable to the like Actions, Penalties Penalty, and Forfeitures as are herein-before mentioned and contained with respect to Offenders against the Copyrights of Authors and their Assigns: Provided nevertheless, that nothing in this Act shall extend To extend only to grant any exclusive Right to the said College of the Holy Trinity to Books printed of Dublin, otherwise than so long as the Books or Copies belonging College

to the said College are and shall be printed only at the Printing Press of the said College, within the said College, and for the foie Benefit and Advantage of the said College; and that if the said College shall delegate, grant, lease or fell the Copyrights or exclusive Rights of printing the Books hereby granted, or any Part thereof, or shall allow, permit or authorize any Person or Persons, or Bodies Corporate, to print or reprint the fame, then the Privilege hereby granted shall become void and of no effect, in the same manner as if this Act had not been made; but the said College shall nevertheless College may fell have a Right to fell such Copies so bequeathed or given as aforesaid, their Copyrights, in like manner as any Author or Authors can or may lawfully do under the Provisions of this Act, or any other Act now in force.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Bookseller, Booksellers,&c. Printer or other Person whosoever, shall be liable to the said Pe- not to nalty of Three pence per Sheet, for or by reason of the printing, re- eTshee^unless printing, importing or felling of any such Book or Books, or the xhle toCopy- having the fame in his or their Custody for Sale, without the Con- right be entered sent of the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Copyright thereof as by Proprietor, aforesaid, unless before the time of the Publication of such Book or &c at Stationers* Books by the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof (other than the said Hal|Hondon; College) the Right and Title of such Proprietor or Proprietors shall Proprietor be Vo be duly entered in the Register Book of the Company of Stationers entered, in j London, in such manner as hath been usually heretofore done by the Proprietors of Copies and Copyrights in Britain; nor if

the Consent of such Proprietor or Proprietors for the printing, reprinting, importing or felling such Book or Books, shall be in like manner entered; nor unless the Right and Title of the said College to the Copyright of such Book or Books as has or have been already bequeathed, given or assigned to the said College, be entered in the said Register Book before the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and one, and of all and every fuel Book or Books as may or shall hereafter be bequeathed, given or assigned as aforesaid, be entered in the said Register Book within the Space of Two Months after any such Bequest, Gift or Assignment shall have come to the Knowledge of the Provost of the said College; for every

142

C. 107.

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

A.D. 1801.

Clerk of Company to give Certificates of Entries, and make a Half yearly Lift of Books so entered for Use of Trinity College.

If Clerk refuses to make Entries, &c. Parties may give Notice in London Gazette.

Penalty on Clerk.

Importing into any Part of the United Kingdom, for Sale, any Book first composed, &c. within the United Kingdom, and reprinted elsewhere.

every of which several Entries Sixpence shall be paid, and no more; which said Register Book shall'at all times be kept at the Hall of the said Company, and shall and may at all seasonable and convenient times be resorted to and inspected by any Bookseller, Printer or other Person for the Purposes before mentioned, without any Fee or Reward; and the Clerk of the said Company of Stationers shall, when and as often as thereunto required, give a Certificate under his Hand of such Entry or Entries, and for every such Certificate may take a Fee not exceeding Sixpence; and the said Clerk shall also, without Fee or Reward, within Fifteen Days next after the Thirty first Day of December and the Thirtieth Day of June in each and every Year, make or cause to be made, for the Use of the said College, a List of the Titles of all such Books, the Copyright to which shall have been so entered in the Course of the Half Year immediately preceding the said Thirty first Day of December and the Thirtieth Day of June respectively, and shall upon Demand deliver the said Lifts or cause the same to be delivered to any Person or Persons duly authorized to receive the same for and on behalf of the said College.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the Clerk of the said Company of Stationers for the time being shall refuse or neglect to register or make such Entry or Entries, or to give such Certificate or Certificates, being thereunto respectively required by the Author or Authors, Proprietor or Proprietors of such Copies or Copyrights, or by the Person or Persons to whom such Consent shall be given, or by some Person on his or their behalf, in the Presence of Two or more credible Witnesses, then such Party or Parties so refused, Notice being first duly given by Advertisement in the London Gazette, shall have the like Benefit as if such Entry or Entries, Certificate or Certificates, had been duly made and given; and the Clerk so refusing shall, for any such Offence, forfeit to the Author or Proprietor of such Copy or Copies, or to the Person or Persons to whom such Consent shall be given, the Sum of Twenty Pounds; or if the said Clerk shall refuse or neglect to make the Lift aforesaid, or to deliver the same to any Person duly authorized to demand the fame on behalf of the said College, the said Clerk shall also forfeit to the said College the like Sum of Twenty Pounds; which said respective Penalties shall and may be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in the said United Kingdom, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in which no Wager of Law, Essoign, Privilege or Protection, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

« Two additional Copies of Books entered at Stationed Hall, shall be delivered there for the Use of the Libraries of Trinity College, and the King’s Inns, Dublin, § 6.

[See 54. 3.

c. 156. $ 1.]

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever to import or bring into any Part of the said United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for Sale, any printed Book or Books, first composed, written or printed, and published in any Part of the said United Kingdom, and reprinted in any other Country or Place whatsoever; and if any Person or Persons shall import or bring, or cause to be imported or brought for Sale any such printed Book or

Books

A.D. 1801.

c. 107.

143

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

Books into any Part of the said United Kingdom, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; or shall knowingly fell, publish or expose to Sale, or have in his or their Possession for Sale, any such Book or Books, then every fuel) Book or Books shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise, and the same shall be forthwith made Waste Paper; and all and every Person and Persons so offending, being duly convicted thereof, shall also, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, and Double the Value of each and every Copy of such Book or Books which he, flie or they shall so import or bring, or cause to be imported or brought into any Part of the said United Kingdom, or shall knowingly fell, publish or expose to Sale, or shall cause to be sold, published or exposed to Sale, or shall have in his or their Possession for Sale, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and the Commissioners of Customs in England, Scotland and Ireland respectively (in case the same shall be seized by any Officer or Officers of Customs), and the Commissioners of Excise in England, Scotland and Ireland respectively (in case the same shall be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise), shall also reward the Officer or Officers who shall seize any Books which shall be so made Waste Paper of, with such Sum or Sums of Money as they the said respective Commissioners shall think fit, not exceeding the Value of such Books; such Reward respectively to be paid by the said respective Commissioners, out of any Money in their Hands respectively arising from the Duties of Customs and Excise: Provided that no Person or Persons shall be liable to any of the last mentioned Penalties or Forfeitures, for or by reason or means of the Importation of any Book or Books which has not been printed or reprinted in some Part of the said United Kingdom, within Twenty Years next before the same shall be imported, or of any Book or Books reprinted abroad, and inserted among other Books or Tracts to be sold therewith in any Collection, where the greatest Part of such Collection shall have been first composed or written abroad.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced or brought against any Person or Persons whomsoever, for doing or causing to be done any thing in pursuance of this Act, the Defendants in such Action may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence; and if upon such Action a Verdict shall be given for the Defendant, or the Plaintiff become nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, then the Defendant shall have and recover his full Costs, for which he shall have the fame Remedy as a Defendant in any case by Law hath; and that all Actions, Suits, Bills, Indictments or Informations, for any Offence that shall be committed against this Act, shall be brought, sued and commenced within Six Months next after such Offence committed, or else the same shall be void and of none Effect.

Selling or keeping for Sale, any furh Books.

[Penalty.]

Books may be seized by Officers of Customs or Excise, who shall be rewarded.

Exceptions.

General Issue.

Limitation of Actions.

114

C. 108.

41° GEO. III. A.D. 1801.

39 & 40 G. 3, c. 86.

CAP. CVIII.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to grant Commissions for executing an Act made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

A cl for the better Preservation of Timber in the New Foref in the County of Southampton, and for the Bound-

aries of the fciid Foref, a of the Lands of the Crown within the same.

[2d July 1801.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled,

An Act for the better Preservation of Timber the New Foref the County of Southampton, and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Foref, and of the Lands of the Crown within the, it

was enabled, that it should be lawful for His Majesty to issue, or cause to be issued, One or more Commission or Commissions under the Great Seal of Great Br, and thereby to appoint Nathaniel Bond Esquire, One of His Majesty's Counsel learned in the Law,

John Lens Esquire, Serjeant at Law, and James Burrough Esquire, Barrister at Law, to be Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Act, and to authorize and empower them, or any Two of them, to carry the fame into Execution in manner therein mentioned: And Whereas, ftnce the passing of the said Act, the said Nathaniel Bond hath been appointed One of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and in consequence of such Appointment hath declined to execute the Powers and Authorities contained in the said Act; and it is proper that some other Person should be appointed a Commissioner for that Purpose; and it is also proper to provide the means for supplying the Place of any other Commissioner named in or appointed in pursuance of the said Act or this present Act, who may die or decline to act as a Commissioner Be it therefore enacted, by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tenw poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty

to issue, or cause to be issued, One or more Commission or Commission under the millions under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Brt-° ~ tain and Ireland, and thereby to appoint Templeman Esquire*

Barrister at Law, to be One of the Commissioners for putting the said Act into Execution in the Place of the said Nathaniel and that the said Giles Templeman shall from and after the issuing of such Commission or Commissions, be One of the Commissioners for that Purpose, and have the fame Powers and Authorities as if he had been named as a Commissioner in the said Act.

In case of Death

II. And be it further enacted, That if any One or more of them or Resignation of the said John Lens-, James, and Giles, or any

future Commissioner to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, shall depart this Life, or shall decline to act as a Commissioner, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, from time to time, to supply the Place of any Commissioner so dying or declining to act, and for that Purpose to issue or cause to be issued, one or more new Commission or Commissions under the Great Seal of the said United Kingdom, and 15 thereby

His Majesty may issue a Com

Great Seal ap pointing Giles Templeman, Esq. a Commissioner.

any Commissioner under recited Act, His Majesty may issue a Commission appointing another.

A.D. 1801.

145

4lo GEO. III. (U.K.) C. 108, 109.

thereby to appoint some Person, being a Barrister at Law, to be one of the Commissioners for putting the said Act into Execution in the Place of the Commissioner so dying or declining to act as aforesaid; and the Person named in such new Commission or Commissions shall from thenceforth be one of the Commissioners for that Purpose, and have the fame Powers and Authorities, as if he had been named as a Commissioner in the said Act.

44 Public Act, § 3.

CAP. CIX.

An Act for consolidating in one Act certain Provisions usually inserted in A£fcs of Inclosure; and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fa<fts usually required on the passing of such Acts.

[2d 1801.]

WHEREAS, in order to diminish the Expence attending the passing of Acts of Inclosure, it is expedient that certain Clauses usually contained in such Acts should be comprized in one Law, and certain Regulations adopted for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fa<fts usually required by Parliament

on the passing of such Acts May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of any of the Powers to be given by any Act hereafter to be passed for dividing, allotting or inclosing any Lands or Grounds, except the Power of signing and giving Notice of the first Meeting of the Commissioner or Commissioners for executing any such Act, and of administering the Oath or Affirmation herein after diretfted, until he shall have taken and subscribed the Oath or Affirmation following:

J A. B*do swear [or, being one of the People called

do solemnly affirm], That I will faithfully, impartially and honestly, according to the best of my Skill and Ability, execute and perform the several Trusts, Powers and Authorities vested and reposed in me as a Commissioner, by virtue of an Act for [

insert the Title of the AB~\ according to Equity and good Conscience, and without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or Partiality, 4 to any Person or Persons whomsoever. So help me God.’

Which Oath or Affirmation it shall be lawful for any one of the Commissioners, where more than one shall be appointed by any such Act, or any One Justice of the Peace for the County within which the said Lands or Grounds shall be situated, where only One Commissioner shall be so appointed, to administer, and they are hereby respectively required to administer the same; and the said Oath or Affirmation, so to be taken and subscribed by each Commissioner, and also the Appointment of every new Commissioner, shall be annexed to and inrolled with the Award of any Commissioner or Commissioners, and a Copy of the Inrolment thereof shall be admitted as legal Evidence.

\Commissioners for inclosing the Forest of Exmoor, to take the 41 Geo. III. (U.K.)L

Person afling as a Commissioner under any future Inclosure A&, (Exception,) to take the Oath herein prescribed.

Oaths, and Appointment of new Commissioners inrolled with the Award; a Copy, Evidence.

146

C. 109.

A.D. 1801.

Commissioners declining to act to give Notice.

No Commissioner lT»n 11 purchase Lands within, the Parish where Inclosures are made, for Five Years after their Award.

Commissioners to inquire into Boundaries of Paritlies, and if not sufficiently ascertained, to fix them; giving Notice.

Commissioners to cause a Description of Boundaries to be delivered to one Churchwarden, &c. and Lords of Manors, &c. Appeal to Quarter Sessions final.

4P GEO. III. (U.K.)

above Oath, 55 G. 3. c. 138. § 2. And fee 31.

The like as to the Great Forest of Brecknock, 55 G. 3. 190.

§ 6. and fee as to Appointment of, § 10.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Person appointed a Commissioner in or by virtue of any such Act, who shall refnfe or decline to act as such, shall forthwith give Notice in Writing to the other Commissioner or Commissioners of his Intention to refuse or decline acting as a Commissioner: Provided always, that no such

Commissioner shall be capable of being a Purchaser of any Part or Parts of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments within any Parish in which the Lands and Grounds intended to be inclosed are situate, either in his own Name, or in the Name or Names of any Person or Persons, until Five Years after the Date and Execution of the Award to be made by any such Commissioner or Commissioners.

III. And Whereas Disputes or Doubts may arise, concerning the Boundaries of Parishes, Manors, Hamlets or Difiri&s, to be divided and inclosed, and of Parishes, Manors, Hamlets or Districts, 4 adjoining thereto Be it therefore enacted, That the Commissioner or Commissioners appointed in or by virtue of any such Act shall, and he or they is and are hereby authorized and required, by Examination of Witnesses upon Oath or Affirmation (which Oath or Affirmation any One of such Commissioners is hereby empowered to administer), and by such other legal ways and means as he or they shall think proper, to inquire into the Boundaries of such several Parishes, Manors, Hamlets or Distri&s; and in case it shall appear to such Commissioner or Commissioners that the Boundaries of the same respectively are not then sufficiently ascertained and distinguished, such Commissioner or Commissioners shall, and he or they is and are hereby authorized and required to ascertain, set out, determine and fix the fame respectively; and after the said Boundaries shall be so ascertained, set out, determined and fixed, the same shall and are hereby declared to be the Boundaries of such Parishes, Manors, Hamlets or Distri&s: Provided always, that such Commissioner or Commissioners (before he or they proceed to ascertain and set out the Boundaries of such Parishes, Manors, Hamlets or Distri&s) shall, and he or they is and are hereby required to give public Notice, by Writing under his or their Hands, to be affixed on the moll public Doors of the Churches of such Parishes, and also by Advertisement to be inserted in some Newspaper to be named in such Act, and also by Writing to be delivered to or left at the last or usual Places of the Abode of the respective Lords or Stewards of the Lords of the Manors in which the Lands and Grounds to be inclosed shall be situate, and of such adjoining Manor or Manors, Ten Days at least before the time of setting out such Boundaries, of his or their Intention to ascertain, set out, determine and fix the fame respectively; and such Commissioner or Commissioners shall, within One Month after his or their ascertaining and setting out the fame Boundaries, cause a Description thereof in Writing to be delivered to, or left at the Places of Abode of One of the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the respective Parishes, and also of such respective Lords or Stewards: Provided always, that if any Person or Persons interested in the Determination of the said Commissioner or Commissioners respecting the said Boundaries shall be dissatisfied with such Determination, such Person or Persons may

A.D. 1801.

C. 109.

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

appeal to the Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County-in which such Lands or Grounds shall be situate, at any General Quarter Session of the Peace to be holden within Four Calendar Months next after the aforesaid Publication of the said Boundaries, by delivering or leaving such Description as aforesaid, the Party or Parties making such Appeal, giving Eight Days’ Notice of such Appeal, and of the matter thereof in Writing to the Commissioners; and the Decision of the said Justices therein shall be final and conclusive, and shall not be removed or removable by, or

any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere. \_See as to Forest of Brecknock, 55 G.3. c. 190. £46.]

IV. And be it further enacted, That a true, exact and particular a Survey, Aci-

Survey, Admeasurement, Plan and Valuation, of all the Lands and measurement. Grounds to be divided, allotted and inclosed by any such Act, and and Vain-also of all the Messuages, Cottages, Orchards, Gardens, Homesteads, Lauds° Scc^to he ancient enclosed Lands and Grounds, within any such Parish or inclosed, made Manor, shall be made and reduced into Writing, by such Commis- and kept by fioner or Commissioners, or by such other Person or Persons as he or Commissioners, they shall nominate and appoint, as soon as conveniently may be, for verified by the Purposes of such Act; and the Number of Acres and decimal ma 1US

Parts of an Acre, in Statute Measure, contained in all the Lands and

Grounds directed or authorized to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and also in all the ancient inclosed Lands, Grounds and Homesteads aforesaid, and of each and every Proprietor’s distinct Property in the fame respectively, at the time of making such Survey and Admeasurement, shall be therein set forth and specified; and that the said Survey, Admeasurement, Plan and Valuation, shall be kept by such Commissioner or Commissioners; and the Person or Persons who shall make such Survey, Admeasurement, Plan and Valuation, shall verify the fame upon Oath or Affirmation, at any Meeting to be held after the making thereof (which Oath or Affirmation the Commissioners, or any one of them, are and is hereby empowered and required to administer); and the Proprietors and their respective Agents, and all Proprietors may Persons interested therein, shall at all seasonable times have liberty to inQle&> &c- Ad. peruse and inspect such Admeasurement and Plan only, and to take ^ealurements> Copies thereof and Extracts therefrom respectively.

V. And be it further enacted, That for surveying, admeasuring Until Division

and valuing all the said Lands and Grounds, and for other the completed, Lands purposes of such Act, it shall be lawful for such Commissioner or e"-ereci

Commissioners, every or any of them, or the Person or Persons fioner&c to to be appointed by him or them to make such Survey, Admeasure- make Surveys, ment, Plan and Valuation, together with their and every of their

Assistants and Servants, at any time or times whatsoever, until such Division shall be completed, to enter, view and examine, survey and admeasure, all and every Part of the Lands and Grounds intended to be- divided and allotted, and also all the ancient inclosed Lands,

Grounds and Homesteads, directed to be surveyed, and to do or cause to be done any Act or thing necessary for putting such Act into Execution: Provided always, that any Map or Survey made Maps made at the time of passing any such Act, which shall be tendered to such at the time of Commissioner or Commissioners, and which shall be in his or their pacing Acts Judgment, and to his or their Satisfaction a just and true Map or may l)e ulecJ> Survey, proper for the purpose of carrying such Act into Execution,

14S

C. 109.

A.D. 1801.

Claimants of Common, kc. in Land to be inclosed, to deliver to Commissioners Schedules of Particulars, or excluded.

Claims may be inspected, and Copies taken.

Objections to Claims delivered at or before Meeting for that purpose,or not received. (Exception.)

Commissioners Hot to determine Disputes touching Title to Lands.

Difp'-ites as to Title not to delay Inclosures.

4P GEO. III. (U.1C)

cution, may be used for that purpose, if the said Commissioner of Commissioners shall think fit, without any new Map or Survey being made of such Part of the Lands and Grounds, as shall be comprized in any such approved Map or Survey as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons, and Bodies Corporate or Politic, who shall have or claim any Common or other Right to or in any such Lands so to be inclosed, shall deliver or cause to be delivered to such Commissioner or Commissioners, or One of them, at some one of such Meetings as the said Commissioner or Commissioners shall appoint for the purpose, (or within such further time, if any, as the said Commissioner or Commissioners shall for some special Reason think proper to allow for that purpose,) an Account or Schedule in Writing, signed by them, or their respective Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees or Agents, of such their respective Rights or Claims, and therein describe the Lands and Grounds, and the respective Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in respect whereof they shall respectively claim to be entitled to any and which of such Rights in and upon the fame or any Part thereof, with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons then in the actual Possession thereof, and the particular computed Quantities of the same respectively, and of what Nature and Extent such Right is, and also in what Rights, and for what Estates and Interests they claim the fame respectively, distinguishing the Freehold from the of or Leasehold; or on Non Compliance therewith, every of them making Default therein shall, as far only as respects any Claim so neglected to be delivered, be totally barred and excluded of and from all Right and Title in or upon such Lands so to be divided respectively, and of and from all Benefit and Advantage in or to any Share or Allotment thereof; all which said Claims or Accounts shall at all seasonable Times until after the Execution of the said Award, be open to the Inspection and Perusal of all Parties interested or claiming to be interested in the Premises, their respective Agents or Attornies, who may take Copies thereof, or Extracts therefrom respectively; and if any Person or Persons, or Body Politic or Corporate inL efted, or claiming to be interested in the Premises, shall have any Objection to offer to any such Account or Claim, the Particulars of such Objection shall be reduced into Writing, and signed by them or their respective Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees or Agents, and shall be delivered to the said Commissioner or Commissioners, at or before some other Meeting of such Commissioner or Commissioners, to be by him or them appointed for that purpose; and no such Objection shall afterwards be received, unless for some legal Disability or special Cause to be allowed by the said Commissioner or Commissioners.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall authorize such Commissioner or Commissioners to hear and determine any Difference or Dispute which may arise, touching the Right or Title to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, but such Commissioner or Commissioners shall assign and set out the several Allotments directed to be made unto the Person or Persons, who, at the time of the Division and Inclosure, shall have the actual Seisin or Possession of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments in lieu or in right whereof such Allotment shall be respectively made Provided also, that no Difference or Suit, touching the

A.D. 1801. 4pgeo.hl (U.kc. io9. 149

Title to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall impede or delay the Commissioner or Commissioners in the Execution of the Powers veiled in him or them, by virtue of any such Act; but the Division or Inclosure directed to be made (Kail be proceeded in, notwithstanding such Difference or Suit.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That such Commissioner or Commissioners shall, and he or they is and are hereby authorized and required, in the first Place, before he or they proceed to make any of the Divisions and Allotments directed in and by any such

d before mak,11S

Carriage Roads, Act, to set out and appoint the Public Carriage Roads and High- and prepare a ways, through and over the Lands and Grounds intended to be Map thereof to divided, allotted and inclosed, and to divert, turn and Hop up, any be de^1ft!d vvlt.h of the Roads and Tracts, upon and over all or any Part of the gj^Notice’ said Lands and Grounds, as he or they shall judge necessary, so as thereof, and ap-such Roads and Highways shall be, and remain Thirty Feet wide at point a Meeting, the least, and so as the same shall be set out in such Directions as

shall, upon the Whole, appear to him or them most commodious to

the Public; and he or they are hereby further required to ascertain the fame by Marks and Bounds, and to prepare a Map in which such intended Roads shall be accurately laid down and described, and to cause the fame, being signed by such Commissioner, if only one, or the Major Part of such Commissioners, to be deposited with the Clerk of the said Commissioner or Commissioners for the In-spedlion of all Persons concerned; and as soon as may be after such Carriage Roads shall have been so set out, and such Map so departed, to give Notice in some Newspaper to be named in such Bill, and also by affixing the fame upon the Church Door of the Parish, in which any of the Lands so to be inclosed shall lie, of his or their having set out such Roads, and deposited such Map, and also of the general Lines of such intended Carriage Roads, and to appoint in and by the fame Notice, a Meeting to be held by the said Commissioner or Commissioners, at some convenient Place, in or near to the Parish or Township within which the said Inclosure is to be made, and not sooner than Three Weeks from the Date and Publication of such Notice, at which Meeting it shall and may be lawful for any Person who may be injured or aggrieved by the setting out of such Roads to attend;, and if any such Person shall object to the RPersons object, setting out of the same, then such Commissioner or Commissioners", Justice^f

together with any Justice or Justices of Peace, ailing in and for the Division of the County in which such Inclosure shall be made, determine. and not being interested in the fame, who may attend such Meeting, shall hear and determine such Objection, and the Objections of any other such Person, to any Alteration that the said Commissioner or Commissioners, together with such Justice or Justices, may in consequence propose to make, and shall, and he or they are hereby required, according to the bell of their Judgment upon the Whole, to order and finally direil how such Carriage Roads shall be set out, and either to confirm the said Map, or make such Alterations therein as the case may require: Provided always, that in case such Where Commis-Commissioner or Commissioners shall by such Bill be empowered to *joners to stop up any old or accustomed Road, passing or leading through R°oadPwithout any Part of the old Inclosures in such Parish, Township or Place, Order of Two the same shall in no case be done without the Concurrence and Justices, Appeal Order of Two Justices of the Peace, ailing in and for such Division, to Quarter

L 3 and Sessions*

150

C. 109.

A.D. 1801.

Carriage Roads fenced on both Sides according to Direction? of Commissioners. Regulation? as to erecting Gate across Road, and planting Trees on the Sides. Commissioners to appoint Surveyors. Salary and Expence of making Road, how raised and paid. Surveyors subject to Controul of Justices, and to account. Justices may levy Rates. Surveyors ne-glefting to complete Roads. Penalty.

And Inhabitants trot chargeable (except to Statute Duty), till Roads declared complete.

41° GEO. III.

and not interested in the Repair of such Roads, and which Order shall be subject to an Appeal to the Quarter Sessions, in like manner and under the fame Forms and Restrictions as if the fame had been originally made by such Justice as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That such Carriage Roads so to be set out as aforesaid, shall be well and sufficiently fenced on both Sides, by such of the Owners and Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds intended to be divided, allotted and inclosed, and within such Time as such Commissioner or Commissioners shall, by any Writing under his or their Hands, direct or appoint, and that it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to set up or erect any Gate across any such Carriage Road, or to plant any Trees in or near to the Hedges on the Sides thereof, at a less Distance from each other than Fifty Yards; and such Commissioner or Commissioners shall, and he or they is and are hereby empowered and required, by Writing under his or their Hands, to nominate and appoint One or more Surveyor or Surveyors, with or without a Salary, for the first forming and completing such Parts of the said Carriage Roads as shall he newly made, and fot putting into complete Repair such Part of the same as shall have neen previously made; which Salary (if any) and also the Expence of forming, completing and repairing such Roads respectively, over and above a Proportion of the Statute Duty on the Roads so to be repaired, shall be raised in like manner as the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing any such Act, and of carrying the fame into Execution, shall be thereby directed to be raised, and shall be paid to such Surveyor or Surveyors on or before the Execution of the Award of such Commissioner or Commissioners; and in case the same shall be thereby provided to be raised by Sale of any Part of the Lands so to be divided and inclosed, that then such Commissioner or Commissioners shall make a conditional Rate upon the Owners and Proprietors of the same, in case the Produce of such Sale should prove inefficient for the purposes aforesaid; and such Surveyor or Surveyors shall, and he or they is and are hereby directed to be in all respects subject to the Jurisdiction and Controul of the Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County in which such Roads shall respectively lie, and shall account to such Justices in like manner for all Monies so to be by him or them received and expended, and for the Repayment of any Surplus which may remain in his or their Hands to such Persons as shall have been made liable to contribute thereto, according to the Proportion so as above ascertained by such Commissioner or Commissioners; and such Justices shall have the like Powers of levying any such Rate as may by them be thought necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, according to the Proportions previously ascertained by such Commissioner or Commissioners, as if such Surveyor or Surveyors had been appointed under or by virtue of the General Highway Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and in case such Surveyor or Surveyors shall neglect to complete and repair such Roads respectively within the Space of Two Years after such Award, unless a further time, not exceeding One Year, shall for that purpose be allowed by such Justices, and then within such further time, he or they shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and the Inhabitants at large of the Parish, Township or Place

A.D. 1801.

C. 109.

151

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

wherein such Roads shall be respectively situate, shall be in no wife charged or chargeable towards forming or repairing the said Roads respectively, except such Proportion of such Statute Duty as aforesaid, till such time as the fame shall, by such Justices in their special Sessions, be declared to be fully and sufficiently formed, completed and repaired, from which time and for ever thereafter, the same shall be supported and kept in repair by such Persons, and in like manner as the other Public Roads within such Parish, Township or Place, are by Daw to be amended and kept in Repair.

X. And be it further enacted, That such Commissioner or Commissioners shall, and he or they is and are hereby empowered and required to set out and appoint such private Roads, Bridleways, Footways, Ditches, Drains, Watercourses, Watering Places, Quarries, Bridges, Gates, Stiles, Mounds, Fences, Banks, Bounds and Land Marks, in, over, upon and through or by the Sides of the Allotments to be made and set out in pursuance of such Act, as he or they shall think requisite, giving such Notice and subject to such Examination, as to any private Roads or Paths, as are above required in the case of public Roads; and the same shall be made, and at all times for ever thereafter be supported and kept in repair, by and at the Expence of the Owners and Proprietors for the time being of the Lands and Grounds directed to be divided and inclosed, in such Shares and Proportions as the Commissioner or Commissioners shall in and by his or their Award order and direct.

XI. And be it further enacted, That after such public and private Roads and Ways shall have been set out and made, the Grass and Herbage arising thereon shall for ever belong to and be the foie Right of the Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds which shall next adjoin the said Roads and Ways on either Side thereof, as far as the Crown of the Road; and all Roads, Ways and Paths, over, through and upon such Lands and Grounds which shall not be set out as aforesaid, shall be for ever flopped up and extinguished, and shall be deemed and taken as Part of the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted and inclosed, and shall be divided, allotted and inclosed accordingly: Provided that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be condrued to extend, to give such Commissioner or Commissioners any Power or Authority to divert, change or alter any Turnpike Road that shall or may lead over any such Lands and Grounds, unless the Content of the Majority of the Trustees of such Turnpike Road, assembled at some public Meeting called for that purpose on Ten Days’ Notice, be first had and obtained.

XII. And be it further enacted, That such Commissioner or Commissioners in making the several Allotments directed by any such Act, shall have due Regard as well to the Situation of the respective Houses or Homesteads of the Proprietors, as to the Quantity and Quality of the Lands and Grounds to be allotted to them respectively, so far as may be confident with the general Convenience of the said Proprietors; and that such Commissioner or Commissioners in making the said Allotments shall have particular Regard to the Convenience of the Owners or Proprietors of the smallest Estates in the Lands and Grounds directed to be allotted and exchanged.

XIII. And Whereas the Proprietors and Persons interested in Open Common Fields, Meadows, Padures, Commons and Wade

Commissioners to appoint private Roads,

Grass and Herbage on Roads to belong to Proprietors of Lands adjoining.

Roads not set out to be allotted and inclosed.

Turnpike Road not altered without Consent of Trustees.

Commissioners, in making Allotments, to have regard to the Situation of Houses, & c.

152

C. 109.

A.D. 1801.

Commissioners may direct small Allotments to be laid together and ring-fenced, and Hocked and de-pastured in common by Proprietors.

Allotments to be in full Compel) fation for all Rights in the Lands, which shall cease on Notice from the Commissioners affixed on the Church Door.

Comrfiiffionei's may exchange Allotments, Messuages, Lands, &c. with Consent of Proprietors, or if belonging to Churches, &c. with Consent of Pifliop and Patron.

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

Lands, directed to be divided and allotted, whole Allotments thereof will be small, and expensive to inclose, may be desirous of {locking and depasturing their Allotments in common, and of 4 {haring such Produce as may grow thereon, under proper Regulations Be it therefore further enacted, That such Commissioner or Commissioners shall be, and he or they is and are hereby fully authorized and empowered, on Application of the Parties interested at their first or second Meeting for receiving Claims, and on an attentive View and full Consideration of the Premises, to award, order and direct any such Allotments to be laid together and ring-fenced, and to be flocked and depastured in common, and to make such Orders and Regulations for the equitable Enjoyment thereof, and for the Participation of any Produce growing or to grow thereon, as such Commissioner or Commissioners may think beneficial and proper for the said several Parties interested therein.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the several Shares of and in any Lands or Grounds which shall upon any such Division be assigned, set out, allotted and applied, unto and for the several Persons who shall be entitled to the same, shall, when so allotted, be and be taken to be in full Bar of and Satisfaction and Compensation for their several and respective Lands, Grounds, Rights of Common, and all other Rights and Properties whatsoever, which they respectively had or were entitled to, in and over the said Lands and Grounds immediately before the passing of any such Act; and that from and immediately after the making the said Division and Allotments, and the Execution of the Award of such Commissioner or Commissioners, or at any other time as such Commissioner or Commissioners shall, by Writing under his or their Hands, to be affixed on the principal Door of the Church of the Parish in which the Lands and Grounds shall be situate, direct or appoint, all Rights of Common, and all Rights whatsoever, by such Act intended to be extinguished, belonging to or claimed by any Person or Persons whomsoever, Bodies Politic or Corporate, in, over or upon such Lands or Grounds, shall cease, determine, and be for ever extinguished.

XV. And be it further enacted, That such Commissioner or Commissioners shall, and he or they is and are hereby authorized to set out, allot and award any Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, new Allotments or old Inclosures within such Parish or Manors, in lieu of or in Exchange for any other Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, new Allotments or old Inclosures within the said Parish or Manors, or within any adjoining Parish or Place; so as that all such Exchanges be made with the Consent of the respective Owners, Proprietors or other Persons, seised of the Lands, Hereditaments and Premises which shall respectively be so exchanged as aforesaid, or of the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees or Attornies acting for or on behalf of such Owners, Proprietors or other Persons respectively, who are under Coverture, Minors, Lunatics or beyond the Seas, or under any other Disability or Incapacity of acting for themselves (such Consent to be testified by Writing under their respective Hands); and so that all such Exchanges be ascertained, specified and set forth in the Award of such Commissioner or Commissioners; and so that all such Exchanges of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, belonging to or held in Right of any

A.D. 1801. 41° GEO. III. (U.K.) C. 109. 153

Church, Chapel or Ecclesiastical Benefice, shall also be made with the like Consent, in Writing, of the Bishop of the Diocese, and of the Patron of any Church, Chapel or Ecclesiastical Benefice for the time being; and all such Exchanges so made as aforesaid shall be for ever good, valid and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and purposes whatsoever.

XVI. And Whereas it may happen that some of the Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, Tenements or Lands, in any such

Parish or Manor, and Persons entitled to Allotment or Allotments

to be made by virtue of any such Act, may be seised thereof or entitled thereto in Joint Tenantcy, or as Coparceners, or Tenants in Common, and cannot, by reason of Infancy, Settlement or

Absence beyond Seas, make an effectual Division thereof Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any such Commissioner or Commissioners, and he or they is and are hereby authorized and empowered (upon the Request in Writing of such Joint Tenants or Coparceners, or Tenants in common, or any or either of them, or of the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees or Attornies of such as are under Coverture, Minors, Lunatics or under any other Incapacity as aforesaid, or absent beyond Seas) to make Partition and Division of the Messuages, Cottages, Tenements, Lands and Allotment or Allotments, to such of the said Owners or Proprietors who shall be entitled to the same as Joint Tenants, Coparceners or Tenants in common, and to allot the fame accordingly to such Owners and Proprietors in Severalty; and from and immediately after the said Allotments shall be so made and declared, the same shall be holden and enjoyed by the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be allotted in Severalty, in such and the same manner, and subject to such and the same Uses, as the undivided Parts or Shares of such Estates would have been held in case such Partition and Division had not been made.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made by virtue of any such Act, shall, and he, she or they is and are hereby required to accept his, her and their respective Allotments within the Space of Two Calendar Months next after the Execution of the Award, directed to be made in and by any such Act; and in case any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to accept of his, her or their Share or Allotment within the time before mentioned, such Person or Persons so neglecting or refilling shall be totally excluded from having or receiving any Estate or Interest, or Right of Common whatsoever, in any Part of the Lands and Grounds to be divided and inclosed by virtue of any such Act.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the respective Guardians, Husbands, Trustees, Committees or Attornies of any Person or Persons being Minors, Femes Covert, Lunatics, beyond the Seas, or otherwise incapable by Law to accept any such Allotments as shall be made by virtue of any such Act, to and for the Use of such Person or Persons so incapacitated as aforesaid; and also that any Person or Persons entitled to any Allotment or Allotments as Tenant or Tenants for Life or Lives, shall be, and he, she and they is and are hereby respectively enabled and required to accept of and take such Allotment or Allotments respectively; and every such Acceptance respectively

Commissioners may make Allotments in Severalty to Joint Tenants or Tenants in Common.

Persons to accept their Allotments in a limited time, or forfeit their Right.

Guardians, itc, may accept for incapacitated Persons, and Tenants for Life to accept of Allotments.

154

C. 109.

A.D. 1801.

Non Acceptance of Guardians, &c. not to prejudice Rights of incapacitated Persons who shall accept in a limited time after enabled so to do.

Before Execution of Award, Allotments may be ditched and inclosed, with Consent of Commissioners.

Trees, &c. allotted with the Lands whereon they stand, Parties paying to Owners such Sums as Commissioners shall direct; in case of Neglect, Owners may cut and take away.

tVhere Money is to be paid for Lands, &c. and which ought to be laid out in other Purchases to be settled to the same Uses, Commissioners may thereout defray a Proportion of Expences of passing Act, &c.

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

shall be and is hereby declared to be valid and effectual, to all Intents and purposes whatsoever: Provided further, that

the Non Claim or Non Acceptance of any such Guardian, Husband, Trustee, Committee or Attorney, shall not exclude or in any Way prejudice the Right of any Infant, Feme Covert, Lunatic, or other Person or Persons being under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, or absent beyond the Seas, who shall claim or accept such Share or Allotment within Twelve Calendar Months next after such Disability or Incapacity shall be removed, or of any Person entitled as Heir in Remainder after the Death of any Person dying during such Incapacity or Disability, who shall claim or accept the fame within One Year next after his, her or their Right, Title or Interest shall have accrued, descended or veiled, or be known so to be.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That after the Allotments shall be set out by such Commissioner or Commissioners, and at any time before the Execution of his or their Award, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be so made, and flaked or marked out, by and with the Consent of such Commissioner or Commissioners in Writing under his or their Hands, to ditch, fence off, and inclose their respective Allotments, in such manner as such Commissioner or Commissioners shall so direct and appoint.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Timber Trees and other Trees, Thorns and Bushes, Handing and growing upon any Waste Lands or other Lands to be allotted by such A&, shall be allotted and go along with the Lands whereon they respectively Hand, and shall be deemed the Property of the several Persons to whom the fame Lands shall be respectively allotted, such Persons paying to the Owner or respective Owners of the said Trees, such Sums of Money for the fame, and at such time or times, and Place or Places, as the said Commissioner or Commissioners shall by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands direct; but if the said Parties who are to make such respective Payments shall neglect or refuse to make the fame accordingly, then it shall be lawful to and for the respective Parties who shall be entitled to have and receive such Payments, to enter on the said Lands, and cut down, take and carry away to their own Use, the said Trees, Thorns or Bushes, in respect of which the said Payments were respectively to be made to them, at any seasonable time or times within One Year next after such Neglect or Default, they doing as little Damage on the said Lands as may be.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Sum of Money is, under the Provision of this Act, or any such Bill, to be paid for the Purchase or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Sum of Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, it shall and may be lawful, to and for such Commissioner or Commissioners, out of such Sum to defray such Proportion of the Expence of passing such A&, and of carrying the fame into Execution, as shall, if any, be charged upon any of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, of the Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, Trustees or Feoffees, in Possession of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, so fold or exchanged, or on which (such Timber

or

A.D. 1801.

C. 109.

155

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

or Wood actually grew, and also the Expence of any permanent Improvement, such as building, subdividing, draining or planting, and the like, which shall in the Judgment of such Commissioner or Commissioners be proper to be made, and shall be made under his or their Direction, upon any Lands to be by virtue of such Act allotted to such Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate,

Trustees or Feoffees respectively; and in case the Surplus of such How Surplus Money shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, then the amounting to fame shall, with all convenient Speed, be invested in the Purchase of d,1Pole(* any Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled upon, and subject to the like Uses, Trusts and Limitations, as such Land so fold or exchanged, or the Lands on which such Timber grew, were settled, limited or allured; and in the mean time, and until such Purchase can be made, such Money shall be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the said Commissioner or Commissioners,

without Fee or Reward, to the Intent that such Meaty shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or Timber respectively, either in or towards the Redemption or Purchase of Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debts or Incumbrances affecting the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased or exchanged, or on which such Timber grew, or until the fame shall, upon the like Application, in a summary Way, be laid out by Order of the said Court in the Purchase of other Lands, or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses; and in the mean time, and until Order can be made, such Money may, by Order of the said Court, be laid out in some of the Public Funds, or on Government or real Securities, and the Dividends or Interest arising herefrom, shall, by Order of the said Court, be. paid to such Person or Persons as would, for the time being, be entitled to the Rents and Profits of such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, so to be purchased, conveyed and settled.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any If Surpluslefs, such Money shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, than 200I. and and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in such l'Pwar's °f40^. case the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the ho'v d,fP°fed time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid in o the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in the manner before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the Commissioner or Commissioners (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writm under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in manner herein-before directed, so far a? the case H

plicable?

C. 109.

156

If less than iol.

Persons not accepting, inclosing and fencing Allotment as Commissioners shall direct, they may cause it to be indoled, &c. and receive the Rents until Expences satisfied,or may charge them upon Proprietor.

During Seven Years after fencing Allotments, Fences may be erected as herein mentioned.

When Handing Fences or Hedges may be destroyed; if assigned as a Boundary Fen.e, to be left uncut; Persons entitled to the Allotments making Compensation.

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

A.D. 1801.

plicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in such case the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and' Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, in such manner as the said Commissioner or Commissioners shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made, or any Guardian, Husband, Trustees, Feoffees, Committees or Attorney of any Infant, Feme Covert, Charity or Charities, Lunatic, Idiot, Person or Persons beyond the Seas, or otherwise incapable of acting respectively, or any Tenant in Tail, or for Life, or Trustee or Trustees for any Settlement, or any Mortgagee or Mortgagees, or other Creditor in Possession, shall neglect or refuse to accept, inclose and fence his, her or their Allotment or Allotments, within such time or times as such Commissioner or Commissioners, by any Writing as aforesaid, or by his or their Award, shall order or direct, it shall be lawful for such Commissioner or Commissioners to cause such Allotment or Allotments to be inclosed and fenced, and to let the same to any Person or Persons he or they may think proper, and to receive the Rents and Profits thereof, until the Expences attending the Inclosure and Fencing thereof are paid and satisfied, or to charge stich Expences upon the Proprietor or Proprietors of the same Allotment or Allotments j and by any such Writing as aforesaid, or by his or their said Award, to appoint to whom, and at what time or times the same shall be paid, subject to the same Mode, and with the like Powers of Recovery thereof, as may be provided respecting the other Expences of passing any such Act, and carrying the fame into Execution, or otherwise directed by any such Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the several Proprietors of the Allotments to be made in pursuance of any such Act, their Agents or Workmen, at any seasonable time or times, within the Space of Seven Years next after the fencing of any Allotment or Allotments, to set up and' erect Polls and Rails of other dead Fences, on the Outside of the Ditches bounding their respective Allotments, not exceeding Three Feet from such Ditches, for the Preservation of their Quickset Hedges, and at any seasonable time or times before the Expiration of the said Term, to take and carry away the Materials of such Outside Fences when they shall think proper.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Fences or Hedges which at the time of the passing of any such Act shall be Handing or growing in or upon any of the Lands directed to be divided and inclosed, shall be cut down or destroyed by the Owners and Proprietors thereof, after the passing of such Act, until the Execution of the Award, without the Consent of such Commissioner or Commissioners first had and obtained in Writing for that purpose; and if any such Fences or Hedges shall be assigned or approved by such Commissioner or Commissioners as and for a Boundary Fence, or as and for a Sub

A.D. 1801.

C. 109.

157

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

Division Fence to and for any of the Allotments to be made in pursuance of such Act, all such Fences and Hedges shall be left uncut for the Benefit of the Person or Persons to whom such Allotment or Allotments shall belong; and he, she or they shall make such Compensation in Money to the former Owners and Proprietors thereof, as such Commissioner or Commissioners shall, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands in that behalf order and appoint,

subject to the same Mode, and with the like Powers of Recovery thereof, as may in such Act be provided respecting the other Expences of passing any such Act, and carrying the fame into Execution.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Where Bound-

Proprietors whole Allotments or Shares shall, upon any such Inclo- Common

sure, lie and be situate next and adjoining to any Common Fields or fe,cej inclosed Grounds, the Boundary of which shall be fenced by any Mound,&c. Mound, Fence, Brook or Rivulet, shall be compelled to make or Proprietors of erect any Hedges, Ditches or Fences, next adjoining to any such adjoining Allot-Common Fields or inclosed Grounds, for inclosing such their Allot- m®n*f no* comments or Shares; but that the whole Mound, Fence, Brook or them ^lu such Rivulet, or other sufficient Fences which divide any such Common Boundaries to be Fields or inclosed Grounds from such Allotments, shall for ever be maintained by and remain a Boundary Fence for the Purpose of such Division, and Proprietors as shall from time to time be maintained, kept, cleansed, scoured and repaired, by the respective Proprietors thereof, in the same manner Tppoinu as before the passing of this Act, or in such other manner as such Commissioner or Commissioners shall order and direct: Provided nevertheless, that in case it shall happen that some of the Proprietors shall have a greater Proportion of Fences to make and maintain upon any of the Lands directed to be divided and inclosed, than in the Judgment of such Commissioner or Commissioners the Allotments of such Proprietors ought to be charged with, it shall be lawful for such Commissioner or Commissioners, where he or they shall judge it proper, to ascertain and appoint such Sum of Money to be paid to every such Proprietor towards making and maintaining such Fences by such other of the Proprietors who may have a less Proportion of Fencing, according to the Value and Quantity of the Lands to be allotted to them, and to grant such other Relief in respect thereof, out of the Money to be raised for defraying the Expences of carrying such Act into Execution, as he or they shall think reasonable, and in case any such Money shall be so directed to be raised, in order that the said Boundary Fences may be brought as near as may be to a just and equal Proportion. [See as to Forest of Brecknock, 55 3. 190. $56.]

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons destroy-Persons shall wilfully and unlawfully break down, destroy, carry »ng, &c, Fences, away or damage any Fence, Stile, Post, Rail, Gate, Bridge or Tun- &C4

nel, which may be put up or placed under the Authority and for the purposes of any such Act, every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted before any Justice of the Peace for the County in which the Lands or Grounds to be inclosed shall be situate, on Confession or on Proof of the Offence, by Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath the said Justice is hereby authorized to administer,) shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Penalty.

Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and every Person shall be allowed Proprietor of* to give Evidence of such Offence notwithstanding he may be a Pro- Lands, &c. may prietor or Occupier of Lands within, or an Inhabitant of such s’ve Evidence*

158 C. 109. 41° GEO. III. (U.K.) A.D. 180).

fl-SC-

Where Expences of obtaining and carrying any Act into Execution, shall be to be paid by Proprietors, Com m i f-sioners may, on Neglect, cause fame to be levied by Distress, or may take Possession of Allotments, and receive Rents, till satisfied.

Parish, and notwithstanding he may be the Owner of any such Fence, Stile, Post, Rail, Gate, Bridge or Tunnel; to be recovered as herein after provided.

XXIX. And Whereas it may often be provided by such Act, that the Expences of obtaining the fame, and also the Expences c of carrying the fame into Execution, shall be paid in Proportion by the Proprietors of Lands or Grounds to whom any Allotments shall be made ;* Be it further enacted, That in such case, when and so often as any such Person or Persons, except the Person or Persons thereby exempted from Payment of any such Charges and Expences, shall refuse or neglect to pay his, her or their Proportion of the Charges and Expences, or shall refuse or neglect to pay the Expences attending the inclosing and fencing of any such Allotments, as upon the Neglect or Refusal of the Proprietors shall be inclosed and fenced by such Commissioner or Commissioners as herein after mentioned, at the respective Days and Times to be appointed for Payment of such Charges and Expences, it shall be lawful for such Commissioner or Commissioners, by any Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hands and Seals, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause the said Costs, Charges and Expences, and Sum or Sums of Money respectively, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so making Default in Payment as aforesaid, his, her or their Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees or Attornies, wheresoever the same shall be found, rendering the Overplus (if any), on Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, the reasonable Charges of such Warrant, Distress and Sale being first deducted, together with the Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds Centum per Annum, to be computed on such Share or Shares, Proportion or Proportions, from the time the same shall be directed to be paid by such Commissioner or Commissioners as aforesaid; or otherwise it shall be lawful for such Commissioner or Commis-

Guardians, Tenants for Life, &c.may charge Allotments with Expences, if not exceeding 5I. per Acre; and if Persons in Possession advance the Money, Commissioners

sioners, or any Person or Persons authorized by him or them, to enter upon and take Possession of the Premises so to be allotted to liich Person or Persons refusing or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, and to receive and take the Rents and Profits thereof, until thereby, therewith or otherwise, the Share or Shares, Proportion or Proportions, and the said Costs and Charges so ordered and directed by such Commissioner or Commissioners to be paid by such Person or Persons as aforesaid, and all Interest on such Share or Shares, Proportion or Proportions, to be computed from the time the same shall by such Commissioner or Commissioners be directed to be paid as aforesaid, and also all Costs, Charges and Expences, occasioned by or attending such Entry upon and Perception of the Rents and Profits of the said Premises, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in such case as last aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees or Attornies of any of the Owners or Proprietors of such Allotment or exchanged Lands, being under Coverture, Minors, Lunatics, beyond the Seas, or under any other Disability, and for any of the said Owners or Proprietors being Tenants in Tail, or for Life or Lives, or Years determinable on a Life or Lives, or on any other Contingency, or otherwise, interested as aforesaid (except the Rector Qr Vicar of such Parish) to charge such Allotments, or

exchanged

A.D. 1801.

C. 109.

159

41° GEO. III.

exchanged Lands and Premises, with such Sum or Sums of Money as such Commissioner or Commissioners shall by his or their Award, or by Writing under his or their Hands, either before or after the Execution of such Award, adjudge necessary to pay and defray the said respective Shares of the Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining such Act, and carrying the fame into Execution, and of charging the said Lands as aforesaid, so that the same shall not exceed Five Pounds for every Acre of such Allotments or exchanged Lands; and to grant, mortgage, surrender, lease or demise, or otherwise subjetft the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so to be charged, unto such Person or Persons who shall advance and lend the fame respectively, his, her or their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, for any Term or Number of Years j or in case any Person in Possession, who shall or may be liable to and charged with a Share of the Expences as aforesaid, or enabled by this or any such Act to charge such Lands and Grounds with the fame, shall choose to advance, pay and discharge such Sum or Sums of Money, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner or commissioners, by any Deed or Writing under his or their Hands and Seals, to be attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, in like manner to grant, mortgage, surrender, lease, demise or otherwise subject the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to such Person or Persons respectively paying and discharging the fame, his, her or their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, for any Term or Number of Years, to and for the Payment of such Sum and Sums of Money so advanced, paid and discharged by him or them, with Interest for the fame, to commence on the Termination of his, her or their Right in the Premises j so that every such Grant, Mortgage, Surrender, Lease or Demise, be made with a Proviso or Condition to cease and be void, or with an express Trust to be surrendered or reassigned, when such Sum or Sums of Money thereby to be secured shall be fully paid and satisfied; and also with a Covenant to pay and keep down the Interest, so that no Person or Persons afterwards becoming possessed or entitled to any such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall be liable to pay any further or larger Arrear of Interest than for Six Calendar Months preceding the time when the Title to such Possession shall have commenced; and that every such Charge, Grant, Mortgage, Surrender, Lease or Demise, shall be good, valid and effectual in the Law for the purposes thereby intended.

XXXI. And Whereas in such cases as aforesaid, where Provi-( lion may be made in any such Act for charging the Expences of epalling such Act, or of executing the Powers therein contained, or of fencing the respective Allotments, on the several Proprietors 6 thereof, it may be more convenient for the Feoffees or Trustees of 4any Charity Lands or School Lands, to have Lands deduced from 4the respective Allotments to be made for such Charity Lands or School Lands, for paying the proportionable Share in respetft of such Allotments of such Expences respectively, than to raise Money on Mortgage for those purposes Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any such Commissioner or Commissioners, if he or they shall judge it right or expedient, to deduct from the respective Allotments to be made to such Feoffees or Trustees as aforesaid, so much Land as shall in the Judgment of such Commissioner or Commissioners be equal in Value to their respective Proportions

may mortgage the Lands to them for Re-imbursement.

Commissioners may deduct from Allotments for Charity or School Lands, what shall be deemed equal to the proportion-

160

C. 109.

A.D. 1801.

able Share of Expences, and allot fame to Persons undertaking to pay.

Where the Expences of obtaining and carrying any Act into Execution shall be to be paid by Sale of Part of the Lands, Commissioners to let out and fell a Part, and Porchafers to make a Deposit, which shall be forfeited, if Purchase Money be not duly paid.

Commissioners may summon Witnesses;

Non Attendance, &c.

41° GEO. III. (UK.)

tiorts of the said Expends, and to allot, assign and award the same to such Person or Persons as such Commissioner or Commissioners shall think proper, and who will undertake to pay and defray, and shall pay and defray, all such Expences.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall be

provided by any such Act, that the Expences attending the same shall be paid by Sale of any Part of the Land so to be enclosed, the said Commissioner or Commissioners shall mark and set out such Part or Parts of the said Wade or Commonable Lands, as in his or their Opinion will by Sale thereof raise a Sum of Money sufficient to pay and discharge all such Charges and Expences as may by any such Act be directed to be paid and discharged out of the same; and the said Commissioner or Commissioners shall fell such Part or Parts of the said Lands to any Person or Persons for the bed Price or Prices that can be gotten for the fame, by Private Contract, or by Public Audiion or Audiions to be holden for that purpose of which Six Weeks* previous Notice shall be given, in such manner as shall by any such Act be directed with respect to the other Notices thereby required; and the Person or Persons so purchasing the fame, shall immediately pay (by way of Deposit) into the Hands of the said Commissioner or Commissioners, or such Person or Persons as he or they shall direct and appoint, One Tenth Part of his, her or their Purchase Money, and pay the Remainder thereof within Three Calendar Months next after, or at such other time as the said Commissioner or Commissioners shall appoint, and in Default thereof, the Money so deposited shall be forfeited, and shall be applied in carrying such Act into Execution; and the said Allotment or Allotments for which the Whole of such Purchase Money shall not have been so paid, or for which there shall be no Bidding at such Audiion, shall be again put up to Sale, and fold in manner aforesaid, for the bed Price or Prices that can be gotten for the fame, or be sold by the said Commissioner or Commissioners by Private Contract, for any Sum or Sums not less than the remaining Nine Tenths of the Price or respective Prices for which the fame was or were respectively before fold, or the Amount of one Bidding above the Sum or respective Sums at which the fame was or were respectively put up in the said former Audiion; and every Allotment for which the full Purchase Money shall be paid, shall immediately thereupon be absolutely discharged of and from all Common and other Right thereon or therein, and be veiled in Fee Simple in, and be inclosed, and thenceforth held in Severalty by such Purchaser or Purchasers thereof respectively, as his, her or their private and absolute Property, and shall be allotted accordingly by the said Commissioner or Commissioners; and the said Purchase Money shall be applied in defraying such Charges and Expences as may be in any such Act directed to be paid and discharged by the Sale of such Land.

[ $$G. 3.

c. 190. $25*]

XXXIII. And, for the better enabling such Commissioner or Commissioners to determine the several matters and things by this or any such Act referred to his or their Determination, be it enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for the said Commissioner or Commissioners from time to time, as he or they shall see Occasion, By any Writing or Writings under his or their Hand or Hands, to summon and require any Person or Persons to appear before them at any time

A.D. 1801. 41° GEO. III. (U.K) C. 109. 101

and Place in such Writing to be appointed, to testify the Truth touching the matter in Dispute between any Proprietors or interested Persons, or otherwise relating to the Execution of the Powers given by this or any such Act, and to cause a Copy of such Writing to be served on such Person or Persons required to give Evidence, or to be left at his, her or their usual or last Place of Abode; and every Person or Persons so summoned, who shall not appear before the said Commissioner or Commissioners pursuant to such Summons (without assigning some reasonable Excuse for not appearing) or appearing shall refuse to be sworn or examined on Oath or Affirmation, which Oath or Affirmation the said Commissioner or Commissioners is and are hereby empowered and required to administer, (such Person or Persons having been paid or tendered to him, her or them, the reasonable Charges of his, her or their Attendance,) and being thereof convicted before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the County or District in which such Lands are situated, upon Information thereof upon Oath made before any such Justice, shall, for every such Neglect or Refusal, forfeit and pay such Sum of Money, not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds, as such Justice Penalty, or Justices shall think lit and order.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Witness travel-Witness summoned to attend such Commissioner or Commissioners, ling,

shall be obliged to travel above Eight Miles from the Boundary of the Parish, Manor or District, by any such Act intended to be inclosed.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That as soon as conveniently After Allotment may be after the Division and Allotment of the said Lands and Grounds Commissioners shall be finished, pursuant to the Purport and Directions of this or any ^raw UP such Act, the said Commissioner or Commissioners shall form and draw shall be read and up, or cause to be formed and drawn up, an Award in Writing, which executed at a shall express the Quantity of Acres, Roods and Perches, in Statute Meeting of Pro-Measure, contained in the said Lands and Grounds, and the Quantity pnetors, and of each and every Part and Parcel thereof which shall be so allotted, Sunda^ assigned or exchanged, and the Situations and Descriptions of the the Church* and fame respectively, and shall also contain a Description of the Roads, then considered Ways, Footpaths, Watercourses, Watering Places, Quarries, Bridges, as complete. Fences and Land Marks, set out and appointed by the said Commissioner or Commissioners respectively as aforesaid, and all such other Rules, Orders, Agreements, Regulations, Directions and Determinations, as the said Commissioner or Commissioners shall think necessary, proper or beneficial to the Parties; which said Award shall be fairly engrossed or written on Parchment, and shall be read and executed by the Commissioner or Commissioners, in the Presence of the Proprietors who may attend at a special General Meeting called for that Purpose of which Ten Days’ Notice at least shall be given in some Paper to be named in such Act and circulating in the County, which Execution of such Award shall be proclaimed the next Sunday in the Church of the Parish in which such Lands shall be, from the time of which Proclamation only and not before, such Award shall be considered as complete; and shall, within Twelve Award inrolled Calendar Months after the same shall be so signed and sealed, or so 'n one the soon as conveniently may be, be inrolled in One of His Majesty's xrrUJts at Courts of Record at Westminster,or with the Clerk of the Peace for wileh cierko/^ the County in which such Lands shall be situated, to the End that the Peace, and 4d Geo. III. (U.K.) M Recourse may be inl'pest-

162

C. 109.

A.D. 1801.

ed, and Copies obtained.

Award and Copies legal Evidence, and Award be binding on all Parties interested.

Commissioners may annex Maps to Award, which shall be deemed Part thereof.

Commissioners to keep Account of all Monies, which may beinfpe£led at their Clerk’s Office.gratis,

[Penalty.]

41° GEO. III.

Recoutfe may be had thereto by any Person or Persons interested therein, for the Inspection and Perusal whereof no more than One Shilling shall be paid; and a Copy of the said Award, or any Part thereof, signed by the proper Officer of the Court wherein the same shall be inrolled, or by the Clerk of the Peace for such County, or his Deputy, purporting the same to be a true Copy, shall from time to time be made and delivered by such Officer or Clerk of the Peace for the time being as aforesaid, to any Person requesting the fame, for which no more shall be paid than Two pence for every Sheet of Seventy two Words; and the said Award, and each Copy of the same, or of any Part thereof, signed as aforesaid, shall at all times be admitted and allowed in all Courts whatever as legal Evidence; and the said Award or Instrument, and the several Allotments, Partitions, Regulations, Agreements, Exchanges, Orders, Directions, Determinations and all other matters and things therein mentioned and contained, shall, to all Intents and purposes, be binding and conclusive, except where some Provision to the contrary is herein or shall be by any such Act contained, unto and upon the said Proprietors, and all Parties and Persons concerned or interested in the fame, or in any of the Lands, Grounds or Premises aforesaid; and also that the said respective Commissioners, if they think it necessary, shall form or draw, or cause to be formed and drawn, on Parchment or Vellum, such Maps or Plans of the said Lands and Grounds, the better to describe the several new Allotments or Divisions to be made, and Premises that shall be exchanged by virtue of this Act, and which shall express the Quantity of each Allotment in Acres, Roods and Perches, together with the Names of the respective Proprietors at the time of such Division and Allotment; which said Maps and Plans shall be annexed to and inrolled with the said respective Award, and shall be deemed and construed in every respect as and for Part of the said Award. \_See as of Brecknock,

55 G.3. c. 190. § 66.]

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That such Commissioner or Commissioners shall, and he or they is and are hereby required to enter in a Book to be provided for that purpose, a particular Account of all Sums of Money whatever received from the Proprietors or others during the Progress of the Inclosure; and also of all the Charges, Expences and Disbursements which shall accrue or be made by virtue of any such Act, and in carrying the fame into Execution; which Book of Accounts shall be kept at the Office of their Clerk, -open at all seasonable times during the Progress of the Inclosure, and till all the Accounts are finally settled, for the Inspection of any of the Proprietors, without Fee or Reward; and in case any such Commissioner or Commissioners, or his or their Clerk, shall neglect to provide and keep such Book of Accounts as aforesaid, or refuse the Inspection thereof to any of the Proprietors at seasonable times, in manner before mentioned, and shall be convicted thereof, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses not interested in the intended Division and Inclosure, before any Justice of the Peace of the County in which the Lands or Grounds to be inclosed shall be situate, or of such other County or Place where such Commissioner or Clerk so offending shall be or reside, every such Commissioner or Clerk so causing such Neglect or Refusal, and convicted as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding

Ten

A.D. 1801.

41° GEO. III. C. 109.

1G3

Monies raised deposited as directed by a

issued without Order from Commissioners.

Ten Pounds nor less than Five Pounds, to be levied, recovered and applied in the same manner as other Penalties are by this Act directed to be levied, recovered and applied.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Monies to be raised under and by virtue of the Powers contained in any such Act, shall, from time to time, as often as the same shall amount to the jn

Sum of Fifty Pounds, be paid to and deposited in the Hands of vaiueofPro-some Banker, or such Person or Persons as shall be approved by a prietors, and not Majority in Value of the Proprietors who may be present at the first Meeting of such Commissioner or Commissioners; and in the Notice of which Meeting shall be expressed the Intention of then appointing such Banker, or such other Person or Persons; and no such Monies deposited or paid into the Hands of such Banker, or other Person or Persons to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be issued or paid by him or them, without an Order in Writing under the Hands of such Commissioner or Commissioners, specifying the Person or Persons to whom the same are respectively payable, and the Service or Consideration for which the same are due; and the Balance, if any, upon the final Settlement of Accounts, shall be immediately repaid to the Land Owners in proportion to the Sums respectively paid by them.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful The Rest or or for the Rector or Vicar for the time being of any Parish wherein the Vicar,\vith Con-Lands and Grounds intended to be inclosed shall be situate, by In- a^d Patron ^ay denture or Indentures, under his Hand and Seal, with the Content ieafe Allot-and Approbation of the Bishop of the Diocese, and of the Patron mentsforai

of the said Rectory or Vicarage, to lease or demise all or any Part or Years, upon Parts of the Allotment or Allotments to be set out and allotted to ^on~

any such Rector or Vicar, by virtue of any such Act, to any Person s’ or Persons whomsoever, for any Term not exceeding Twenty one Years, to commence within Twelve Calendar Months next after the executing the Award; so that the Rent or Rents for the same shall be thereby reserved to the Rector or Vicar for the time being, by Four equal Quarterly Payments in every Year and so that there be thereby also reserved and made payable to such Rector or Vicar, the befl and mofl improved Rent or Rents that can reasonably be had or gotten for the fame, without taking any Fine, Foregift, Premium,

Sum of Money or other Consideration, for the making or granting any such Lease or Demise; and so that no such Lessee by any such Lease or Demise be made difpunishable for Waste, by any express Words to be therein contained; and so that there be inierted in every such Lease, Power of Reentry on Non Payment of the Rent or Rents to be thereby reserved, within a reasonable time to be therein limited, after the same shall become due; and so that a Counterpart of such Lease be duly executed by the Lefiee or Lessees to whom such Lease shall be so made as aforesaid; and every such Lease shall be valid and effectual, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and For- Penalties re. feitures imposed by this or any such Act, or which shall be imposed coverable before by such Commissioner or Commissioners under or by virtue of the; one ^u^ce > Authority of this or any such Act, shall be levied and recovered

before any One Justice of the Peace for the County in which the Lands or Grounds to be inclosed shall be situate, and residing near any

164

C. 109.

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

A.D. 1801.

and applied according to Direction of Commissioners.

Saving of the Rights of Lords of Manors.

General Saving.

Two Justices may take Affidavits of Notices having been given, Scc.

such Parish, and not interested in the matter in Question; for which purpose it shall be lawful for any such Justice of the Peace, upon Complaint made to him, to summon the Party accused, and the Witnesses on both Sides; and upon the Appearance or Contempt of the Party accused, to examine such Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath any such Justice is hereby empowered to administer,) and upon such Evidence to give Judgment accordingly, and to condemn the Party accused (Proof of the Accusation being made by One or more Witness or Witnesses as aforesaid) in such Penalties and Forfeitures as the Offenders shall have incurred, and to levy such Penalties and Forfeitures by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, together with reasonable Costs; all which Penalties and Forfeitures, the Application whereof is not particularly directed by any such Act or this Act, shall, when and so soon as the same shall be levied, be paid and applied to and for such Uses, Intents or Purposes, as such Commissioner or Commissioners, in and by any Writing or Writings under his or their Hands, or in and by his or their Award, shall order, direct or appoint.

XL. And be it further enacted and declared, That nothing in such Act contained shall lessen, prejudice or defeat the Right, Title or Interest of any Lord or Lady of any Manor or Lordship, or reputed Manor or Lordship, within the Jurisdiction or Limits whereof the Lands and Grounds thereby directed to be divided and allotted, are situate, lying and being, of, in or to the Seigniories, Rights and Royalties incident or belonging to such Manor or Lordship, or reputed Manor or Lordship, or to the Lord or Lady thereof, or to any Person or Persons claiming under him or her, but the fame (other than and except the Interest and other Property as is or are meant or intended to be barred by such Act) shall"remain in as full, ample and beneficial manner, to all Intents and purposes, as he or she might or ought have held or enjoyed such Rights before the passing of such Act, or in case the fame had never been made.

XLI. Saving always to The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, and his, her and their Heirs, Successors, Executors and Administrators, all such Estate, Right, Title and Interest, (other than and except such as are hereby intended to be barred, destroyed or extinguished,) as they, every or any of them, had or enjoyed of, in, to or out of, or in respect of the said Lands, Grounds and Premises so directed to be divided; allotted and inclosed, or exchanged as aforesaid, before the passing of such Act, or could, or might have had or enjoyed in case the fame had never been made.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace to take Affidavits on Oath or Affirmation (which Oath or Affirmation such Justices are hereby authorised and empowered to administer) of the Notices required for such Bills having been given, of the Consents of the Parties interested therein, of the Allegations contained in the Preambles of such Bills, and of the Quantity of the Land to be inclosed; and that such Affidavits shall respectively be in the Forms contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed, as near as the Circumstances of the case will admit; and that such Affidavits shall not be subject or liable to any Stamp Duties whatsoever.

A.D. 1801.

C. 109.

165

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, in any Examination, Affidavit, Deposition or Affirmation, to be had or taken in pursuance of this Act, before such Justice or Justices, or such Commissioner or Commissioners, knowingly and wilfully swear or affirm any matter or thing which shall be false or untrue, every such Person so offending shall, on Conviction thereof, be deemed guilty of Perjury, and shall suffer the like Pains and^ Penalties as Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are now subject and liable to.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, Directions and Provisions in this Act contained, shall be only so far effective and binding in each particular case, as they or any of them shall not be other wise provided and enacted in any such Act hereafter to be passed as aforesaid.

£ Provisions of this Act extended to 50 3. ccxviii., as -

tioned in Sections 1.5. of that Ad. 3. 158.

§§ 50. 67. 102. 57 G. 3. c. 100. § 21.]

SCHEDULE to which the Act refers.

(A.)

FORM of AFFIDAVIT of NOTICES.

A.B. of maketh Oath and faith, [or, being one of the People called Quakers, upon his solemn Affirmation, faith,] That he did fee a Copy of the Notice hereunto annexed affixed on the Church Door of the Parish of in the County of [or, on the several Church Doors of the respective Parishes of in the County of

] [or, in the several Counties of and ] on the several Sundays herein after mentioned

videlicet [specifying the Days on which the Notices were ]

Signed A.B.

Sworn [or solemnly affirmed] before us.

Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting in and for the and subscribed in our Presence, by the above named A.B. this Day of in the Year

As Witness our

Hands and Seals.

(B.)

FORM of AFFIDAVIT of CONSENT.

A.B. of maketh Oath and faith, [or, being

one of the People called Quakers, upon his or her solemn Affirmation, faith,] That he [or ffie] believes himself [or herfelfj to be interested in the proposed Inclosure of the in the

[here describe the Place, whether Parish, Hamlet or Place] in the County of by virtue of [here set forth the Interesl of the Deponent ]; [] that he [or ffie] believes that C.D. of for whom

he [or ffie] is Guardian [et cetera, as the case may is interested, et cetera; and that he [or ffie] hath seen a Copy of an Act [here set forth the Title of this Act'], and also a Copy of the Bill intended

M3 to

erjury.

How far Act-binding.,

166

C. 109.

A.D. 1801. 41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

to be presented to Parliament, and hath subscribed his [or her] Name, or hath set his [or her] Mark to the same respectively, and doth consent to the said Bill being passed into a Law.

Signed or marked B.

Sworn [or solemnly affirmed] before us,

Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the and subscribed in our Presence, by the above mentioned A.B. this Lay of in the Year

As Witness our Hands and Seals.

The fame Form may be applied, to the case of several Persons whose Interests are joint, or whose Interests, though distinct, are of a similar Nature.

(C.)

FORM of AFFIDAVIT of ALLEGATIONS of the BILL.

A.B. of maketh Oath and faith, [or, being

one of the People called Quakers, upon his or her solemn Affirmation, faith,] That \_here set forth such of the several alleged in the

Preamble of the Bill as are 'within the of the Witness f\

or, that he [or she] is informed and verily believes that [ set forth such of the said Fads as are within the Belief of the .]

Signed. B,

Sworn [or solemnly affirmed] before us.

Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the and subscribed in our Presence, by the above named A.B. this Lay of in the Year

As Witness our Hands and Seals.

(D.)

FORM of AFFIDAVIT of ADMEASUREMENT.

A.B. of maketh Oath and faith, [or, being

one of the People called Quakers, upon his solemn Affirmation, faith,] That he has surveyed and admeasured the several Lands in the Parish or Hamlet of in the County of [or, Counties of ]

described in the Bill intended to be presented to Parliament, and signed by the Leponent, by the Name [or Names] of

and that the Quantity of such Lands amounts to and no more, according to such Admeasurement, and the best of this Leponent’s Judgment.

B.

Sworn [or solemnly affirmed] before us,

Two of His Majesty's Justices of the

Peace, adfing in and for the

and subscribed in our Presence by the

above named A.B. this

Lay of in the Year

As Witness our Hands and Seals.

A.D. 1801. 41° GEO. III. C. i, ii, iii.

167

PUBLIC LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS.

N.B. — The Commencement or Continuance of the will

be known by referring to the following Lift, according to the corresponding Letter in the Title of any A3. — Where

no Term of Continuance is the A3 is

(#) From the peffing of the A3.

(b) For 2i Tears, &c. £i. e. to the End of the then next

from the passing of the A3.

(c) For 21 Years, &c. after the End of the Term under

former Acts.

(d) From a Day named in the A3.

(<?) For 2i Tears, &c. from a Day named.

Cap. i.

An Act for continuing for Twenty one Years (a), and from thence a6 G. %. c. 64. to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and n G. 3. C. 64. altering the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,. for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Tadcafterr through Collingham, Harewood, Arthington and Pool, to the Town of Otley, in the West Riding of the County of

[24th March 1801.].

Cap. ii.

An Act to continue for Twenty one Years (#), and from thence to 31 c. 43.

the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and i9G*3-c-87* alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Chesterfield to the Turnpike Road at Hernstone Lane, and several other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, all in the County of Derby.

[24th March 1801.] [ Term and Powers enlarged, 52 3* c. xxxi.3

Cap. iii.

An Act for better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the See 36 G. 3. Aberdeenshire Canal Navigation to complete the same. c*68.

[24th March 1801.]

[ The further Sum of 20,000l. allowed to be raised for completing the Canal. See 49 G.3* iii*3 M 4

168

C. iv—ix.

41° GEO. III.

A.D. 1801.

iv.

32 G.3. c. 118. An Act for continuing (£) and amending an Act passed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from B in the County of York, to the City of Durham, and for more effectually repairing the said Road.

[24th March 1801.]

[RepeaIed 52 3. c. xxxviii.]

v.

An Act for amending, widening and repairing several Roads in the County of Carmarthen.

[2d April 1801.]

\Stat.32 G. 3. c. 156. extended to other Roads described. See 51 G.3. c.xii. 52 3. c. clii.]

Cap. vi.

a G. 3. c. 75. An Act for continuing (r) the Term, and rendering more effectual n G.3. c. 38. Two Acts made in the Second and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the High Road leading from the North End of Ballingdon in Sud-

bury, in the County of Suffolk, to the South Gate in Bury Saint Edmunds, in the said County; and also for repairing and widening the High Road leading from the Place where the said South Gate formerly stood, to the Place where the North Gate in Bury Saint Edmunds formerly stood.

[2d April 1801.]

Cap. vii.

An Act for enlarging, improving and regulating the Cattle Market, within the City and County of the City of Canterbury.

[2d 1801.]

Cap. viii.

An Act for making and maintaining a convenient Carriage Road from the Botley Turnpike Road, on Curdridge Common, in the Parish of Bishops Waltham, to join the Gosport Turnpike Road, at or near Filmerhill, in the Parish of Westmeon, with a Branch from the said Road, on Corhampton Down, to the Village of Corhampton, all in the County of Southampton.

[2d April 1801.]

ix.

2,8 G.2. c. 57. An Act for continuing for Twenty one Years ( ), and from thence 20 G. 3. c. 100. ]?n(j of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and

altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, the Roads from Epsom, through Ewell, to Tooting; and from Ewell to Kingston upon Thames and Thames Ditton, in the County of Surrey ;and for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at Ewell, across Ewell Common Fields, to the Ryegate Turnpike Road on Borough Heath, in the said County.

[2d 1801.]

[1 Continued for 21 Years, idc. 55 G. 3. ^iv.J

A.D. 1801.

GEO. III. C. x—xiv.

169

Cap. x.

An Act for continuing ( b)and amending Two Acts, severally 33G.2. c. 59* passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty 21 G. 3. c. 86. 'King George the Second, and in the Twenty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and improving several Roads leading to the Borough of Launceston, in the County of Cornwall, and also for extending the Provisions of the said Acts to the Road leading from the West Gate, under Mad, in the Borough of Launceston aforesaid, by Docacre, to the North Gate, in the fame Borough. E2d April 1801.]

{.See 55 G.3. c. lii.]

Cap. xi.

An Act for altering, widening and repairing the Road leading from the Town and Port of Dover to the Town and Port of Sandwich, through the Parish of Walderjhare, and also the Road from the present Turnpike Road leading from Dover to Barham Downs, up Kerfney Court Hill, to the Parish of otherwise

field, in the County of Kent. ( e) [2d 1801.]

Cap. xii.

An Act to continue for Twenty one Years [a), and from thence to 32, G. 2.0.40. the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and G.3. c. 100. alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset, and other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the said Roads leading to the said Town.

[2d April 1801.]

Cap. xiii.

An Act to continue ( b) the Term, and alter and amend the Powers 1 G. 3. c. 37. of Three Acts, pasted in the First, Second and Twentieth Years a G.3. c. 51. of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for 20 G* 3* c*^2, amending, widening and keeping in Repair the Road leading from Fifloerton Bridge to the Turnpike Road at Willoughby Hedge, in West Knoyle, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Wilts.

[2d April 1801.]

[«SV<? 55 G.3. c. lxii.j

Cap. xiv.

An Act for continuing for Twenty one Years and from thence 27 G.a. c. 23. to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and *3 G* 3* c. 91. altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Peterborough, through Oundle and to Welling-

borough, in the County of Northampton, and for repairing and widening several other Roads near or adjoining thereto.

[2d April 1801.]

)7o

a xv.

41° GEO. III.

A.D. 1801.

Private Act,

3 Car. I. c, 4. reciting that the Castle, Honour and Manor of Arundel, &c. thouid be settled on Thomas Earl of Arundel and Surrey, Sec.

Cap. xv.

An Act for enlarging the Powers or Authorities given by an Act passed in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled AnAd for the Enfranchisement of of and

Customary Eands, Parcel of the Manor of Arundel, and other Manors entailed by the Act of Parliament of the Third of Charles the First, and for the Sale of Tythes also entailed by the

in order to facilitate the Sale of the Tythes therein mentioned.

[2d 1801.]

WHEREAS, by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the First, intituled An concerning the Title, Name and Dignity of Earl of Arundel, and for annexing of the Castle, Honour. Manors and Lordships of Arundel, in the County of Sussex,

with the Titles and Dignities of the Baronies of Fitz-Allen, Clun

Oswaldftree, and Maltravers, and with divers other Tenements and Hereditaments herein after in this Act mentioned, being now Parcel of the Possessions of Thomas Earl of Arundel and Surrey,

Earl Marsha lof England, to the same Name and Dignity of

Earl of Arundel, it was enacted (among other things), that the said Castle, Honour and Lordship of, and the Borough

and Manor of Arundel aforesaid, with the Rights, Members and Appurtenances thereof, and the Rectories of Arundel and Rujlington, and several other Manors, Rectories, Lands, Tenements, Messuages and other Hereditaments, situate in the said County of Svjfex; and the Rectories of North and South

in the County of Southampton, and several other Hereditaments in the said County therein particularly mentioned, with the Rights,

Members and Appurtenances thereof, should for ever, by virtue of the said Act, be and remain estated, conveyed, assured, limited and settled to Thomas Earl of Arundel and, and the Heirs Male

of his Body lawfully begotten, and to be begotten; and for Default of such Issue, then to the Heirs of the Body of the said Earl lawfully begotten or to be begotten; and for Default of such Issue, to the Right Honourable the Lord William

Uncle of the said Earl, and Son of the Right Noble Prince Thomas, then late Duke of Norfo, and the Heirs Male of the

Body of the said Lord William Howard, lawfully begotten and to be begotten; and for Default of such Issue, to the Heirs of the Body of the said Lord William Howard lawfully begotten; and,

for Default of such Issue, to the said Thomas Earl of Arundel and Surrey, and his Heirs for ever; and it was further enacted, that neither the said Thomas Earl of Arundel and nor any of the

Heirs Male or other Heirs of his Body, nor any other Person or Persons, his or their Heirs Male of his or their Bodies issuing, to whom any Estate of Inheritance, of or in the Premises, or any Part thereof, should come, defeend or accrue, by force or means of the said Act, should thereafter alien, give, grant, bargain and fell,

or otherwise convey away any of the said Castles, Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or any other the Premises, or any Part thereof, or any other thing do, which should or might be to the Dilherifon of the Heirs inheritable by force of the said Act,

A.D. 1801. 41° GEO. III. C. xv—xviii. 171

or of any of them in the Remainder as aforesaid, respectively, or whereby any of them should be barred or put from Entry into the Premises.

44 Recital of Private Act 37 G. 3. c. 40., by which, after Hating

that Charles Duke of Norfolk,hereditary Earl Marshal of England was Heir Male of the said Earl of Arundel and, and

entitled as lay Impropriator to certain Tythes belonging to the Refttories of Arundel', Ruflington, and North and South, it

was enacted, that he should have Power to dispose of the said Tythes to the Owners of the Lands, and that the Proceeds should be paid into the Bank under the Regulations of 12 1. 32.

and 12 G.2. c. 24. to be in vested in the Purchase of Lands which should be conveyed to the Uses limited in the said Statute,

44 3 Car. 1. c. 4. Recital that the said Owners had declined to purchase the said Tythes. The said Duke of Norfolk is empowered to fell the said Tythes to any Persons whatever, § 1. Money arising by such Sale to be applied according to the Directions of said Statute, 37 G.3.—§ 2. Purchase Money may be received in Part, and the Residue secured by Mortgage, § 3. Expences of obtaining the recited Act of 37 G.3. and this Act, to be settled by the Court of Chancery, § 4. General Saving, § 5. Public

44 Act, § 6.

[See 49 G.3. c. lxxiv.]

Cap. xvi.

An Act for continuing for Twenty-one Years ( ), and from thence G. 2. 70.

to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, 20 G. 3. c. 76. and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Hand and Poll in Upton Field, in the Parish of in the County of Oxford, to a Place in the Parish of in the County of Gloucester, called Dancy’s Fancy.

[18th April 180£.]

Cap. xvii.

An Act for levying Conversion Money in Lieu of Statute Labour, and otherwise regulating, making and repairing the High Roads in the County of Selkirk.

[30th April 1801.]

£ Amended53 G. 3. c. xxxix.]

Cap. xviii.

An Act for continuing for Twenty one Years ( ), and from thence 30 G.a. c. 46, to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and 19 G. 3. c. ixa. altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, making commodious, and keeping in Repair the Road from the Cross Keys, otherwise Bricker’s Barn, in the Parish of Corsham, in the County of Wilts, to Bath Eqfton Bridge, in the County of Somerset.

[30th April 1801.]

172

C. xix—xxiii.

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

A.D. 1801.

xix.

27 G. 2. c. An Act for continuing for Twenty one Years (d)> and from thence si G. 3. c. 38. to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twenty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, through Alcester, in the said County, and Feckenham, to a Place called Bradley Brook, in the county of , and from

Alcester, through Great and Crabs in the said

County of Warwick, and through Hewell Lane, and Burcott, to the Cross of Hands, on a Common called The Leekhay, and out of Hewell Lane, through Church Lane and Tutnell, to grove, in the said County of.

[30th 1801.]

Cap. xx.

26 G. 2. c. 49. An Act for continuing for Twenty one Years (d), and from thence 19 G.3. c. 105. to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term- and Powers of Two Acts made in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of in the County of

Cumberland, to the Market and Sea Port Town of in the said County, so far as the same relate to the Road between the Town of Cockermouth and Workington aforesaid.

[30th April 1801.]

Cap. xxi.

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining and preserving the Open Fields, Marsh Lands, Commons, Fens and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of

[30th April 1801.]

Cap. xxii.

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining and preserving the Open Fields, Marsh Lands, Commons, Fens and Waste Grounds, within the Pari Hies of Burgh and, in the County of

Norfolk.

[30th April 1801.]

Cap. xxiii.

See 34 G. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Rennet c. 90. and Avon Canal Navigation, to complete the same, and for

36 G.3. c. 44. amending the several A Its passed for making the said Canal.

38 G. 3. c.xviii. 0 [21ft 1801.]

[See 45 G.3. c.lxx. This Act amended 49 3. cxxxviii.

53 G-3- c. cxix.]

Cap.

A.D. 1801. 41° GEO. III. ( U.K.) C. xxiv—xxviii.

173

Cap. xxiv.

An Act to enlarge (c) the Term and Powers of Two Acts made in 33 G. 2 the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and the 21 G< -Twenty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the Roads from Deanburn, through

Greenlaw, and Part of the Jedburgh Road, by in the County of Berwick, to Cornhilly in the county of , and for repairing and amending the Roads from Orange Lane to Swinton, and from Coldstream, by to Mount

fanty in the said County of Berwick.

[21st May 1801.]

Cap. xxv.

An Act for enlarging (3) the Term and Powers of so much of an 35 G. 3 Act passed in the Thirty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and certain Roads branching from the same, as relates to the said Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and to the Road branching from the aforesaid Road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and leading over Garngad Hill to Provan Milly and to the present Turnpike Road leading to Cumbernauld.

[21st May 1801.]

Cap. xxvi.

An Act for continuing for Twenty one Years ( ), and from thence 31 G. 2 to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, 7 G. 3. and altering the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending several Roads leading from the Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon.

[21st May 1801.]

[Repealed 51 G.3. xlviii.]

Cap. xxvii.

An Act for continuing for Twenty one Years and from thence 12 g. t to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and for 18 G. 2 amending, and making more effectual, Four several Acts made in 31 G. the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, in the 11 G* 3 Eighteenth and Thirty first Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Birmingham through Warwick, to Warmington, and from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avony to Edgehilly in the County of Warwick, so far as the same relate to the Road from Birmingham, through Stratford upon, to Stratford in the said County.

[21st May 1801.]

[As to Road from Birmingham to Warmington, fee 50 3.

c. xcv.]

Cap. xxviii.

An Act to continue for Twenty one Years (a), and from thence to 32 g. a the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and 20 G. 3 alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty

second

!. C. 36. c. 91.

c. 155.

c. 49.

c. 62.

c. 6.

c. 32. c. 58. c. 74.

C. 41. c. 91.

174

A.D. 1801.

32 G. 2 2 G. 3. 5 G. 3. 19 G. 3.

C. xxviii—xxxii. 41° GEO. III.

second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Cross at Broken Cross, in Macclesfield, in the County of to the Turnpike Road at Buxton, in the County of Derby; and for making and keeping in Repair certain Branches of Road to communicate with the said Macclesfield Road.

[21st May 1801.]:

Cap. xxix.

r. 50. An Act for enlarging (c) the Term and Powers of several Acts* c. 5 7’ made in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty

c. 9 S’ King George the Second, and the Second, Fifth and Nineteenth

c' lul‘ Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Oxdoum Gate in, to the

City of Winchester, and from the said City through, to

Chandler's Ford, and from Hurfiey aforesaid to the Turnpike at Romsey, and from the said Turnpike Road, through in the County of Southampton, to Longham Bridge and

Minfier, in the County of Dorset; and for amending and widening the Road from Ringvuood Ga in the said County of

to Woolfiridge, and from a Street called The, at Romsey,

through Chilvoorth, to the River at in the said County.

[21st May 1801.]

Cap. xxx.

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching and regulating the Streets, Squares, Lanes and other Public Passages and Places* within the Parish of Sculcoates, in the East Riding of the County of York ;and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances*

Encroachments and Obstructions; and for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, Chairs, Porters, Coal Carriers and Water Carriers, Trucks, Carts and other Carriages, within the said Parish.

[21st May 1801.}

Cap. xxxi.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Thames at or near a Place called Gun Wharft

in the Parish of Saint Mary at in the County of Surrey, to the Town of Mitcham, in the Parish of, in

the said County; and also divers Collateral Cuts or Branches communicating from the same to certain Parishes and Places within the Counties of Surrey and Kent.

[21st May 1801.]

[. Empowered to raise 60,000l. 47 G.3. 2. lxxx. See

48 G.3. c.xcix. 50 G.3. ccvii. ^61. 51 3. clxx.]

Cap. xxxii.

An Act for enabling Charlotta Bethell Widow, to make and maintain a Navigable Canal from the River Hull, at a Point in the Parish of Lever, near the Boundary between Efie and Leven Carrs, in the East Riding of the County of, to Leven Bridge in the said Riding.

[21st May 1801.]

Cap.

11

A.D. 1801. 41° GEO. III. (1 J.K.)C. xxxiii—xxxviii.

175

Cap. xxxiii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from the Town of

Wandsworth to the Town of Croydon, with a Collateral Branch into the Parish of Carfhalton, and a Navigable Communication between the River Thames and the said Railway at

all in the County of Surrey.

[21ft 1801.]

[See 45 G.3. c. v. 46 G.3. c. xciv.]

Cap. xxxiv.

An Act for more effectually draining and improving certain Fen 2a G. 2. c. 16. Lands within the Manors and Parishes of and *3 Gj 3* c' 19-

and in the Parishes of Denver and Welney, in the Isle of and rel’ca e Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk.

[21st May 1801.]

Cap. xxxv.

An Act to alter, amend and render more effectual, an Act passed 28 G. 3. c. 14, in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled An for more effectually draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Manor or Township of North Kyme, in the County of Lincoln.

[21st May 1801.]

Cap. xxxvi.

An Act for continuing for Twenty one Years ( and from thence 3* G.2. c. 69.

to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, 20 G> 3* c-°

and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, amending and widening, the Roads from the South West End of Nether Bri, in the County of Westmorland, by SizerghFell Side to Levens, and from

thence through the Town of Millthrop to, and from the

Town of Millthrop aforesaid to Hang, and from thence

to join the Heron Syke Turnpike Road at the Guide Post near Clawthrop Hall in the County aforesaid.

[21st May 1801.l

Cap. xxxvii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Town of New Windsor, in the County of Berks, into the London Road, at or near a Bridge called High Bridge, near Longford, in the County of Middlesex; and for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from and out of the said Road at Southley, in the Parish of Datchety to the Village of Datchety in the County of Bucks. ( e)[21st May 1801.]

Cap. xxxviii.

An Act for more effectually amending, widening, improving and Former keeping in Repair, the Road from the Top of White Sheet Hill, 26 G-2* c- 6c, in the Parish of Donhead Saint Andrewy in the County of q2, c'92'

through the Towns of Shaftesbury, Milborne, and Sherborne, repealed.C

in the Counties of Dorset and Somerset, to the Half Way House

176*

A.D. 180f,

9 G. 3- c *3 G.3.

16 G. 3,

a8 G. a.<

(& c. 17.) 19 G. 3. c

C. xxxviii—xli. 41° GEO. III.

in the Parish of Nether, otherwise Lower, in; the said County of Dorset, and several other Roads near the Towns of Shaftesbury and Sherborne aforesaid. (<?) [21st May 1801. J'

Cap. xxxix.

83. An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the c-36. Ninth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty* for laying open and widening certain Ways, Passages, Streets and Places, within the Town of Birmingham; and for cleaning and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Ways and Passages there, and for other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned; and also for regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and the Drivers of all Carriages, in the said Town; for laying open and widening certain other Streets and Places there; for further regulating the Police of the said Town, and the Manner of laying out and paving new Streets there, and for other purposes.

[21st May 1801.]

[. Repealed52 3. c. cxiii.]

Cap. xl.

c 76. An Act to continue for Twenty one Years ( ), and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and amend the Powers of an Act made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to continue and render more ejf several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highways leading to Highgate Gatehouse and Hampstead, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the County of Middlesex; and also to continue and render more effectualy an Act to enable the respediv of the Turnpike Roads

leading to Highgate Gatehouse and Hampstead, and from Saint Giles’s Pound to Kilbourne, to make a new Road from the great Northern Road at Islington to the Edgeware Road near Paddington, so far as the fame is by the said Act directed to be under the Care and Management of the Trustees of the said jirjl mentioned Acts; and for making a Road from the said new Roadt near Queen’s Row, to Bagnigge Wafti; and for

lighting and watering the said Roads.

[21st May 1801.]

[3 G. 1. c. 4. Pr. 8 G. 1. 5. 8 G.2. 28.]

f [29 G. 2. c. 88.3

Cap. xli.

- An Act for continuing ( d), until the End of the First Session of Parliament, which shall commence after the Fifth Day of July 80. One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, Two Acts, severally passed in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Thirsk, over Skipton Bridge to Baldersby Gate, adjoining to Hutton Moor, and a Branch from the said Road at or near Skipton Bridge aforesaid, through, Quernhow and

Nojlerfield to Masham, in the North Riding of the County of York.

[21st May 1801.]

Cap.

A.D. 1801. 41° GEO. III. C. xlii—xlvi.

177

Cap. xlii.

An Act for continuing for Twenty one Years and from thence 31 G*2* c«6i. to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and *9 G*3* C»IX^ enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty first:

Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cirencester in the County of

to Crickladein the County of Wilts; and for amending, improving and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from near the Wharf at Latton in the said County of, to the Town

Bridge in Crichlade aforesaid.

[21st May 1801.]

Cap. xliii.

An Act for continuing for Twenty one Years ( ), and from thence 31 G*2> c- 78. to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, 2oG-3'c*96* and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Guldeford to the Directing Poll near the Town of Farnham in the County of Surrey. £2ift May 1801.]

Cap. xliv.

An Act to continue for Twenty one Years and from thence to 31 G.a. c. 50. the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and 18 G. 3. c. 104. alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Roads from Donington High Bridge to Hale, and to the

Eighth Mile Stone in the Parish of and to Langret

Ferry in the County of Lincoln. £21 ft May 1801.]

Cap. xlv.

An Act for enlarging (3) the Term and altering the Powers of 26 G.a. c. 68. Two Acts, one made in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of 4 G. 3. c. 78. His late Majesty King George the Second, and the other made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening and repairing the Roads leading from Dover to Barham Downs, and from Cow gate and Arch cliff Fort in Dover, through Folkestone to the Town of Hythe in the County of Kent; and for repealing so much thereof as requires the Trustees therein named to keep in Repair the several Roads leading from Archcliff Fort in Dover, to, and from the Parish of Folkestone to Hythe.

[21st May 1801.]

Cap. xlvi.

An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing certain Open Fields and other Lands within the several Parishes of Downham Wimbotsham and Bexwell, in the County of Norfolk.

[21st May 1801.]

4*1 Geo. III. (U.K.) N

178

C. xlvii—li.

4d° GEO. III. (

A.D. 180J.

a8 G.3. 29 G. 3. repealed.

13 G. 3. 29 G. 3.

Ca/u xlvii.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Maidsmorton, and the Hamlets of and Prebend

End, in the Parish of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks.

[21st May 1801.]

Cap. xlviii.

An Act for dividing, allotting and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs and other Commonable and Waste Lands, fittiate, lying and being in that Part of the Parish of East Hendred, which is in the Hundred of Wantagein the County of called

Westmanside, except such Part of the said Common Meadows as lieth in a Meadow called Fox or Mead.

[21st May 1801.]

Cap. xlix.

c. 114. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Dumfries to c*^7' Moffat, and from Grateney, by Annan, and

to the Confines of the County of and several other Roads

in the Counties of Dumfries and Kirkcudbright.

[20th June 1801.] j\ Repealed49 3. c. clx.]

Cap. 1.

An Act to amend and widen the Roads leading from, in

the Parish of j Ewhurst,to H in the Parish of

and from Hornscross aforesaid to the Turnpike Road near Brick-wall House, in the Parish of, and from Hornscross aforesaid to the Turnpike Road near the in the Parish

of Beckley, and also the Road from Staplecross aforesaid to Bodiam Bridge, in the Parish of and from thence through the Parishes of Bodiam aforesaid and to the Turnpike

Road at Silver Hill, in the said Parish of, all in the County of Sussex.

[20th June 1801.}

Cap. li,

c. 28. An Act to amend Two Acts made in the Thirteenth and Twenty c* 43* ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making more commodious the Harbours of the Town of Greenock, and for other purposes mentioned in the said Acts; for watching the said Town, and better supplying the fame with Water j for regulating the Fares of Coachmen, Chairmen, Porters, and Carters plying in the said Town, and of Pilots, Watermen and Jobbers employed in the said Harbours, and on the River Clyde, and for feuing out the Glebe of the said Town.

[20th June 1801.

[See43 G. 3. c.lxxxviii. 50 3. ^.lxvii.j

Cap.

A.D. 1801. 41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

C. lii—lvi.

17 9

Cap. lii.

An Act for explaining, altering and amending an Act, made in the iiG.j. c. 16. Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for deepening, cleansing, Scouring, preserving and maintaining the Harbour of Port Glasgow, and for other Purposes mentioned in the said Act.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. liii.

An Act for more effectually improving and maintaining the old

Harbour of Rye in the County of Sussex.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. liv.

An Act for building a Pier at Sheerness, in the Isle of in

the County of Kent;for ascertaining, imposing and recovering certain Duties for the Supporting, maintaining and keeping in Repair the said Pier; for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering and improving the Highways, Streets, Danes and other public Passages and Places, within that Part of the Parish of Minster, in the said Isle of, (which lieth near

His Majesty's Dock Yard and Garrison of ,) called

Blue Town and Mile Town; and for preventing Nuisances,

Annoyances and Obstructions therein.

[20th June 1801.]

[/« part repealed,43 G. 3. c.lxxxix. 49 (7.3. x.[

Cap. lv.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of Burjledon Bridge 37 G.3. c. 131. and Roads to raise a further Sum of Money to complete the said Bridge and Roads.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. lvi.

An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Forest or Chase of Needwood, in the County of Stafford.

[20th June 1801.]

WHEREAS The King’s Most Excellent Majesty is seised to Contents of the Himself, His Heirs and Successors, of the Forest or Chase Forest 9400 of Needwood, containing about Nine thousand four hundred Acres.

Acres of Land, lying within the Honour or Lordship of

Parcel of the Estates and Possessions of the Duchy of Lancaster in the County of Stafford,subject nevertheless to such Common of Pasturage and other Rights, as the Freeholders and Copyholders of Messuages, Lands and Tenements, Situate and being within the several Town ships of AnjlowBarton under

Callingwood, Coton, Braycott, Dunjlall, Fawlde, Hampjlall

Ridware, Hanbury, Hanbury Wood End, Houndhill,

( Marchington, Marchington Woodlands, Moreton, Newborough with Thorney Lanes, Rolleston, Tatenhill, Tutbury, Stubby Lane,

( and Toxall, in the County of Stafford, and the Township of

Scropton in the County of Derby, or the Tenants or Occupiers < thereof for the time being, are entitled unto, within and upon the said Forest or Chase, and likewise subject to the Rights of the several Persons in respect of their several Estates herein after mentioned, to certain Kinds of Eftovers within and upon the

180

c. m.

A.D. 1801.

41° GEO. III.

same Forest or Chase, that is to say, of the Rector and Vicar of the Parish of Hanbury for the time being, for the Repairs of the Chancel of the Church of Hanbur, and of the Reftorial and Vicarial Houses of the said Parish; of the Reverend John Arden Clerk, as Owner of Longer oft Hally with its Appurtenances; of Thomas Whittaker Esquire, as Owner of Blakenhally with its

Appurtenances; and of the Honourable Elizabeth

Widow of Hugo Meynell the Younger, Esquire, deceased, as Owner of a capital Messuage and Lands in, and also as

Owner of certain Mills called Woodmillsy in the said Forest or Chase: And Whereas the said Forest or Chase is divided into and

consists of Four distimft and separate Wards or Distri&s, called

by the respective Names of Tutbury Marchington

Toxall Wardy and Barton Wardy the respective Boundaries whereof are in general ascertained by certain Marks or Meers, and

are for the most Part well known: And Whereas the said Four

several Wards of the said Forest or Chase respectively lie, or are

reputed to lie, within the several Parishes following; (that is to

say,) Tutbury Ward within the Parish of, Marchington

Ward within the Parish of Hanb, Toxall Ward within the Parish of Toxally and Barton Ward within the Parish of all which said Parishes are within the County of Stafford: And Whereas the Most Noble William Duke of is Rector

Impropriate of the said Parish of, and Owner of all

Rectorial Tythes arising within the same Parish, and is also Patron of th€ Vicarage of Tutbury aforesaid, and Joseph Clowes Clerk,

is the present Vicar of the said Parish: And Whereas the

Honourable and Right Reverend Father in God James Lord

Bishop of Lichfeld and Coventry, is, in right of his said See,

the present Rector of the said Parish of, and is also Patron of the Vicarage of Hanbury aforesaid, and Hugh

Clerk, is Vicar of the said Parish, and as such they the said Bishop of Lichfeld and Coventry, and Hugh, are, according to their several and respective Rights, entitled to all Tythes, both Great and Small, arising within the said Parish of Hanbury

And Whereas Robert Cheney Esquire is Lessee to the said Bishop of all the Tythes of the said Parish of, belonging to the

Rector thereof; And Whereas the Honourable Mary Leigh is Patroness of the Rectory of T, and the Reverend Thomas Clare Doctor in Divinity, is the present Rector of the said Parish, and as such entitled to all Tythes arising within the same:

And Whereas the Reverend Baptis Proby Doctor in Divinity,

Dean of the Cathedral Church of, is, in right of his said Deanery, the present Rector of the said Parish of Tatenhill, and by virtue thereof is entitled to all Tythes arising within the said Parish: And Whereas the several Rectors and Vicars herein-before particularly named, and their Lessees and Tenants, claim to be entitled according to their respective Rights and Interest, to all such Tythes in Kind as shall hereafter arise within the said respective Wards of the said Forest or Chase, as lying within their said several and respective Parishes, in case the said Forest or Chase shall be disafforested and discharged from Rights of Forest and Chafe: And Whereas the Soil of the said Forest or Chase being in general of a rich and fertile Nature, and being in the

A.D. 1801.

C.lvi.

181

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

Vicinity of the City of Lichfield, the Town of, and several

other manufacturing; Towns in the Counties of Stafford and Derbyj would, if divided into just Proportions, not only become very beneficial and advantageous to the Parties interested therein,

but would be of great public Utility; but forasmuch as such Division cannot be effectually made and established without the Aid of Parliament May it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Thomas, of the City Appointment of

of Lichfeldy Esquire, John Bifhton the Younger of in the Commissioners.

County of Salop, Gentleman, and Samuel Wyatt of Burton upon Treaty in the said County of Stafford, Gentleman, and their Successors, to be nominated or appointed in manner herein after mentioned, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for f

setting out, dividing, assigning, allotting and inclosing the said Forest or Chase of Needwood, and the young Oak and Holly Trees Handing and growing thereon, in manner herein after directed, and for putting this Act in Execution.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person Commissioners shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of any to be sworn. of the Powers given by this Act, (unless it be the Powers hereby

given for administering the Oath next herein after mentioned, and giving Notice of their First Meeting,) until he shall have taken and subscribed before the others of them, or some or One of them, the following Oath; that is to say,.

T A.B.do swear, That I will faithfully, impartially and honestly, Their Oath.

according to the best of my Skill and Judgment, execute the several Trusts reposed in me as a Commissioner by virtue of an Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Foref or Chafe of Needwood, in the County of Stafford, without Favour or Affection to any Person whatsoever. So help me GOD/

Which Oath it shall and may be lawful for any One or more of the said Commissioners to administer, and he and they is and are hereby required to administer the same to any other or others of the said Commissioners; and the said Oath so taken and subscribed by such Commissioners shall be annexed to their final Award herein after di-reded to be made by them.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the said Com- For supplying missioners, or any of their Successors, to be appointed as herein after ihe Number of is provided, shall happen to die, or decline to ad, before the Execu- Commissioners tion of all the Powers hereby veiled in them, or shall refuse to qualify 111 ca 60 eat and ad in the Execution hereof, then the surviving or acting Commissioners shall not proceed further in the Execution of this Act,

until another Commissioner shall be duly appointed in manner and form herein after directed; and that in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the several Persons after named, to proceed to a new Nomination and Appointment of a Commissioner or Commissioners in manner following; (that is to say,) that in case the said Thomas Hinckley or any of his Successors shall happen so to die, or refuse or decline to ad, then and so often the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster for the time being, on the Part and behalf of

182

C. lvi.

A.D. 1801. 41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

the Crown, shall and may, by Warrant under his Hand, nominate and appoint such other Person to be a Commissioner in the Room of the said Thomas Hinckley or any of his Successors so dying or refusing, or declining to act as aforesaid, as the said Chancellor shall think fit; and in case the said John Bijloton, or any of his Successors, shall happen so to die, or refuse or decline to act, then and so often it shall and may be lawful to and for the said several lleftors of

Hanbury, Toxall and Tatenhill, for the time being, and the Vicars of Tutbury and Hanbury for the time being, or any Four of them, by Writing under their Hands, to nominate and appoint such other Person to be a Commissioner in the Room of the said John BiJhtony or any of his Successors so dying, or refusing or declining to act as aforesaid, as they shall think fit; and in case the said Samuel Wyatty or any of his Successors, shall happen to die, or refuse or decline to act, then and so often it shall and may be lawful to and for the Proprietors of Lands and Tenements in each of the said Twenty two respective Townships, herein-before mentioned, who shall happen to stand the highest rated to the Land Tax on the immeditate preceding Assessment or Rate thereof, withm each of the said Townships, or the Husband, Guardian, Trustee, Committee or Attorney of any such Proprietor, being a Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic or being beyond the Seas, or under any other Disability, or their Agents, to be appointed by Writing, or the major Part of such Proprietors, by Writing under their Hands, to nominate and appoint such other Person to be a Commissioner in the Room of the said Samuel Wyatt, or any of his Successors, so dying, or refusing or declining to act as aforesaid; and for that purpose the surviving or acting Commissioners or Commissioner shall, and are hereby required, immediately after every such Death or Refusal of the said other Commissioner or Commissioners, to give Notice thereof in Writing unto the several and respective Persons hereby authorized to make such new Appointments as aforesaid, or cause such Notices to be left at their several and respective Houses or usual Places of Abode; and in case the P.erfons so authorized respectively shall not, within One Calendar Month after receiving any such Notice, fill up and supply the Place of every such Commissioner dying, or refusing or declining to act respectively, and deliver such Nomination or Appointment unto the said surviving or acting Commissioners or Commissioner, then and on every such Default it shall be lawful for the said surviving or acting Commissioners or Commissioner, and they and he are and is hereby required by Writing under their or his Hands or Hand to nominate and appoint such other Person or Persons as they or he shall think fit, to be a Commissioner or Commissioners in the Room and Stead of such Commissioner so dying, or refusing or declining to act as aforesaid.

IV. Provided always, That whenever any Vacancy of a Commissioner shall happen by the Death or Refusal to act of the said Samuel Wyatt, or any of his Successors, then and in every such case the said Commissioners or Commissioner shall, with the aforesaid Notice thereof, appoint at such fit Place within or near unto the said Forest, as the said Commissioners shall think fit, some Day not less than Fourteen nor exceeding Twenty one Days after the Delivery of such Notice, for the said Proprietors so authorized to fill up and supply such Vacancy, to meet together in order to the filling up the fame $ and that the said Proprietors present at such

A.D. 1801.

c. ivi.

183

41° GEO. III.

Meeting shall then and there proceed to the Election of a new Commissioner to supply such Vacancy, and that the Person then put in Nomination who shall have the greater Number of Voices of the said Proprietors then present in his Favour, shall be the new Commissioner, and shall be accordingly appointed by the Proprietors so giving him their Voices, by Writing under their Hands, to supply the said Vacancy of a Commissioner.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every the Powers, Authorities and Directions, with other matters and things by this Act given to or veiled in, or directed to be done and executed by or before the said Commissioners and their Successors, shall and may be done and executed by or before any Two of them, and that the Act and Acts of any Two of the said Commissioners shall be of as full Force and Effect, as if done by or before all the said Commissioners; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall,

and they are hereby required to cause public Notice to be given, by affixing the fame upon the principal Door of the said several Parish Churches of Tutbury, Hanbury, Hampjiall

Ridnvare, Rolleston, and Scropton aforesaid, and by publishing the fame in some Newspaper printed and circulated in the County of Stafford, and in some Newspaper printed and circulated in the County of Derby, of the time and Place of every Meeting to be by them held for the executing the Powers hereby veiled in them, at least Eight Days before every such Meeting, (the Meeting for receiving the Survey of the said Forest or Chase, and Meetings by Adjournment only excepted; and which Adjournments the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to make from time to time as they shall think fit;) and that if at the time appointed for any such Meeting, or to which any Meeting shall be adjourned, no more than One of the said Commissioners shall attend, then and in every such case such Commissioner shall and may adjourn the said Meeting to such time and Place as he shall think moll convenient; and all the Meetings of the said Commissioners for executing the Trulls reposed in them by this Act shall be held within the said Forest or Chase, or within One of the said Seven Parishes last mentioned, or at some other Place within the Distance of Twelve Miles from the said Forest.

VII. And be it further enacted, That Robert Harvey Wyatt of

Barton under Needrtvood, in the said County of, Land Sur-

veyor, and Samuel Botham of Uttoxe, in the same County, Land Surveyor, shall be and they are hereby nominated and appointed Surveyors for viewing, surveying and admeasuring the said Forest or Chase of Needwood;and they are hereby accordingly authorized

and directed, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing this Act, to view, survey and admeasure the said Forest or Chase, and all the Lodges, Buildings, Lands, Inclosures and Incroachments, within, upon or laid open to the same, and to make a fair and exadi Survey, by way of Map or Plan thereof, on such Scale as the said Commissioners shall direct, whereon shall be truly and plainly described, in Words, Figures and Lines, or by other fit and apt Descriptions, the Abuttals and Boundaries of the said Forest or Chase, and the Divisions of the several Wards thereof, and all Buildings, Inclosures, Lands and Incroachments, within, upon or thrown open

What Number of Commissioners may aft.

Notices and Places for the Meetings of the Commissioners.

Surveyors appointed.

Their Duty.

184

G. lvi.

A.D. 1801.

41° GEO. III.

to the same, and the open and uninclosed Parts thereof, and distinguishing by Shades or Colourings, so far as may be conveniently done, the several Thickets and Coverts of the said Forest from the Lawns and Plains, and other Parts thereof, and shall either in and upon the said Map or Plan, or by a Field Book or Terrier, to be thereunto annexed, with explicit and plain References to the said Map or Plan, certify and set forth in Statute Acres, Roods and Perches, the Admeasurement and Contents, as well of every Incroachment and Inclosure on the said Forest or Chase, with the Christian and Sirnames of each respective Owner Or reputed Owner and Owners, Occupier and Occupiers thereof, as also of all the open and uninclosed Parts of each respective Ward of the said Forest, stating the Contents of each and every of the Thickets and Coverts in each Ward, as nearly as may be, distinctly from the Contents of each and every Lawn or Plain and other open Parts thereof; and to the End and Intent the Survey of the said Forest or Chase may be taken with the greater Ease and Exactness, and that the Marks to be set or placed on the Ground, and to be described on the said Map or Plan, may be the more readily found, and may not be subject to Removal or Destruction, the said Surveyors are hereby authorized and directed to cause such Openings, Cuts or Lines, to be made through the Woods, Thickets and Coverts of the said Forest or Chase, and to cut and dig Holes and Grips, and to make small Banks and Ditches thereon, as to them shall seem necessary and expedient, doing therein no wilful or unnecessary Spoil or Damage; and that the Trees and Woods to be felled and cut down in making such Openings, Cuts and Lines, shall be fold and accounted for as herein after is directed; and that when and so soon as the said Surveyors shall have finished and completed the said Survey, Map and Plan, they shall, by Notice in Writing under their Hands, apprize the said Commissioners thereof, and appoint a time and Place for a Meeting with them, of which Fourteen Days’ previous Notice thereof at the least Survey to be shall be given unto each of the said Commissioners, at which Meet-delivered to the ing the said Surveyors shall deliver unto the said Commissioners pre-Commissioners, sent at Meeting their said Survey and Plan, and shall subscribe the fame with their Names in the Presence of the said Commissioners, who shall attest the fame, and being so subscribed and attested, the said Surveyors shall deliver the same to the Commissioners then and there present, and upon the Holy Evangelists shall take and subscribe the following Oath in the Presence of the said Commissioners, who are hereby empowered to administer the same accordingly; that is to say,

and tobecerd- < LL^E, Robert Harvey Wyatt and Samuel, do swear, [or,

fied on Oath. < being a Quaker, do affirm,3 That by virtue and in pursuance of an Act of Parliament for dividing, allotting and inclosing the

Forest or Chase of Needwood in the county of , we respectively have taken a true and exact Admeasurement and Survey

of the said Forest or Chase, and of all Buildings, Inclosures, Lands

and Incroachments within, upon or thrown open to the same, to

the best of our Judgment and Ability; and that the Survey,

‘ Map and Plan of the said Forest or Chase, and the Terrier or Field

<Book thereto annexed, whereunto we have now set our respective

Hands before the Commissioners here present, are and do contain

iz ‘a true

A.D. 1801.

C. lvi.

185

41° GEO. III.

a true Description, Survey, Admeasurement and Account of the said Forest or Chase of Needwood, and of the Abuttals and Boundaries thereof, and of the several Wards thereof, and of all Buildings, Inclosures, Lands and Incroachments thereon, with the Christian and Sirnames of the several Owners and Occupiers or

reputed Owners or Occupiers thereof respectively, and that the fame were made and taken by us respectively, according to the best of our Knowledge, Information and Belief, and the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, without Favour, Affection or Partiality, to any Person or Persons; and we do further severally and respectively swear [or affirm], that we will faithfully, impartially

and honestly, according to the best of our Skill and Judgment, 4 execute the several other Trusts reposed in us as Surveyors by virtue of the said Act, without Favour or Affection to any Person or Persons whatsoever/

Which Oath so to be taken shall be written on Parchment, and subscribed by the said Surveyors, and duly attested by the said Commissioners under their Hands, and shall be inrolled with the final Award herein after mentioned.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the said Samuel Botham or any other Surveyor to be appointed in his Room or Stead as herein after mentioned shall happen to die, before the said several Surveys, and all other matters by this Act directed to be made or done by the said Surveyors, shall have been so made and completed, or shall refuse or become incapable to act therein, or shall be discharged therefrom, by the major Part of the said Commissioners who are hereby impowered to discharge the said Samuel Botham from his Office of Surveyor if they shall think fit, then and so often, and in any of such cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Chancellor of His Majesty's Duchy of for the time being,

at any time within One Calendar Month next after such Death, Refusal, Incapacity or Discharge shall be notified in Writing to the said Chancellor by the said Commissioners, or by the surviving or continuing Surveyor, (which Notification they are hereby respectively required to make,) by Writing under his Hand from time to time, to nominate and appoint such other fit and proper Person to be a Surveyor jointly with the said Robert Harvey Wyatt or his Successor, being the other Surveyor for the time being for the purposes of executing the Powers and Authorities remaining to be executed by the said Samuel Botham or his Successors, under and by virtue of this Act, in the Room or Stead of the said Samuel Botham or his Successors as aforesaid; but in case the said Chancellor shall not make such Appointment, and cause the same to be delivered to the said Commissioners some or One of them within the time herein-before limited for that purpose, that then and in such case the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and directed, by Writing under their Hands, to nominate and appoint in manner herein-before directed, such prastical Land Surveyor, to succeed the said Samuel Botham or his Successors, as they shall think fit: Provided also, that in case the said Robert Harvey, or any Person

appointed as Surveyor to succeed him in the Execution of this Act, shall happen to die before the said several Surveys and other matters directed to be made and done by him shall have been so made and

For electing new Surveyors in case of Vacancies.

186

c, ivi.

A.D. 1801.

All Appointments of Commissioners and Surveyors to be annexed to the final Award.

Confirming the Boundaries ridden by the Wood mote Jury, for the last ao Years.

For ascertaining the Boundaries of the Four Wards.

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

completed, or shall refuse or become incapable to act in such Business, or shall be discharged therefrom by the major Part of the said Commissioners, who are hereby empowered to discharge the said Robert Harvey Wyatt from his Office of Surveyor if they shall think fit, then and so often it shall and may be lawful to and for the several and respective Persons who by this Act are empowered to supply the Place of a Commissioner, in case of the Death of the said Samuel Wyatt or his declining to act as aforesaid, (having the like Notic6 from the said Commissioners, given to them for that purpose, as is herein-before in that case directed, and which Notice the said Commissioners are hereby accordingly required to give them,) to proceed to an Election, Nomination and Appointment of a new Surveyor in the Room or Stead of the said Robert Harvey Wyatt or his SuCcessor, in such like manner and Form, and within such time, as is and are herein-before directed, limited and provided for Election of such New Commissioner; and for want of such Nomination and Appointment of a new Surveyor within the time limited as aforesaid, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required, by Writing under their Hands, to nominate and appoint such practical Land Surveyor to succeed the said Robert Harvey Wyatt or his SuCcessor as they shall think fit.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Appointments of new Commissioners and Surveyors, by this Act directed to be made, shall be annexed unto the said Commissioners’ final Award; and that all and every Person and Persons to be thereby nominated and appointed as a Commissioner or Commissioners, Surveyor or Surveyors, in the manner and Form aforesaid, shall, from and immediately after such his or their respective Nomination and Appointment, be invested with and have the fame Powers and Authorities for putting this Act in Execution, as the Commissioner or Commissioners, Surveyor or Surveyors, in whose Room he or they shall be io nominated or appointed respectively, is or are, or was or were severally and respectively invested with, every such new Commissioner duly taking and subscribing the Oath herein-before directed to be taken and subscribed by the said Commissioners; and every such new Surveyor duly taking and subscribing the Oath herein-before directed to be taken and subscribed by the said Surveyors, in the Presence of the said Commissioners, or so much thereof as shall be applicable to the Trusts and Powers reposed in and remaining to be executed by any such new Surveyor respectively, and as shall be settled and approved by the said Commissioners, as the case may require.

X. And be it further enacted, That for obviating any Doubts or Difficulties concerning the true Limits and Boundaries of the said Forest or Chase, such Limits and Boundaries thereof as have been usually ridden or perambulated by the Juries of the Woodmote Courts of the said Forest or Chase for the Space of Twenty Years last past, shall, by force and virtue of this Act, be deemed, taken and established as the true Limits and Boundaries of the said Forest or Chase.

XI. And be it further enacted, That for the purpose of more effectually ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Four several Wards or Districts of the said Forest or Chase herein-before mentioned, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required

A.D. 1801.

a hi.

187

41° GEO. III.

at their First Meeting, or Tome Adjournment thereof, or as soon after as conveniently may be, to examine into, settle, ascertain and determine, by the Examination of Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath any One of the said Commissioners is hereby authorized to administer,) and by other proper and sufficient Inquiry and Evidence, to ascertain, settle and finally determine, and thereupon to stake and mark out the Boundaries of and between the said Four several Wards or Districts of the said Forest or Chase, called by the respective Names of Tutbury Ward, Marchington W Toxall, and Barton

Ward, and the said Commissioners shall in their First Award, to be made as after mentioned, or in the Map or Plan to be thereunto annexed, particularly express and describe such said several Boundaries.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the said Surveyors shall have made such Openings through the Woods of the said Forest as they shall find expedient, in order to the surveying the fame in manner before authorized or mentioned, make and take, in their own proper Persons, or cause to be made and taken, by such fit and able Person or Persons as they shall for that purpose by Writing under their Hands nominate and appoint, a Survey and Valuation of all the Oak Trees Handing and growing on the said open and uninclosed Parts of the said Forest or Chase, distinguishing such of them as contain or exceed the Girth or Square of Six Inches, by different and dif-tinct Numbers and Marks, from such as are under the said Girth or Square, of which Survey and Valuation there shall be Duplicates made, and if not taken by the said Commissioners themselves, the same shall be delivered over to them, verified on the Oath of the Person or Persons taking the fame, (which Oath the said Commis-missioners are hereby empowered to administer,) to be and contain a just and true Account and Valuation thereof, and that when and so soon as such Survey and Valuation shall be completed and verified as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall forthwith deliver One of such Duplicates unto the Receiver General of the said Duchy of -caster, or his Deputy for the time being, and shall keep the other of such Duplicates in their, or some of their Hands, for the Inspection of all Persons interested therein.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Freeholders and Copyholders entitled to Right of Common of Pasture on the said Forest, shall be deemed and considered as entitled to One Tenth Part of the Value, which shall be so set and put upon the said Oak Trees, being of or exceeding the said Girth or Square of Six Inches, and that all the Rest and Residue thereof shall be deemed the Property of the King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and, that previously to any Trees being felled or cut down on the said Forest or Chase, the said Receiver General for and on the behalf of the King’s Majesty, shall pay in Money the said One Tenth Part of the Value thereof, into the Hands of the said Commissioners, whose Receipt shall be a sufficient Discharge for the fame, to be by them applied to and for the Use of the said Freeholders and Copyholders, in manner herein after directed, and that upon Payment thereof by the said Receiver General, the King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, shall have and be entitled to the Whole of the said Oak Trees in the said Forest or Chase, being of or exceeding the said Girth or Square of Six Inches as aforesaid; and that it shall thereupon

Timber and young Trees to be valued.

A Tenth in Value of the Timber to be paid by the Crown for the Use of the Freeholders and Copyholders

and on Payment thereof, the Crown to dif-pole of all the Timber down to Six Inches’

Girth indufive.

] 88

C. lvi.

A.D. 1801.

Power for the Crown to cut Timber after Payment for the Freeholders’ Part.

How the Trees cut by the Surveyor are to be disposed of.

Receiver General may make temporary Advances,

Book of Accounts to be left with the Clerk for the Inspec-

41° GEO. III.

upon be lawful to and for the proper Officer or Officers of His Majesty's said Duchy, under the Order and Authority of the Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy for the time being, for the Space of Three Years, to be computed from the Date of the Commissioners’ first Award, herein after directed to be made by them, with Workmen or Labourers, Servants and Agents, Horses, Carts and Carriages, to have and take free Ingress and Egress into and upon the said Forest or Chase and the several Allotments thereof, as well to peel, fell, cut down, grub up, burn to Charcoal, remove and dif-pole of all the said Oak Trees, being of or exceeding the said Girth or Square last mentioned; and in case any Part thereof shall happen to be left standing and growing after the said Term of Three Years, upon any of the Allotments hereby directed to be set out to the said Owners of Tythes, Freeholders and Copyholders, the same shall from thenceforth become and remain the Property of the Persons entitled to such Lands, whereon the same shall be so standing and growing respectively.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Trees and Wood whatsoever which shall be cut down or stocked up by the said Surveyors for the purposes and under the Authority given as aforesaid, shall be fairly appraised and valued by the said Surveyors, or by such Person or Persons as they shall by Writing under their Hands appoint, and that upon Payment by the Receiver General of the said Duchy for and on behalf of His Majesty, into the Hands of the Commissioners of One Fourth Part in Money of the Sum at which the said Trees and Wood shall be so valued, it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty's Axbearer of the said Forest or Chase for the time being, or other Officers of the said Duchy, thereunto authorized by the Order of the Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy, to sell and dispose of the said Trees and Wood so cut down or grubbed up, to and for His Majesty's Use, and that the Money so to be paid to the said Commissioners shall be added to the Money to be paid to them for the Tenth Part of the Value of the Timber on the said Forest or Chase under the Directions of this Act, and be applied and disposed of by the said Commissioners, unto or for the Use of the said Freeholders and Copyholders, as Part and Parcel thereof, in manner herein after mentioned.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Receiver General of the said Duchy for the time being, by any Warrant or Authority under the Hand of the Chancellor of the said Duchy for the time being, or under any Order made in Court of Revenue of the said Duchy, at any time or times previously to the Valuation of such Oak Trees as aforesaid, to advance and pay unto the said Commissioners (whose Receipt shall be a sufficient Discharge for the fame) such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be thought proper, on Account or towards the Payment of the said Tenth Part of the Value of such Oak Trees, directed to be paid to the said Commissioners as aforesaid, or for or on Account of any Expences by this Act directed to be paid on the Part of His Majesty, or His Heirs or Successors.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to keep or cause to be kept at the Office of their Clerk a Book, in which shall be entered a full and particular Account of all Sums of Money received, raised or expended.

A.D. 1801.

c. lvi.

1S9

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

pended, by virtue of this Act, or any of the Powers or Authorities tion of the Pro-

hereby granted; which Book of Accounts shall remain open at all prietors*

reasonable times, during the Progress of the Inclosure for the In-

spedlion of all Persons interested, and until such Accounts are finally

settled; and if the said Commissioners or their Clerk shall neglect or

refuse to keep such Accounts, or to cause the same to remain open as

aforesaid, they or he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any

Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Five Pounds, to be

levied and recovered in the same manner as any other Penalty is by

this Act directed to be levied and recovered, and the same shall be applied towards defraying the Expences of carrying this Act into Execution.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Sums Monies received of Money to be received or raised under and by virtue of this Act, vv*len amount'ns or any of the Powers herein contained, shall, as often as the fame

shall amount to Fifty Pounds or upwards, be paid into the Hands of Hand of such some Banker, or of such other Person or Persons as shall be appointed Person as shall by the said Commissioners, and approved by the Receiver General of approved by a His Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster, or his Deputy, (in case any Part Majority of such Monies shall be advanced or paid by such Receiver General,) proprietors0 and by a Majority in Value of such Proprietors who shall be present at the First Meeting of the said Commissioners; and in the Notice of which Meeting, shall be expressed the Intention of then appointing such Banker or other Person or Persons, and that no Monies shall be issued out of the Hands of such Banker or other Person or Persons without an Order of the said Commissioners, specifying the Person to whom the same are to be paid or payable, and the Service for which the same are due; and that the Balance (if any) upon the final Settlement of Accounts shall be immediately repaid to the Receiver General of the said Duchy, and to the Persons entitled thereto respectively, according to their respective Rights therein, or in proportion to the Sums respectively paid by them: Provided always, that the said Commissioners shall not be answerable for any Part of the said Money, so long as it shall remain in the Hands of the said Banker or other Person, nor shall any One of the said Commissioners be answerable for any Money, unless he shall have previously joined in signing the Order for Payment of the same.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, previously to the making of the Division or Allotments herein after mentioned, to appoint, and set and flake out such public Carriage Roads, in, over and upon the said Forest or Chase, as they shall think necessary and proper; and the said Commissioners shall give public Notice of the same in some Newspaper or Newspapers printed and circulated in the said County of Stafford, and also in some Newspaper printed and circulated in the said County of Derby, and that it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved, by the appointing and setting out of the Roads so to be appointed and flaked out, (on giving One Calendar Month’s Notice to the said Commissioners, or any One of them, of his, her or their Intention, describing the Road or Roads objected to,) to appeal against the Proceedings or Directions of the said Commissioners, respecting all or any such public Carriage Roads, or any Part thereof, to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County of Stafford, within Four Calendar Months next after such

Commissioners to set out public Carriage Roads, and appoint a Surveyor of them,&c.

190

C.lvi.

A.D. 1801.

no GEO. III.

appointing and setting out of the fai^ Roads, and Notice thereof given as aforesaid, and he, (lie or they shall be heard by himself, her-self or themselves, or by his, her or their Counsel, Agents or Witnesses; and the said Commissioners, or One of them, or the Surveyor or Surveyors, shall attend at such Session with a General Map of the said Forest or Chase, and the Justices before whom such Appeal shall be made, shall, on hearing the Evidence, and inspecting the said Map, finally determine where the said public Carriage Road or Roads, Or any Part thereof so appealed against, shall be made, and whether any new Carriage Road or Roads is or are necessary to be set out, and shall make and give such Orders touching the matters before them, as shall be necessary and expedient in that behalf; and if no such Appeal shall be made, then such Appointment and setting out of the said Carriage Roads shall be final and conclusive; all which public Roads shall be and remain of the Breadth of Forty Feet at the least, and shall be well and sufficiently fenced out on both Sides by such of the Persons interested in the Lands to be inclosed, except in respect to the King's Majesty, and within such time or times as the said Commissioners shall dirett and appoint, and that it shall not be lawful for any Person, except the King's Majesty, to erect any Gate across any of the said Roads, or to plant any Trees in or near the Hedges or Fences on the Sides of any of the said Roads at a less Distance from each other than Fifty Yards; and after such public Carriage Roads shall have been set out as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby empowered and required., by Writing under their Hands, to appoint some proper Person to be a Surveyor of them, and such Surveyor shall cause the said Roads to be formed and put in good and sufficient Repair, and shall be allowed such Salary or Reward for his Trouble as the said Commissioners shall diretft; which Salary or Reward, and also the Expence (over and above the Statute Duty, if any,) of forming the said Roads, and putting the fame in good and sufficient Repair, shall be borne and paid in manner herein after mentioned, that is to say, as to so much and such of the said Roads as the said Commissioners shall direct to be made at His Majesty's Expence, the Expences incident to or concerning the same (to be ascertained by the said Commissioners) shall be paid by the Receiver General of His Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster into the Hands of the said Commissioners on Application for the fame; and as to the Residue of the said Roads, the Expences incident to or concerning the same (to be ascertained by the said Commissioners) shall be paid by the said Commissioners out of the Monies to be by them received for the Use of the Freeholders and Copyholders, having Right of Common of Pasture on the said Forest or Chase as herein provided, or shall be borne and paid by the several Freeholders and Copyholders having Right of Common of Pasture on the said Forest or Chase, (other than and except the said Re&ors of Tutbury, Hanbury, Tatenhill and, and the said Vicars of Tutbury and Hanbury for the time being,) and shall be raised by a Rate to be laid on such Freeholders and Copyholders according to their respective Rights and Interests in the said Forest or Chase, (the respective Proportions thereof to be ascertained by the said Commissioners ); such Rate to be laid and assessed by the said Commissioners or by any Justice of the Peace for the County of Stafford, upon Application made for that purpose by the said

A.D. 1801.

c. lvi.

191

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

Surveyor, and to be collected and received by such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners or Justice by whom such Rate shall be laid and assessed shall by Writing appoint; and in case any Person shall neglect or refuse to pay his or her Share of the said Rate within Fourteen Days next after demand made thereof, the same shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refilling, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Stafford, (as the case may be,) which Warrant the said Commissioners or any such Justice are or is hereby empowered and required to grant, upon Proof on Oath of such Neglect or Refusal, and of such Demand as aforesaid, (which Oath the said Commissioners or such Justice are and is respectively hereby empowered to administer,) and the Surplus (if any), after such Share or Shares of the said Rate, and the Charges of levying the same shall have been dedu&ed, shall be returned on Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, and that no Person or Persons, (other than the Owners or Proprietors of, and Persons interested in the said Forest or Chase) shall be charged or chargeable (over and above the Statute Duty, if any,) towards the forming or repairing the said Roads, until the same shall be made fit for the Passage of Travellers and Carriages, and shall have been certified so to be by the said Surveyor by Writing under his Hand, to be delivered to the Justices at some General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County of Stafford, and such Certificate shall have been allowed and confirmed by them, which said Certificate shall be delivered to the said Justices at their Quarter Sessions to be holden next after the said Roads shall be formed and put in good and sufficient Repair as aforesaid, and within the Space of Two Years next after the Execution of the First Award or Instrument of the said Commissioners, unless sufficient Reason be given to the Satisfaction of the said Justices that a further time is necessary for that purpose, in which case the said Justices may, and are hereby empowered to allow such further time for delivering in the said Certificate as they shall think proper, not exceeding One Year and in case the said Surveyor shall neglect or refuse to deliver the said Certificate within the time before limited, or such further time as shall be allowed him for that purpose by the said Justices as aforesaid, such Surveyor shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds to be recovered by Distress and Sale of his Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Stafford, rendering the Surplus (if any) to the said Surveyor, after deducing the Charges and Expences of such Warrant, Distress and Sale, and such Penalty, when recovered, shall be applied in Aid of the Rate to be made as aforesaid; and that, from and after such Certificate shall have been delivered to the said Justices by the said Surveyor as aforesaid, and shall have been by them allowed and confirmed, the said Roads respectively shall be from time to time supported and kept in Repair by the Inhabitants of the respective Parish, Township, District or Place, within or to which Allotment the same shall be adjudged by the said Commissioners to lie and belong, and to be set forth and declared in and by their several Awards herein after directed to be made, or One of them,

192

C. lvi.

A.D. 1801. 41» GEO. III

(U.K.)

Commissioners to set out public Bridle Roads, and Footways, also private Roads, with Plots for Stone, Gravel, &c.

in like manner as other public Roads within such respective Parishes, Townships, Districts or Places, are by Law to be repaired, (that is to say,) as to so much of the said Roads as shall be adjudged to belong to His Majesty's Allotment, the same to be ascertained and set forth in and by the said Commissioners’ First Award, and as to the Residue of the said Roads, the same to be ascertained and set forth in and by their final Award; and the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby also empowered and required to set out and appoint, and cause to be made, erected and completed, such public Bridle Roads and Footways, and private Roads and Ways, with Plots or Parcels of Ground, to be appropriated for the Supply of Stone, Gravel, Sand and other Materials, for the Repairs of all such Roads, Ways, Paths and Bridges, as well public as private, and common Drains; and also, such Banks, Ditches, Drains, Watercourses, common watering Places for Cattle, Bridges, Gates, Stiles and other Accommodations, in, over and upon the said Forest or Chase, as they shall think requisite, and the same shall be made and erected, and at all times thereafter repaired, cleansed and maintained by such Persons, and in such manner as the said Commissioners shall in their several Awards or Instruments, or One of them, appoint; and also, that it shall be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to make, divert, flop up, alter, change, remove, widen or enlarge any old public or private Road or Way, Hedge, Fence or Bridge, causeway, Brook, Watercourse, Ditch, Drain, Gate or Stile, between, through, within, over or upon any of the ancient or present inclosed Lands, within any of the respective Parishes, Townships or Places aforesaid, on the said Forest or Chase, and shall and may set out and appropriate such new public or private Road or Way, in lieu of such old public or private Road or Way so to be diverted, flopped up and altered, as they the said Commissioners shall think expedient and requisite for the Convenience of the Parties interested in such Inclosure and the Public at large, and shall value and ascertain what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to any Person or Persons who shall receive any Injury thereby, and by whom and in what manner such Satisfaction shall be made; and that after the several public or private Roads and Ways shall have been set out and made* altered, diverted or flopped up, as herein-before mentioned; it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever, either on Foot or with Horses, Cattle or Carriages, to use any other Roads or Ways, either public or private, over or upon such ancient or present Inclosures, or the said Forest or Chase, than such as shall have been set out and made by the said Commissioners as aforesaid; which said several Roads so to be set out, diverted, altered and flopped up respectively, shall be set forth in the said several Awards of the said Commissioners, or One of them, and the same shall be final and conclusive upon all Persons whomsoever; and that all former Roads and Ways which shall not be so set out and appointed as Roads and Ways through or over the said Forest or Chase shall be deemed Part thereof, and be divided and allotted accordingly; provided that none of the present Roads shall be Hopped up or discontinued until the said Commissioners shall have caused the said new Roads to be set out as aforesaid, and until the same shall be properly formed, and made safe and convenient for Travellers, Horses, Cattle and

j

A.D. 1801.

C. lvi.

193

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

XIX. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to give the said Commissioners any Power or Authority to divert, change or alter any Turnpike Road now made upon or over any Part of the said Forest or Chase, nor to make the fame less than Sixty Feet broad.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners

shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, to set out the said Public Carriage Roads in such Directions as shall upon the whole appear to them most commodious for the Public, and to ascertain the fame by Marks and Bounds, and to prepare a Map in which such intended Roads shall be accurately laid down and described, and also such Carriage Roads, if any, as are intended under the Powers which are given by this Act to be flopped up; such Map signed by the Commissioners, or the major Part of them, to be deposited with the Clerk of the said Commissioners; and as soon as may be after such Carriage Roads shall have been set out and such Map so deposited, to give Notice in some Newspaper circulated in the County of Stafford,which Notice, or a Copy thereof, shall be

affixed upon the Church Door of the several Parishes of

Hanbury, Tatenhill, Toxall, Hampjlalland Scrop-

ton aforesaid, of their having set out such Roads, and deposited such Map, and also of the general Lines of such intended Carriage Roads, and of the particular Carriage Roads, if any, so intended to be Hopped up; and to appoint in the fame Notice a Meeting to be held by the said Commissioners, at some convenient Place in or near to the Forest or Chase of Needwood aforesaid, and not sooner than Three Weeks from the Date of such Notice, at which Meeting any Person who may be injured or aggrieved by the setting out or flopping up of such Roads may attend; and if any Person shall object to the setting out or flopping up of the same, that then the said Commissioners shall hear and determine such Objection, and the Objections of any other such Person, to any Alterations that the said Commissioners may in consequence propose to make, and shall, according to their Judgment upon the Whole, order and direct how such Carriage Roads shall be set out or flopped up, and either confirm the said Map by resigning the fame, or make such Alteration therein as the case may require: Provided always, that if no Alteration shall be made by the said Commissioners, any Person so having objected, or if any Alteration shall have been made, then such Person, or any other Person who may be injured and aggrieved thereby, may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County of ford, within Four Calendar Months next after such Meeting of the Commissioners as aforesaid, giving Notice in Writing to such Commissioners or their Clerk, of the Intention to appeal, and of the Particulars to which he objects, and specifying the Alteration which he proposes, within Ten Days after such Meeting, and entering into a Recognizance with sufficient Sureties before a Justice of the Peace for the County of Stafford, to try the said Appeal, and requiring the said Commissioners further to cause such Notice to be published in the Newspaper before mentioned, and also to be affixed on the Church Door of the said several Parishes of Tutbury,

Tatenhill, Toxall, Hampjlall Ridware, and Scropton aforesaid, and that the said Commissioners, or One of them, or their Surveyor or Clerk, shall attend at such Sessions, and then and there 41 Geo. III.

[U.K.) O produce

Turnpike Roads not to be altered.

Directing a Map to be made of the Road

194

G lvi.

Compensation to Individuals who have made Carriage Roads upon the said Forest at their own Expence.

Ground set out for Roads not to be deemed Part of the Lands to be allotted.

Quarter Sessions may convert private Roads into public Roads.

41° GEO. III. A.D. 1801.

produce the Map above mentioned; and the Justices at Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given, and of the entering into such Recognizance, jshall, on hearing the Evidence, finally determine whether the said Roads so appealed against shall continue as last ordered by the said Commissioners, or as proposed to be altered in such Notice, but not otherwise, and award such Cods to either Party as to them shall seem expedient; and such Determination of the said Justices shall be final, and shall not be removed or removeable, by Certiorari or otherwise; but in case no such Notice shall be given, or such Recognizance shall not be entered into, or such Appeal shall not be proceeded in as aforesaid, then such setting out or flopping up of the said Carriage Roads by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive.

XXI. And Whereas certain Individuals have at their own private Expence formed and made Carriage Roads over Parts of the said

Forest: or Chafe, and it may happen that the Whole or some Parts of such Carriage Roads respectively may be conveniently appropriated and used as Part of the public or private Carriage Roads

to be set out and appointed by virtue of this Act, whereby considerable Expence may be saved Be it therefore further enacted, That if the said Commissioners, in setting out and appointing the public or private Carriage Roads, by virtue of this Act, shall think it expedient to adopt a Line of Direction for any of such public or private Carriage Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, along the Whole or any Part of the several Carriage Roads which have been already respectively formed and made at the Expence of Individuals as aforesaid, then and in such case the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered (if they shall think it reasonable and proper so to do) to ascertain and determine what Sum or Sums of Money ought to be paid to such respective Individuals or any of them, in Consideration of the saving of Expence to His Majesty and the Proprietors at large, or either of them, or to any particular Proprietor or Proprietors, as the case may happen, on account of such Carriage Roads or Parts thereof respeCHvely being appropriated as aforesaid, and by their several Awards or Instruments in Writing, to be made by virtue of this Act or One of them, to order and direct to whom, by whom, and in what manner such Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Land and Ground which shall be so set out for public Carriage Roads, and Spots of Ground to be appropriated for the Supply of Stone, Gravel and other Materials for the Repairs thereof, and for common Drains and common Watering Places for Cattle, shall not be considered by the said Commissioners in setting out the several Allotments of the said Forest or Chase unto the respective Persons entitled thereto, under the Directions herein after contained, as any Part of the Lands hereby directed to be valued, allotted or set out; any thing herein after contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in case any private Roads shall be made by or for the Use of any of the Owners, Tenants or Occupiers of any Lands within the said Forest: or Chafe, and any of such private Roads or Ways shall afterwards be found of public or general Convenience, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Court of Quarter Sessions for the County of Stafford} with the

A.D. 1801.

a h

195

41° GEO. III.

Consent of the Persons for whose particular Use such respective Roads or Ways were made or left, to declare the fame respectively by their Order to be public Roads or Ways, and from thenceforth the same shall be deemed public Roads or Ways for the free Passage of all His Majesty's liege Subjects, and shall be from thenceforth repaired at the general Expence of the Township or Place within which such Roads or Ways are situate, in like manner as other public Roads therein are by Law repaired and maintained, or ought so to be.

XXIV. And Whereas there is within the said Forest or Chase a 4 certain Pool of Water, or Land covered with Water, called PooI,containing Ten Acres or thereabouts: And Whereas there

was also in former times another Pool of Water, or Piece of Land covered with Water, called Brtckley, containing Two Acres or thereabouts; but which said last mentioned Pool, by Means of the Head or Bank thereof being decayed, did lie wholly dry for many Years, but is now in Part covered with Water

And Whereas l'ome Doubts have arisen concerning the Right and Title to the said Two Pools, namely, whether the same are the Property of the Crown, as within and Parcel of the said Forest or Chase, or whether the same are the Property of the said -

beth Meynell Widow, who claims the Soil of the said Pools

In order therefore to obviate such Doubts Be it enacted and declared, That the said Elizabeth Meynell, and other the Owners For allotting

of the said Messuage and Lands in Hoarcross aforesaid, for the time Ll!ce p°o1 and

being, shall from henceforth have, hold and enjoy, to herself and Mrs^Mc^nell!0

themselves respectively, according to her and their Estate in the said r '

Messuage and Lands in Hoarcross aforesaid, the said Piece of Land

called Luce Pool, containing Ten Acres or thereabouts, be the fame

more or less, and also the said Pool called Brtckley Pool, containing

Two Acres or thereabouts, be the same more or less, together also

with a Border or Margin round the fame respectively, of the Width

of Six Yards from High Water Mark, and a Road or Way to the said Pools respectively., freed and discharged from all Claims of the

Crown, and that the fame or any Part thereof shall not be deemed

or considered by the said Commissioners as any Part of the Land or

Ground authorized by this Act to be by them set out and allotted.

XXV. And be it enacted, That the several Pounds or Pinfolds pinfolds referred now kept and appropriated for the Use of the said Forest or Chase, to the Crown, or the Ground whereon the fame or any of them are situate, shall not be deemed or taken as any Part of the Land by this Ati authorized to be allotted or set out, but the same shall for ever remain veiled in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and be used as heretofore accustomed; unless the said Commissioners shall appoint any other Place or Places, Situation or Situations, for such Pound or Pounds,

Pinfold or Pinfolds, which they are hereby empowered to do j in which case such Place and Places so to be appointed shall be and are ' hereby veiled in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for the purpose aforesaid; and in case any of the said Pounds or Pinfolds shall be hereafter found inconvenient, in respect of Situation, it shall be lawful for the Steward of the Honour or Manor of Tutbury for the time being, or his Deputy, by and with the Consent of the Overseers of the Poor of the Township wherein any such Pound or Pinfold is situate, to remove the same to any other more convenient Place or Places upon the Waste, or on the Side of any Road in the

196

Allotments to the Tythe Owners.

C.lvi. 41° GEO. III. A.D. 1801.

same Township, or to erect any other Pounds or Pinfolds on the Wastes thereof for the more conveniently impounding of Cattle legally taken for Trespass.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, in the next Place, to set out and allot within Tut bury Ward, in the said Forest, unto the Most Noble William Duke of as Rector Impro-

priate of the said Parish of Tutburyhis Heirs and Assigns, and unto the said Joseph Clowes Vicar of the said Parish, and his Successors, in lieu and discharge of the Tythes of the said Ward, so much of the open Parts of the said Tutbury Ward as they shall adjudge to be equal in Value to One Tenth Part of the said Tutbury Ward, and of the Incroachments and Inclosures thereon, (the Lodge called Brichley Lodge, in the said Ward, and the Inclosures therewith held and occupied, only excepted ;) and also so many of the Oak Trees, or the Value thereof, handing and growing on the open and uninclosed Parts of the said Ward, being under the Girth or Square of Six Inches, as they shall adjudge to be equal in Value to One Tenth Part of all the Oak Trees thereon, being under the Girth or Square last mentioned; and shall also in like manner set out and allot, within Marchington Ward in the said Forest, unto the said Bishop of Lichfield and, as Rector of the said

Parish of Hanbury, and unto the said Hugh Bailye, Vicar of the same Parish, and unto their respective Successors, in lieu and discharge of the Tythes of the said Marchington Ward, so much of the open Parts of the said Ward, and so many of the said Oak Trees, or the Value thereof, handing and growing on the open and uninclosed Parts of the said Ward, being under the Girth or Square of Six Inches, as the said Commissioners shall adjudge to be equal in Value to One Tenth Part of the said Marchington Ward, and of the Incroachments and Inclosures thereon, (the Lodge called Ealand Lodge, in the said Ward, and the Inclosures therewith held and occupied, only excepted,) and to One Tenth Part in Value of all Oak Trees handing and growing on the open and uninclosed Parts of the said Ward, being under the Girth or Square last mentioned respectively; which said Allotments for Tythes in Tutbury and Hanbury Wards are to be afterwards apportioned between the said Rectors and Vicars of Tutbury and Hanbury, in manner herein after provided; and shall also in like manner set out and allot, within Ward

in the said Forest, unto the said Thomas Clare, Rector of the said Parish of Toxall, and his Successors, in lieu and discharge of the Tythes of the said Toxall Ward, so much of the open Parts of the said Ward, and so many of the Oak Trees, or the Value thereof, {landing and growing thereon, being under the said Girth or Square of Six Inches, as the said Commissioners shall adjudge to be equal in Value to One Tenth Part of the said Toxall Ward, and of the Incroachments and Inclosures thereon, (the Lodge called Toxall Lodge, in the said Ward, and the Inclosures therewith held and occupied, and so much of the Lands called Thatchmore herein after mentioned, as lie in the said last mentioned Ward, only excepted,) and to One Tenth Part in Value of all Oak Trees standing and growing on the open and uninclosed Parts of the said Ward, being under the Girth or Square last mentioned respectively; and shall also in like manner set out and allot unto the said Proby,

A.D. 1801.

c. hi.

197

41° GEO. III. (

Rector of the said Parish of Tatenhil/, and his Successors, in lieu and discharge of the Tythes of the said Barton Ward, so much of the open Parts of the said Ward, and so many of the Oak Trees, or the Value thereof, Handing and growing thereon, being under the Girth or Square of Six Inches, as the said Commissioners shall adjudge to be equal in Value to One Tenth Part of the said Barton Ward, and of the Incroachments and Inclosures thereon, (save and except,the Lodge called Sherholt Lodge, in the said Ward, and the Farms and Inclosures therewith held and occupied, and save and except certain inclosed Lands there, called, containing

Four Acres more or less, lying in Barton Ward and Ward

aforesaid, or One of them, heretofore granted by King James the First, by Letters Patent under the Seal of the said Duchy, bearing Date on or about the Ninth Day of Janua, in the Twenty first Year of his Reign, unto Edward Badbie and William Welt den and their Heirs for ever, under a Fee Farm Rent of Six Shillings and Eight pence per Annum, which Rent was heretofore paid to The King’s Majesty by Matthew Butler, Owner of the said Land; and also save and except certain other Land, containing Two Acres more or less, heretofore inclosed by virtue of a Licence for that purpose granted by the said King James the First, under the Seal of the said Duchy, bearing Date on or about the Eighteenth Day of February, in the Twelfth Year of his Reign, unto one Richard

Key, under a yearly Fee Farm Rent of Two Shillings, which Rent is now payable to The King’s Majesty by the Heirs or Assigns of John Godwin, as Owner of the said Land,) and to One Tenth Part

in Value of all Oak Trees Handing and growing on the open uninclosed Parts of the said Ward, being under the Girth or Square last mentioned respectively.

XXVII. And for apportioning and dividing the said Allotments and other Compensations for Tythes in the said Tutlury Ward and *Marchington Ward, between the said respective Rectors and Vicars of the said Parishes of Tutbury and Hanb according to their respective Rights ;’ Be it further enacted, That the said Commis- p0r apportioning sioners shall, when and so soon as they shall have set out such Allot- the TytheAl-ments, give unto each of them the said Rectors and Vicars of Tutbury lotments of Tut-and Hanbury a Terrier and Account thereof, with a Copy of the between"' Plan or Survey of the several Plottings thereof, and an Account of the Rectors and the Values by them the said Commissioners set thereon, and also of Vicars thereof, all the Trees, or the Values thereof, assigned therewith as aforesaid; and shall also appoint unto the said Rectors and Vicars, by Notice in Writing, to be delivered unto them with the said Terrier and Account, a Meeting, (whereof not less than Fourteen Days, nor exceeding Twenty one Days, to be computed from the Day of delivering such Notice, shall be given,) for apportioning and dividing the said respective Allotments unto the said respective Rectors and Vicars of the said Parishes of Tutbury and, in Satisfaction

and Discharge of their respective Tythes in the said Wards, and according unto their respective Rights and Interests therein; and in case the Rector and Vicar of both or either of the said Parishes shall at such Meeting, by themselves or their Agent or Agents, produce and deliver any Agreement in Writing, under their respective Hands, duly signed by them, and attested by Two credible Witnesses, and such Agreement, as to the Parish of Tutbury, being also approved by

198

c. ivi.

A.D. 1801.

Rents’ Charge to be paid for Tythe of Lodges and certain Freehold Lands,

Allotments, &c, to be accepted by the Tythe Owners in discharge of Tythes,

41° GEO. III. (CUT.)

the Bishop of the Diocese for the time being, testified by his signing the fame, for settling and ascertaining the respective Proportions or Shares in which the said Rectors and Vicars shall have agreed, their said respective Allotments of Land and Trees, or the Values thereof, shall be divided, then and in such case the said Commissioners shall fever and divide the said Allotments of Land and Trees, or the Values thereof, according to the Terms of such Agreement, and shall award and assign the fame accordingly; but in case no such Agreement for both or either of such Allotments shall be then and there produced, then and in such case the said Commissioners shall at such Meeting hear the several Parties in Person, or by their Counsel or Agents, and thereupon, with all convenient Speed, apportion and divide the said Allotments for Tythes in Ward and Marchington Ward, unto and between the said respective Rectors and Vicars thereof, according to their respective Rights, as they the said Commissioners shall in their Judgment think just and right.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners

shall also make a just and fair Valuation and Estimate of the Tythes of the Four several Lodges on the said Forest, and the Farms and Inclosures therewith held and enjoyed within the said Ward,

and of the said Lands called Thatchmore, and the said Two Acres of Land, more or less, inclosed by Licence from King James the First as aforesaid, and shall thereupon settle and ascertain in and by their Award herein after directed to be made, what annual Compensation in Money they shall adjudge to be charged upon and issuable out of the said respective Lodges, Mills, Farms and Lands by the Owners or Tenants thereof, in lieu and discharge of the Tythes thereof, unto the several and respective Rectors and Vicars entitled thereto, according to their respective Rights; which several Payments in lieu of Tythes shall be deemed in Law, and are hereby declared to be Rents charged on the said respective Premises, and to be paid and payable as such Rents’ Charge thereout, by the several and respective Owners thereof, and their Heirs, unto the said Rector of

Tutbury, his Heirs and Assigns, and to the said several and respective other Rectors and Vicars and their Successors, upon Michaelmas Day, Christmas Day, Lady Day and Mld Day, for ever, by Four

equal Quarterly Payments, clear of all Taxes, as well Parliamentary and Ordinary, as Parochial and Extraordinary, without Deduction in the Nature of Rents’ Charge, and to be recovered and recoverable as other Rents charged upon and issuable out of Lands and Tenements may by Law be recovered.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That immediately after the Ring or Outer Fences of the said Allotments for Tythes herein after directed to be made at His Majesty's Expence shall be made and completed, the said Allotments, and the said Rents’ Charge to be ascertained as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken as a full Recompence and Satisfaction for, and shall be accepted by the said Rector of Tutbury, his Heirs and Assigns, and by the Vicar of Tutbury and his Successors, and by the said several Rectors and Vicars of Hanbury, Toxall, and Tatenhill and their Successors, and by the said Lessee of the said Rectory of Hanbury and his Assigns, in full Satisfaction and Discharge of all and all manner of Tythes whatsoever, which might or could otherwise accrue, arise or become due to him, them or any of them, their or any of their

Heirs,

A.D. 1801.

a lvi.

199

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

Heirs, Successors, Tenants or Lessees, within and upon the said Forest or Chase of Needwood, or from any Messuages, Lodges,

Mills, Lands, Tenements, Inclosures or Incroachments whatsoever,

within the Limits and Boundaries thereof; and that from thenceforth Forest discharged

the said Forest or Chase, and all and Angular the Messuages, Lodges, from Tythes,

Mills, Lands, Tenements, Inclosures and Incroachments, within and upon the same, shall become, and shall from thenceforth remain, and be for ever freed, exonerated and discharged, of and from all Tythes of what Nature or Kind soever.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Allotments so to HowTythe

be assigned and set out unto the said Owners of Tythes, in lieu and Allotments are in discharge thereof, shall be assessed and rated to all parliamentary to

and parochial Taxes and Assessments in and for such Townships,

within the respective Parishes to which the same shall belong, as the said Commissioners, by their First Award herein after provided to be made by them, shall order and direct.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all such Lands and The Lessee of

other Compensations by this Act directed to be set out, assigned Hanbury Rec-or made, in lieu of Tythes belonging to the Reflory of the said Allot!

Panlh or Hanbury, shall be held and enjoyed by the said Robert ment during his Cheney and his Assigns for and during all such Term, Estate and Lease.

Interest, as the said Robert Cheney shall then have to come under and by virtue of his Lease of the Rectorial Tythes of the said Parish.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners Allotment to

shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, in the next Place, the Freeholders to set out and assign unto the Freeholders and Copyholders having a and Copy-Right of Common of Pasture, or other Rights within the said Forest: 0 ers‘

or Chafe or any Part thereof, so much of the open Parts of the said Forest: or Chafe, and of the Oak Trees, or the Value thereof, Handing and growing on the said open Parts, being under the Girth or Square of Six Inches, as they shall adjudge to be equal in Value to One full Moiety or Half Part, as well of the said Forest: or Chafe, and of all Inclosures and Incroachments thereon, as also of all the Oak Trees Handing and growing on the open Parts of the said ForeH or Chafe, being under the Girth or Square laH mentioned, in such fort, manner and form, as that the said Freeholders and Copyholders having a Right of Common of PaHure, or other Rights therein, may have and take in lieu thereof One Moiety or Half Part in Value of the whole of the said ForeH or Chafe, (Roads, Common Sewers and Watering Places and Spots of Ground which are herein-before directed not to be deemed Part of the Lands to be divided under this Act always and only excepted,) freed and discharged from all manner of Tythes; and also One Moiety or Half Part in Value of all the Oak Trees Handing and growing on the open and uninclosed Parts of the said ForeH, under the Girth or Square of Six Inches; and How Lodges that in settling and ascertaining the Value of such Moiety or Half andlncroach-Part of the said ForeH or Chafe, all the said Lodges, Inclosures and ments are to be Incroachments, shall be rated by the said Commissioners according to valuech their Quantity or Contents in Measure at the average Value per Acre, which the said Commissioners shall set as the Value of all the open Parts of the said ForeH or Chafe, and not at their improved Value.

200

C. lvi.

A.D. 1801.

A Saving of Timber upon indofed Lands.

For settling the Mode of Timber from the you*g Trees.

Commissioners may make Alteration respecting Allotments or private Roads before the Execution of their Awards.

His Majesty empowered to grant to the Keepers their Lodges and Lands.

A 1° GEO. III.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to give unto the said Commissioners any Power or Authority to survey, mark, value or allot any Trees Handing upon any inclosed or incroached Lands, within the said Forest or Chase.

XXXIV. Provided also, That in settling and ascertaining the Value of the said Oak Trees, by this Act directed to be surveyed and valued, and in allotting unto and amongst The King's Majesty, and the said Freeholders, Copyholders, Recftors and Vicars, their respective Shares thereof, all and every Oak Tree which shall contain Twenty six Inches in Circumference (Bark included), at the Distance of Four Feet from the Surface of the Ground, or from the Root of such Tree, shall be deemed and considered as a Tree exceeding Six Inches Girth or Square; and every Oak Tree which shall not contain Twenty six Inches in Circumference (Bark included), at the Distance of Four Feet from the Surface of the Ground, or from the Root of such Tree, shall be deemed and considered as a Tree under the Girth or Square of Six Inches, according to the Intent and meaning of this Act.

XXXV. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, at any time before executing their final Award, to make any Alterations in the Allotments and Fences which they may have set out and ordered, or in any private Roads laid, or to be laid over, or to such Allotments that they shall think right and expedient; and in case any Person or Persons be injured by such Alterations, on account of any Expences he or they may have been at, the said Commissioners shall ascertain and determine what Recompence shall be made to him, her or them, and shall direct by whom and in what manner such Recompence shall be made.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for The King's Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, by and with the Advice of the Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy, for the time being, at any time or times, from and after the passing of this Act, by any Deed or Writing, under the Seal of the said Duchy, for such Consideration in Moneyas may be thought adequate to His Majesty's Interest in the said Lodges and Lands, (subject to any subsisting Grant or Lease of the same,) or for such other Consideration as His Majesty, or His Heirs and Successors, shall think fit to grant, convey and release, in the Name of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, unto the said Four Keepers, and their Heirs and Assigns respectively, in Fee Simple, his and their several and respective Lodge and Lodges in the said Forest or Chase, with the Inclosures therewith held and enjoyed, and all Trees thereon Handing and growing, freed and discharged from all Rents whatsoever to the Crown, but subject nevertheless to the Payment of the aforesaid Rents’ Charge which shall be set thereon by the said Commissioners, in lieu and discharge of the Tythes thereof; which said Deeds or Writings, so sealed as aforesaid, and duly inrolled with the Auditor for the North Parts of the said Duchy for the time being, shall be effectual and sufficient in Law, to vest in every such Keeper and his Heirs respectively, the Fee Simple and Inheritance of the Lodges and Lands, therein to be comprized and described, notwithstanding an Act of the First Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen intituled An Act for the better Support of Her Majesty's Household,

A.D. 1801.

C.lvi.

201

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

and the Honour and Dignity of the or any other Act or

Acts, or other Impediment or Disability whatsoever; and that the Receipt of the said Receiver General, or his Deputy, for such Consideration in Money (if any), shall be a full and Sufficient Release and Discharge to every Such Keeper for the fame, and that none of such Keepers Shall be bound to fee to the Application thereof.

XXXVII. And Whereas The King’s Majesty, or Some Person in Trust for Him, is seised of or entitled unto a certain Cottage or Tenement, and Garden, with the Buildings and Appurtenances called The New Lodge, Situate at or near Wood End, in

the said Forest or Chase, and of a Close of Land thereunto belonging, containing about Two Acres, now occupied by the Deputy Axbearer of the said Forest or Chase, and of a certain other Cottage and Garden, with a Close of Land thereunto belonging, 4 containing about One Acre, fttuate near the said new Lodge, and now enjoyed by the said Deputy Axbearer; and which said Several Cottages, with the Lands and Appurtenances thereunto respectively belonging, are or) were ancient Incroachments on the said Forest or Chase, and the said Lands were many Years ago inclosed or taken from the said Forest or Chase, and have been held and enjoyed by the former respective Occupiers or Possessors thereof, subject only to Amerciaments from time to time set or imposed by the Juries of the Woodmote Court for the said Forest or Chase, and since the Purchase thereof, by or for the Use of His Majesty, have been held and enjoyed by the Deputy Axbearer of the said Forest or Chase, in respect of the Office of Axbearer Be it therefore further enacted, That the said New Lodge, with the Out Buildings, Gardens, Lands and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, and also the said other Cottage, situate near the said New Lodge, with the Out Buildings, Gardens, Lands and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, now respectively enjoyed by the said Deputy Axbearer, with all Trees growing or Standing thereon, shall be, and the same are hereby veiled in and shall be from henceforth held and enjoyed by The King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for ever, freed and discharged from all Tythes whatsoever: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for the Principal Axbearer of the said Forest or Chase, or the Surveyor of His Majesty's Woods, within the Honour of Tutbury for the time being, or the Deputy of such Principal Axbearer or Surveyor of Woods, in right and with the Consent of such Principal, from time to time, to have, hold and enjoy the said New Lodge, with the Out Buildings, Gardens, Lands and Appurtenances thereto belonging; and also the said other Cottage herein-before mentioned, with the Out Buildings, Gardens, Lands and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, and every Part of the said Premises, in right or in respect of the said Office of Axbearer of the said Forest or Surveyor of Woods, within the said Honour of Tutbury,without paying any Rent or Consideration whatsoever for the same.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all such Lands as have been heretofore incroached upon the said Forest or Chase, and are now in the Hands or Possession of His Majesty, or of any Person for His Majesty's Use or Benefit, with all Trees Handing and growing thereon, shall be, and the same are hereby absolutely veiled in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for ever, as Parcel of the

For vesting the new Lodge in His Majesty.

For vesting in His Majesty all Incroachments now in His Posselfion*

202

a hi.

A.D. 1801.

Incroachments vested in the reputed Owners in Fee.

For settling Difputes as to Ownership of Incroachments.

For veiling Incroachments

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

Possessions of His Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster, freed and discharged from all Tythes, and from all Claims and Demands of the Freeholders and Copyholders, and all other Persons having Right of Common of Pasture or other Rights in or upon the said Forest or Chase.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and singular other the Lands heretofore incroached upon the said Forest or Chase, and all Cottages and other Buildings erected thereon, and for which any Amerciament was set or paid to the Collector of the Wards of the said Forest before the Woodmote Court, held for the said Forest or Chase on the Twenty first Day of September One thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, with all Trees Handing and growing thereon, (except a Brick Kiln and Parcel of Land at or near Hadley End in Toxall Ward, in the said Forest or Chase, now or late in the Holding or Possession of, and another Brick Kiln

and Parcel of Land at or near Hanbury, in Marchington

Ward in the said Forest or Chase, now or late in the Holding or Possession of Abraham Ho<zuis, and except also all other Brick Kilns, with the Lands and Appurtenances therewith used or occupied, being on any Part of the said Forest or Chase,) shall be, and the same are hereby accordingly vested in and shall be from henceforth held and enjoyed by the several and respective Persons who now hold and enjoy the same to themselves and their Heirs in Fee Simple, freed and discharged from all Tythes, Quit Rents and other Rents and Amerciaments, subject nevertheless to such Limitations, Uses, Trulls, Leases and Mortgages as have been heretofore made or declared thereof, and to which the fame would have been subject as against the present Owners thereof, in case this Act had not been made; and in case any Question or Dispute shall happen to arise touching or concerning the Right or Title of any Two or more Persons claiming the fame Incroachment, or to whom any Incroachment ought, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, to be deemed to belong, that then and in every such case, it shall be lawful to and for any of the said Claimants to prefer their Petition to the said Commissioners, Hating their Claim and Right thereto, and that it shall thereupon be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to call all Parties before them, and to swear and examine any Witnesses which shall be produced unto them, and to hear and settle every such Question and Dispute, and in and by their First General Award herein after directed to be made by them, to declare the Ownership of every such disputed Incroachment accordingly: Provided always, that no such Petition shall be received by the said Commissioners, nor shall they have any Power to determine any such Question after the Execution of their said First Award, herein after directed to be made by them.

XL. And Whereas some Persons have been permitted to inclose

certain small Parts of the said Forest or Chase in Consideration of 1 their throwing open and appropriating to the said Forest or Chase

so much old inclosed Lands as was a fair Equivalent for the Parts of the said Forest or Chase so permitted to be inclosed, and in

general the old inclosed Land so thrown open has been Incroach-

ment, but some Part or Parts thereof has or have been Free-

hold Land Be it therefore further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall inquire and determine what Inclosures or In-

croach-

A.D. 1801.

C. lvi.

203

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

croachments have been made upon the said Forest or Chase, under the Circumstances above mentioned, and which of them were made in lieu of old Incroachments, and which of Freehold Land; and that all and every such Inclosures or Incroachments shall be veiled in and shall be from henceforth for ever hereafter held and enjoyed by the respective Owners or Possessors thereof, and their Heirs in Fee Simple, freed and discharged from all Tythes, Quit Rents and other Rents and Amerciaments, subject nevertheless to such Limitations, Uses, Trulls, Leases and Mortgages, as have been heretofore made or declared thereof, and to which the fame would have been subject as against the present Owners thereof, in case this Act had not been made; and that all the Lands which have been thrown open and appropriated to the said Forest or Chase as an Equivalent for such Inclosures or Incroachments as aforesaid, shall be deemed and considered, and are hereby declared to be, to all Intents and purposes, Parts of the said Forest or Chase, and shall be divided, allotted and inclosed accordingly.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all and singular the said Incroachments, with all Cottages and Buildings thereon, shall be deemed and taken to be within and belonging to such of the said respective Townships herein-before particularly named, in the said County of Stafford', as the said Commissioners shall, in and by their said First Award, order and direct, and shall be charged and alfelfed to all parliamentary and parochial Taxes, Rates and Assessments accordingly.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all and singular the several Cottages and Lands within the said Forest or Chase which were, before the said Twenty first Day of September One thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, held and occupied by any Person or Persons in Fee Simple, Fee Tail or by Copy of Court Roll, and for which no Amerciament was before that time imposed, set or inflicted, by the Jury of the said Woodmote Court, shall continue to be held and enjoyed by the Person or Persons entitled thereto by the fame Tenures, and such as are of of the same Manors, as the fame respectively now are or have been heretofore held; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That all and singular the Residue and Remainder of the said Forest or Chase not herein-before directed to be allotted, nor hereby veiled in or declared to belong to any Person or Persons, and all and singular the Rest and Residue of the said Oak Trees, Handing and growing on the open and uninclosed Parts of the said Forest or Chase not herein-before directed to be allotted and set out to the said Rectors, Vicars, Freeholders and Copyholders, shall be set out and allotted by the said Commissioners unto The King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and that His Majesty's said Portion or Share of the said Forest or Chase shall, from and after, and so soon as the fame or any Part thereof shall be fenced in and fevered from the Lands adjoining thereto, become and remain the exclusive and absolute Property of The King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, as Parcel of the Possessions of the Duchy of Lancaster, freed, exonerated and for ever discharged of and from all Tythes whatsoever, and also of and from all Rights of Common of Pasture and Turbary, Common of Eftovers and other Rights of what Kind or Nature soever, of all and singular the Freeholders, Copyholders, Lessees, Tenants and Inhabitants of the said several

made in lieu of Land thrown open to the Forest in the present Owners in Fee.

How Incroachments are to be assessed.

Confirmation of of and other Lands enclosed.

Allotment to The King.

204

The King’s Allotment to compose the Greaves and the Forest Banks.

For giving the Inhabitants of Draycott and Stubby Lane Access to a Spring of soft Water.

Commissioners may assign Land in lieu of Quit Rents, &c.

Instructions for the Commissioners as to the Mode of allotting on the grand Division.

C4vi. 41° GEO. III. (U.K.) A.D. 1801.

Townships of Anjlow, Barton under

Draycott, Dunjlall, Fawlde, Hampjlall Ridware, Hanbury,

Wood End, Hoarer ofs, Houndhill, -

lands, Moreton, Newborough with Thorney Relief on,

Tutbury, Stubby Lane, Toxall and Scropton, and every of them, their Heirs, Successors and Assigns, subject nevertheless to such annual Rents’ Charge in lieu of Eftovers, as herein after is provided; and which said Allotment of the said Forest or Chase to be made to The King’s Majesty as aforesaid, shall include Five Hundred Acres, or upwards, from Hanbury Gate to Butter Milk Hill in Marchington Ward in the said Forest or Chase, with all the Trees, Coverts, Underwood, Brakes and Bushes thereon, in order to comprize certain Places called The Greaves and The Banks, which are to be allotted unto The King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Successors.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful at all times hereafter for the Inhabitants of the several Town-ships of Draycott and Stubby Lane aforesaid, to have access to the Spout of a certain Spring of soft Water in the Greaves aforesaid, at a Place there where the Current or Stream from the said Spring is joined by a Current or Stream flowing from a Spring of hard Water, in order to take soft Water from the said first mentioned Current or Stream, by means of a Way of sufficient Width for a Water Cart, with a Space for turning at the End, to be set out by the said Commissioners, and enclosed at the Expence of The King’s Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, from the Turnpike Road across the said Forest, to the Spout of the said Spring of soft Water, at the Place aforesaid.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, with the Consent of the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, and of the Parties interested respectively, to assign and set out unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to such other Person or Persons respectively, as are entitled to any Fee Farm, Chief Rents, Quit Rents or other dry or unimproveable Rents, arising out of any Lands or Tenements within the said Forest or Chase, or any of the said several Townships before mentioned, such Portion or Portions of Land as shall in the Judgment of the said Commissioners be equivalent to the Fee Simple and Inheritance of the said several Rents, in lieu of and full Satisfaction for the fame, and that due Allowance and Deduction for such Equivalent shall be made by the said Commissioners out of the Allotments to be made to the several Persons who shall be exonerated from the said Rents; and that such Rents, to be compensated for as aforesaid, and the Lands to be allotted in lieu thereof, shall be specified in the said Commissioners’ Awards, or One of them.

XLVI. And, to the End and Intent, as well The King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, as the said Rectors and Vicars, Freeholders and Copyholders, may be reciprocally and proportionably benefited by their respective Allotments of the said open Forest or Chase, Be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, as far as Circumstances and the Nature of the case will admit, so apportion and divide the said open Forest or Chase, to and amongst all Parties entitled to any Allotment thereof under the Authority of this Act, as that every Allotment thereof may contain its due Quantity of good and bad Land, and of Lawn or Plain and Wood

205

A.D. 1801. 41° GEO. III. (U.K.) C. lvi.

Ground, rateably and proportionably according to its respective Quantity and Value.

XLVII. And for making unto the said Rector and Vicar of the said Parish of Hanbury, and their Successors respectively for the time being, and to the said John Arden, Thomas Whittaker and Elizabeth Meynell, and their several and respective Heirs and Assigns, or such Persons as may be entitled thereto, a reasonable Compensation for their Right of Eftovers in the said Forest or Chase, in virtue of the said Chancel of the Church of

and of their said several Houses, Halls, Mills and Appurtenances herein-before particularly mentioned,* Be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, as well by View and Survey of the Premises in respect of which the said several Persons are entitled to such Eftovers, as by the Examination of Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath any One of the said Commissioners is hereby empowered to administer,) or such other ways and means as to them shall seem necessary or expedient, find out and ascertain, and by their said First Award adjudge and declare what Satisfaction, by way of annual Rent Charge, ought in Justice to be paid and allowed by The King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to the said Rector and Vicar of Hanbury, and their Successors respectively, and to the said John Arden, Thomas Whittaker and Elizabeth Meynell, and their several and respective Heirs and Assigns, or such Persons as may be entitled thereto, for the Loss they will severally sustain by being deprived the Enjoyment of such Eftovers as they have been severally allowed to take and enjoy within and upon the said Forest or Chase, at any time within the Space of Forty Years last past, and that the several annual Payments which shall by virtue of this Act be so adjudged as a Compensation to be paid in lieu of such Eftovers, shall be for ever deemed and considered as Rents’ Charge upon, and to be issuing and payable out of His Majesty's Allotment of the said Forest or Chase (except only such Part or Parts thereof as is or are herein after directed to be sold for the purposes herein after mentioned) unto the Rector and Vicar of Hanbury, and their Successors respectively, and unto the said Arden, Thomas Whittaker and Elizabeth Meynell, their Heirs and Assigns for ever, or such Persons as may be entitled thereto, and to be recovered and recoverable by them respectively, as any other Rents chargeable upon and issuing out of Lands and Tenements, are recoverable by Law; and that the said annual Payments or Rent Charges, which shall be adjudged to the said Rector and Vicar of Hanbury, and their Successors respectively, shall not be considered as a Fund accountable for by the Rector or Vicar thereof for the time being for providing Timber or Eftovers for the Repairs or Use of the Chancel and Houses appertaining to the said Retlory and Vicarage respectively, but shall be deemed and considered as an Augmentation to the Estates and Revenues of the said Rectory and Vicarage respectively unalienable, for the sole Use and Benefit of the Rector and Redors, Vicar and Vicars thereof, for the time being.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any other Person or Persons shall think himself, herself or themselves entitled to any Common of Eftovers within the said Forest or Chase, and shall, on or before the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred

Rights of certain Persons to Common of Eftovers, and for making them a Compensation by way of Rent Charge.

For making a Compensation to other Claimants of Eftovers.

206

a ivi.

A.D. 1801.

Such Claim (o be settled by -Reference to Two Barristers.

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

hundred and two, deliver unto the Clerk of the Council of His Majesty's said Duchy of Lancaster, or to his Deputy, at the public Office of the said Duchy, kept in Place, in the County of

Middlesex, his, her or their Claim or Claims thereto, containing an Account of what particular Kinds of Eftovers such Person or Persons so claims or claim to have, and for what Messuages, Lands or Tenements, and whether by Grants or Prescription, together with an Affidavit, to be sworn by some credible Witness before any Commissioner or other Person authorized to take Affidavits in any of the Four Courts of Westminster, or in the Court of Duchy Chamber, that the Eftovers so claimed have been taken or enjoyed within Forty Years next before the swearing such Affidavit, and such Claimant or Claimants shall thereby submit to refer such Claim or Claims unto any Barrister at Law therein to be named, (and who shall have thereby previously signified his Readiness to act therein, by subscribing his Name thereto,) jointly with such other Barrister at Law as shall be named and appointed by the said Clerk of the Council or his Deputy, for and on the behalf of The King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, that then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Clerk of the Council or his Deputy, and he is hereby accordingly required forthwith to nominate and appoint, by Writing under his Hand, one other Barrister at Law, for settling such Claim or Claims; and the said Two Barristers so named shall and are by virtue of this Act authorized and required to act as Arbitrators in every such Claim, and to proceed to hear and determine the fame, and to call in such Umpire, in case they differ in Opinion, as they shall think fit, and by their Award to declare the Right and Title, and the Extent thereof, or the Want of Right and Title of every such Claimant; and in case of their allowing any such Claim of Eftovers, they are to settle and ascertain what Satisfaction by way of annual Payment or Rent Charge ought in Justice to be paid and allowed by The King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, unto every such Claimant, for the Loss he, ffie or they will severally sustain in respect of such Eftovers, to which such Claimant or Claimants shall be so found to be entitled, and that such Payments shall be from thenceforth deemed and considered as Rents’ Charge upon, and be issuing and payable out of His Majesty's Allotment of the said Forest or Chase, (excepting only on such Parts thereof as shall be sold for the purposes herein after diredfted,) unto the Person or Persons so entitled thereto, and be for ever paid, recovered and recoverable as such; and to the End every Award of the said Arbitrators, allowing any such Claim, may be perpetuated, the same shall be annexed unto and be briefly stated in the First Award of the said Commissioners herein after directed to be made by them: Provided always, that no Person or Persons claiming any such Eftovers, and who shall not deliver his or her Claims thereto according to the Mode and within the time herein-before for that purpose limited and appointed, shall afterwards have any Right or Title to any Kind of Eftovers within or upon the said Forest or Chase, but shall stand absolutely precluded and debarred therefrom; provided also, that no Person shall, under any such Claim, be deemed to have a Right or Title to any other Kind of Eftovers than such as he or they shall ffiew in Evidence before the said Arbitrators, (who for that purpose are hereby empowered to call before them, and examine upon Oath, all

A.D. 1801. 41° GEO. III. (U.K.) C. lvi.

such Persons as they shall think fit,) and to their Satisfaction, some Act of Allowance, Usage or legal Enjoyment of such Eftovers, within the Space of Forty Years, to be computed from the First Day of this present Session of Parliament; and in case the said Arbitrators shall, on their examining into any Claim of Eftovers so made and referred to them, adjudge and declare the same to be frivolous, the Person or Persons making such frivolous Claim shall be liable, to pay to The King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, all the Costs and Charges of such Reference; and in order to the Recovery thereof, the Award of the said Referees shall and may, on the Application of the Attorney General of the said Duchy, be made a Rule of any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, or of the Court of Duchy Chamber.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Rents’ Rents’Charge Charge which shall be so awarded and settled as a Compensation for lor Eftovers. to Common of Eftovers, under and by virtue of this Act, shall be, J^e ronfidered as remain and enure to and for such Uses, Trusts and Limitations, and F^TtTco wliiclf be held, received, recovered and enjoyed by the several and respective the Eftovers Persons entitled thereto, for such absolute or limited Estate or belong.

Estates, as the several Messuages, Lands and Tenements, in respect whereof such Common of Eftovers were due, appurtenant or belonging, and as now are or shall hereafter be settled, limited, charged or declared of, upon or concerning the same, and as Part of and belonging, and appurtenant to the Mesne Profits thereof respectively, and to and for no other Use, Trust, Intent or purpose whatsoever.

L. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said An Award on Commissioners shall have flaked and set out the said Forest or Chase the Grand Divi-into the several Allotments herein-before directed, and shall have fion* settled, determined and executed the several other Trusts and Powers herein-before veiled in or directed to be done by them, they the said Commissioners shall draw up and execute an Award in Writing (to be called the First Award), whereof there shall be Three Original Parts, with a Map or Plan of the said Forest or Chase, and the several Divisions thereof annexed to each of such Parts, and which said Map or Plan shall be deemed and taken as Part of such Award, and that in and by the said Award shall be set forth the Quantity and Number of Acres, Roods and Perches, of the said Forest or Chase, and an Account of all public and private Roads,

Ways and Paths, common Drains and Sewers, and common Watering Places for Cattle, through and over such Parts of the said Forest or Chase as shall become the Property of, or be allotted by virtue of this Act unto The King’s Majesty, and unto the said several Rectors and Vicars, in lieu and discharge of Tythes, and also true and exact Descriptions and Contents of the Plots or Parcels of Ground assigned for supplying the said Roads and Ways with Stone, Gravel and other Materials for the Repairs thereof, and of all and every the Allotments of the said Forest or Chase herein-before directed to be made and set out, and the Subdivisions of the Tythe Allotments between the respective Rectors and Vicars of and Hanbury,

and the Situations, Abuttals and Boundaries thereof respectively, with Orders and Directions within what particular Townships the several Allotments and other Compensations to be made in lieu and discharge of Tythes, and the several Incroachments of the said Forest or Chase, with the Cottages and Buildings thereon ereCled, shall be respectively deemed to belong, and to be rated and assessed to all

208

C. lvi,

A.D. 1801. 41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

Parliamentary and Parochial Rates, Taxes and Assessments, and also what Part of the Fences of the several Allotments for Tythes shall be kept in Repair by each and every of the Owners or Occupiers of such Allotments respectively, together with their Order or Adjudication how much and what particular Parts of the public and private Roads, Highways, Footpaths, Drains and Common Sewers, within the said Forest or Chase, are or ought, according to the true Intent and meaning of this Act, to be made at the Expence of The King’s Majesty, and to be afterwards repaired by His Majesty's Lessees, Grantees or Tenants, and other the Inhabitants of or within the same, according to the true Intent and meaning of this Act, and also all such other Orders, Regulations and Determinations, as they shall think fitting or necessary to make or give, touching or concerning the Repair of the Fences of the said Tythe Allotments, and the Use of such Spots of Ground as shall be set out as aforesaid for supplying Materials for Repair of Roads and Highways, so that none of such Orders, Regulations or Determinations, be repugnant to any particular Provisions in this Act contained, concerning the same, and that there shall be also contained in the said Award an Account of the several Rents’ Charge which the said Commissioners shall have settled and determined to be paid to the said Owners of Tythes of the said several Lodges, Mills, Farms and Inclosures, herein-before particularly directed, in lieu and discharge of such Tythes, and by whom, and to whom in particular, each and every such Rents’ Charge shall be so paid, and also an Account of the several annual Payments which shall, under the Authorities and Directions herein-before in this Act contained, have been adjudged or determined to be made and paid by The King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, unto the Persons entitled to Eftovers in the said Forest or Chase, as a Compensation for such Eftovers; and that the said Commissioners shall also annex to their said First Award a Terrier, with proper References to the said Map or Plan, containing an Account and Admeasurement of all Inclosures and Incroachments whatsoever within the said Forest err Chafe, and of the Cottages and Buildings thereon, with the Christian and Sirnames, as well of the several Persons to whom the said Commissioners shall have determined the said Incroachments respectively, according to the true Intent and meaning of this Act, to belong, as of the several Occupiers thereof, and distinguishing what Parts thereof are of Freehold Tenure, and what Parts thereof are of of Tenure, and of what Manor or Manors the same are holden, and what Part thereof are Incroachments, and also distinguishing such of the said Incroachments as were made and presented or amerced at the Woodmote Court holden on or before the Twenty first Day of September One thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, from such as have been made since that time; and that there shall also be annexed unto every Original Part of the said Award such Account and Valuation of the Oak Trees on the said Forest or Chase as are herein-before directed to be made and taken thereof; and that the said Commissioners shall, within One Month after the Execution of the said Award, file or deposit the said Three Original Parts thereof in manner following; (that is to say,) One Part thereof in the Office of the Clerk of the Council of the Duchy of Lancaster, to be there inrolled and recorded, One other Part thereof in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Stafford, and the other of the said Three Parts thereof to the Regift rar

A.D. 1801.

C.

209

41° GEO. III.

giftrar or Deputy Registrar of the Bishop of Lichfield and Coventry for the time being, to be filed and kept for the safe Custody thereof in the Registry at Lichfield; and as soon as the said several Original Parts of the said Award shall have been so filed or deposited, the said Commissioners shall cause an Advertisement to be inserted in the London Ga%ette, and also in any Country Newspaper circulated in

the County of Stafford, containing Public Notice to all Persons interallied of their having so done; and that all Persons shall be at liberty to inspect and take Copies of any of the said Three Original Parts of such Award, and the several Annexations thereto, or any Part thereof, upon Payment to the proper Officer of TvVo Shillings and Sixpence for every Inspection, and for a Copy thereof, or of any Part thereof, on Payment after the Rate of Four pence for every Seventy two Words; and any of the said Original Parts of the said Award, or a Copy thereof, or of any Part thereof, under the Hand of the said Clerk of the Council or Clerk of the Peace, or Registrar, or their respective Deputies for the time being, shall be admitted and received as Evidence thereof; provided always, that the Draught of the said Award shall, previously to the Execution thereof, be read at a Special General Meeting to be called for that purpose of which Ten Days’ Notice at least shall be given by Advertisement in the London Gazette, and also in the Birmingham, and by affixing

Notice on the principal Door of the several Parish Churches of hury, Hanbury, Tatenhill, Toxall, Hampjlall Ridavare, Rolleston and

Scropton aforesaid.

LI. Provided also, That the said Award shall be read and signed by the Commissioners, in the Presence of the Proprietors at a Special General Meeting called for that purpose of which Ten Days’ Notice at least shall be given in the Birmingham, and that such

Award shall be proclaimed the next, in the several Parish

Churches of Hanbury, Tutbury, TatenhiToxall, Hampjlall

Rolleston and Scropton, from the time of which Proclamation such Award shall be considered as complete.

LII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Attorney General of His Majesty's said Duchy, or any of the said Rectors or Vicars, or any of the said Freeholders or Copyholders of any of the said Townships, not being less than Six in Number, and whose Assessment to the Land Tax for their Lands and Tenements in the said Townships for the Year next preceding, shall amount together to One hundred Pounds or upwards, or any of the Persons made liable to the Payment of any Rent Charge in lieu of Tythes, shall be aggrieved by, or dissatisfied with any matter or thing to be done or directed by the said Commissioners, or in case any Person claiming any Incroachment on the said Forest or Chase shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Commissioners concerning the Ownership of such Incroachment, that then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons so being dissatisfied, at any time within Forty Days next after the Insertion of the said Advertisement in the London Gazette, to prefer their Petition to the Court of Exchequer, or the Chief Baron and other Barons thereof, or to the Court of Duchy Chamber, or to the Chancellor thereof, stating the Particulars whereby they are so aggrieved or wherein dissatisfied, and the causes thereof respectively, and verifying the Fa&s and Allegations to be contained in any such Petition, by Affidavit to be annexed thereunto, and thereupon it shall 41 Geo. III. ( U.K.) P and

Award to Be read and signed in the Pretence of Proprietors, and proclaimed in the adjoining Parish Churches.

How Persons dissatisfied with the First Award ate to proceed.

210

C. hi.

A.D. 1801.

For declaring what Part of the Charges shall be paid by the Crowtr.

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

and may be lawful to and for the said Court to which any such Petition shall be so presented, to hear and determine every such Petition in a summary Way, or if need be, to cause the said Commissioners, Surveyors and other Witnesses, to be examined on Oath by the proper Officers of the said Courts on Interrogatories, or voce, and to issue all such Commissions for inquiring into the Truth of the Premises, by the Examination of Witnesses, and to refer all or any of the matters to be contained in any such Petition, unto the Remembrancer or other Officers of the said respective Courts, for their Reports therein, according to the Course of such Courts upon Petitions in causes depending, as either of such Courts shall think fit, and thereupon to make such Order in the Premises, with or without Cods, to be paid by the Petitioners, or other Party or Parties thereto, or interested therein, as the said Courts shall in their Discretion respectively think just and right; and that the Orders and Determinations of the said Courts respectively shall be in all things performed and obeyed, as well by the Parties to or Persons affected by every such Petition or Order, as by the said Surveyors and Commissioners, and such Orders shall not be subject to be appealed from to any superior Court whatsoever, but shall be binding and conclusive j and that all and every matter and thing to be contained in the said Award, and in respect of which no Petition shall be preferred as aforesaid within the time herein-before for that purpose limited, shall be final and conclusive.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the Sum of Five hundred Pounds shall, within the Space of One Month next after the passing of this Act, be paid by the Receiver General of the said Duchy of Lancaster, out of the Revenues of the said Duchy, into the Hands of the Commissioners appointed by this Act, as His Majesty's Share or Proportion of the Bills of Fees and Expences of the Solicitors employed by the said Freeholders and Copyholders, in soliciting and obtaining this Act; and that the Residue of such Expences (if any) shall be paid by the said Commissioners out of the Monies to be by them received for the Use of the Freeholders and Copyholders, having right of Common of Pasture on the said Forest or Chase, as hereby provided; and all the Costs and Charges of the said Commissioners and Surveyors, up to the time of their making and executing their said First Award, including the Charges thereof, shall be borne and defrayed by the Receiver General of the said Duchy of Lancaster, out of the Revenues of the said Duchy, in manner herein after provided and directed; and to that end, the said Commissioners and Surveyors are hereby directed and required, within One Calendar Month after the Execution of the said First Award by the said Commissioners, to deliver unto the said Receiver General their several Bills of Costs and Charges up to that time; and that the said Commissioners shall be at liberty to charge for their time, Labour and Expences, after the Rate of Two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Sixpence per Day, and no more, for every Day they shall have been necessarily and respectively absent or employed in the Execution of so much of this Act as is herein-before directed to be executed and performed by them; and that the Surveyors’ Charge for making their Survey and Plan of the said Forest or Chase, in the manner herein-before directed, shall not exceed the Rate or Price of One Shilling per Acre, exclusive of necessary Attendances upon the said

A.D. 1801.

a ivi.

211

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

Commissioners, and Labourers* Wages, to be settled and ascertained by the said Commissioners; and in case the said Receiver General shall be dissatisfied with any Charge to be contained in such Bills, and the said Commissioners or Surveyors shall not, on being called upon for that purpose, satisfy the said Receiver General, as to the Rectitude or Reasonableness thereof, that then and in such case it shall be lawful for the said Receiver General to prefer his Petition to either of the said Courts of Exchequer or Duchy Chamber, and to take such Measures for Redress therein, and for such Courts, or either of them, to receive and hear the matter of every such Petition, and to make such Order and Determination therein, as is or are herein-before provided, in case of Objections taken, or Petitions preferred in respect of any matter contained in the said Commissioners* First Award; and that in like manner such Order and Determination shall not be subject to be appealed from to any superior Court, but shall be final and conclusive.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Money ad-shall advance any Sum or Sums of Money for defraying the Ex- vanced to be pences of obtaining and passing this Act, or of carrying the fame into Execution, every such Person shall be repaid the fame with Interest, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per out of the first Monies which shall be received or raised by the said Commissioners, or any of them, by virtue of this Act, for defraying such Expences.

LV. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the Directions for said First Award shall be perfected as aforesaid, and all Petitions (if fencing the Af-any) concerning the same shall be determined in the manner herein- |^t,nents to the before directed, and the time given for preferring such Petition XytheOwneis elapsed, the Receiver General, or other proper Officer being thereunto duly authorized by His Majesty's Commission, or Letters Mandate under the Seal of the said Duchy, shall forthwith, out of His Majesty's Revenues, pay and discharge what shall be so found due to the said Commissioners and Surveyors, and shall also, at His Majesty's Expence, forthwith cause, as well the Allotments of The King*s Majesty within the said Fore ft or Chafe, as also each and every of the Allotments of the said several and respective Re&ors and Vicars, in discharge of Tithes, to be fenced with Outer or Ring Fences, and that such new Fences as shall be made for inclosing the said Tithe Allotment shall consist of a proper Ditch and Bank, planted with a Row of Quicksets in an huft>and-like manner, which Quicksets shall be guarded on both Sides thereof with a Fence of Oak Post and Rail; (that is to say,) on One Side thereof with a Fence of Oak Polls and Double Rails, and on the other Side thereof with a Fence of Oak Polls and Single Rail, according to the Custom of the Country, and that in making the aforesaid Fences, all the Quicksets shall be planted on the said respective Allotments, at the Distance of Four Feet from the Lines staked or marked out as the Outlines or Boundaries of the said Allotments respectively; and that for the better Protection of such Quicksets, it shall be lawful for the respective Owners thereof for the Space of Seven Years, to be computed from the Date of the Commissioners* First Award, to erect and let up an additional Fence of Polls and Rails on the Outsides of such Ditches, upon the Land and Ground of any other Persons next adjoining thereto, and from time to time to repair the fame, so that

212

For Repair of Fences.

Commissioners may direct when the Right of Common to cease.

For settling the Assessments of The King’s Allotments.

C. lvi. 41° GEO. III. (U.K.) A.D. 1801.

every such additional Fence shall be set and placed within Two Feet of the Verge or Edge of every such Ditch.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That all the new Fences to be made for inclosing His Majesty's Allotments shall be for ever maintained and repaired at the Expence of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or by His or their Lessees, Grantees or Tenants, and that all the new Fences of the said Tithe Allotments (excepting such, if any, as shall abut upon or adjoin to His Majesty's Allotments, or any Part thereof) shall be maintained and for ever repaired by the respective Owners and Occupiers of the said Tithe Allotments, in such manner and form as shall be directed by the said Commissioners’ First Award herein-before directed to be made by them.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after such time or times as the said Commissioners shall direct, by Writing under their Hands, to be affixed on the principal Door of the several Parish Churches of Hanbury, Tutbury, Tatenhill, Hampjiall -

ware, Rolleston and Scropton, and to be published in the London. Gazette, and some Newspaper or Newspapers usually circulated in the Neighbourhood of the said Forest or Chase, all Right of Common of Pasture, Turbary and Eftovers, and other Rights of the said Freeholders, Copyholders and all other Persons, (The King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the said Tithe Owners, their Heirs, Successors and Assigns respectively excepted,) within and upon the said respective Allotments so to be inclosed and allotted to The King’s Majesty, and the said Tithe Owners respectively as aforesaid, shall from henceforth cease, determine and be for ever extinguished.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of His Majesty's Allotment of the said Forest or Chase (if any) as shall happen to lie in Tutbury Ward, shall be annexed unto, and be deemed and considered as within and Part of the Township of and shall be assessed to all Parliamentary and Parochial Taxes, Rates and Assessments within and for the said Township of Tutbury (Statute Duty and Compositions and Assessments to the Highways only excepted); and that so much of His Majesty's Allotment as shall happen to lie in Marchington Ward, shall be annexed unto and be deemed and considered as within and Part of the Township of Han» bury, and shall be assessed to all Parliamentary and Parochial Taxes, Rates and Assessments, within and for the said Township of Hanbury ( Statute Duty and Compositions and Assessments to Highways only excepted); and that so much of His Majesty's Allotment as shall happen to lie in Toxall Ward shall be annexed unto and be deemed and considered as within and Part of the Township of Toxall, and shall be assessed to all Parliamentary and Parochial Taxes, Rates and Assessments, within and for the said Township of Toxall (Statute Duty and Compositions and Assessments to the Highways only excepted); and that so much of His Majesty's Allotment as shall happen to lie in Barton Ward shall be annexed unto and be deemed and considered as within and Part of the Township of Tatenhill, and shall be assessed to all Parliamentary and Parochial Taxes, Rates and Assessments, within and for the said Township of Tatenhill (Statute Duty and Compositions and Assessments to the Highways only excepted); and that the said Commissioners in setting out the said Allotments of His Majesty, shall so lay the same as that the said

A.D. 1801. 41° GEO. III. (U.K.) lvi. 213

Allotments may consist, as far as Circumstances and Justice to all Parties will admit of, a due and just Proportion of each and every of the Four Wards of the said Forest.

LIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in regard the WhenAflefT-

present open Grounds within the said Forest will be attended with a ent / t^,e

great Expence to the First Owners, Occupiers or Tenants thereof,

ir j i r liiiill commence*

before any Advantage or Benefit can be had or received therefrom,

all the present open and uninclosed Parts of the said Forest shall be

exempt from all Parochial Taxes, Rates and Assessments, for the

Space and until the End of Two Years, to be computed from the

Date of the said Commissioners’ First Award.

LX. And be it further enacted, That the said Allotment herein- Allotments to he before assigned for the Benefit of the Freeholders and Copyholders, accepted m lieu and the Compensation hereby provided to be made to the Persons Sf. entitled to Common of Eftovers within the said Forest or Chase, shall be taken and accepted in full Compensation, Satisfaction and Discharge of all their Rights, Claims and Privileges whatsoever, in, over and upon, all the Residue of the said Forest or Chase; and that the said Allotment to the said Freeholders and Copyholders shall, from and after the passing of this Act, become and remain freed, exonerated and for ever after absolutely discharged of and from all Rights of Forest and Chafe, and Right of Soil of The King’s Majesty,. His Heirs and Successors, save and except such temporary Rights of Chafe as are herein after reserved,

LXI. And, for the greater Ease and Benefit of the several Townships entitled to Right of Common on the said Forest or Chase, in respect to the making and repairing such public Roads,

Highways, Paths, Drains and Common Sewers, as shall be found necessary and expedient to be made through and over the samej

be it further enacted, That the Share and Allotment of the said The Crown to

Forest or Chase by this Act directed to be made and set out to The make a Propor-

King’s Majesty, shall, by virtue and Authority hereof, in respect to tron^of the pub-

the making and repairing public Roads, Highways, Footpaths, Ilc lv0ads-

Drains and Common Sewers, be erected and made a separate and The Kind’s

distinct District of itself, and called The Di/lrifl, and shall Allotment

remain for ever by that Name a separate and distinct District, and be ere,-'te(1 mto a

charged and chargeable with the Amendment, Maintenance and Repair of all such of the public Roads, Highways, Footpaths and e!auo 03

Common Sewers, within the said Forest or Chase, as shall be ascertained and ordered by the said Commissioners, in and by their said First Award, to be made at His Majesty's Expence, so that the Quantity of Roads, Highways and Footpaths to be so repaired by the said new District, shall not exceed in Length its due and just

Proportion of the Whole of the said public Roads and Highways, to

be taken and ascertained according to the same Proportion which the Land in the said new District shall bear in Value to the Whole of the said Forest or Chase, and so that The King’s Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or the Inhabitants of the said new District, shall be charged only rateably and proportionably with the Expence of making or repairing of any Drains or Common Sewers in the said Forest or Chase, as other Lands and Tenements to be relieved thereby shall be charged; nor shall the said District be charged with the Expence of making or repairing any Drain or Common Sewer, save

214

Roads to be made at the King's Expence.

The Chancellor of the Duchy to appoint the First Surveyors of the Highways.

C. lvi. 41° GEO. III. (U.K.) A.D. 1801.

and except only such aa shall contribute to the Ease and Benefit of the Lands in the said District.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That all such Parts of the several public Roads and Highways, Paths, Drains and Common Sewers, which shall be ordered by the said Commissioners, in and by their said First Award to be kept in Repair by the Inhabitants of the said new District, shall be made at the proper Costs and Charges of The King’s Majesty, out of the Fund herein after provided and directed, by such Persons as shall be thereunto authorized by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, by Commission or Warrant under the Seal of the said Duchy.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Chancellor of His Majesty's Duchy of for the time being, at such time as he shall think fit, to appoint, by Writing under his Hand, such Two Persons, being Tenants or Occupiers of Lands, within the said new District, as the said Chancellor shall think fit, to be the Surveyors of the Highways within and for the said District, and such Surveyors shall continue in Office until the then next Special Sessions of the Justices of the Peace, to be held for the Highways within the Limits of the Hundred of

in the said County of Stafford, in the Week next after the Michaelmas General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, at which Special Sessions new Surveyors of Highways shall be appointed for the said District, and so continue from Year to Year to be appointed in the manner directed and prescribed by an Act of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend and

reduce into One Act of Parliament, the Statutes now in being for the Amendment and Preservation of the public, within that

Part of Great Britain called England, and for other purposes; and that the Persons to be from time to time appointed at such Special Sessions to be Surveyors of the Highways for the said District, on Refusal to serve the said Office, shall be liable to all the Pains, Penalties and Duties by the said Act, or any other Act or Acts re-spedting Highways, in such cases imposed or inflicted, or accepting the said Office, shall remain and continue therein, and in all respects conform themselves to the said Act or Acts, and be deemed and considered in Law, in respect of the said Office of Surveyor of Highways for the said District, as invested with the fame Powers and Authorities, and entitled to the same Immunities, and to be in the fame Plight and Condition as in other Districts, Parishes or Places; and the Tenants and Inhabitants of the said District shall, from and after the Appointment of such Surveyors by the Chancellor of the said Duchy, be subject and liable to all such Statute Duty or Composition in lieu thereof, and to all other Payments and Assessments to the Highways within the same, as other Persons are by Law subject and liable to, in any other District, Township or Place; and that such Statute Duty shall be performed and enforced, and the said Compositions, Payments and Assessments shall be made, paid, recovered, applied, disposed of and accounted for in the same manner and form, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said District had been erected before the passing the said last mentioned Act; and that no Messuages, Lands or Tenements within the said District, or any Part thereof, nor any Tenant or Inhabitant within the same, shall be assessed or chargeable in respect of the said District, or of

A.D. 1801.

C. lvi.

215

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

any Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments therein, to any Rates or Assessments to any other Highways, or compellable to do any Statute Duty or Labour therein.

LXIV. And to prevent any Doubt or Dispute at what annual Rates or Values the Occupiers of Lands within the said new District shall be afiefled and rated, be it enacted, That the fame For settling the and every Part thereof shall be assessed to the Highways, in a due Quantum at and just Proportion to each other, to be ascertained in the First Instance by the said Commissioners, if required, and as to all other |,e Taxes, Rates and Assessments, the same shall be assessed and rated according to their fair Value, in a due and just Proportion with other Lands lying in the fame respective Townships, within and for which such Rates, Taxes and Assessments shall be so respectively set and paid.

LXV. And, for railing and providing a Fund to defray the Costs and Charges by this Act directed to be borne and paid by His Majesty as aforesaid, be it further enacted, That it shall and Land to be sold may be lawful to and for the Chancellor and Council of His Majesty's to make a Fund Duchy of Lancaster for the time being, from time to time, in Court Expences. of Revenue of the said Duchy, to make such Orders for the Sale and Disposal of any Parts and Parcels of His Majesty's Allotment of the said Forest or Chase, unto such Persons, and at and for such Prices as the said Chancellor and Council shall think fitj and that upon Payment by the respective Purchasers of such Sums of Money as shall be so agreed upon as the Prices for the Purchases of the Premises respectively, into the Hands of the Receiver General of the Revenues of the said Duchy for the time being, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Chancellor of the said Duchy for the time being, by any Deed or Writing under the Seal of the said Duchy, to grant, convey and release, in the Name of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, unto such several and respective Purchasers and their Heirs, in Fee Simple, the several and respective Parcels of Land or Ground by him, her or them respectively purchased, free from all Rents and Payments whatsoever, which laid Deeds or Writings, so sealed as aforesaid, and duly inrolled with the Auditor for the North Parts of the said Duchy for the time being, shall be effectual, and sufficient in Law to vest in every such Person and his Heirs the Fee Simple and Inheritance of the Lands therein to be comprized and described, notwithstanding the said of Parliament of the First Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, Act for the better Support of Her Majesty's Household, and the Honour and Dignity of The Crown,or any other Act or Acts, or other Impediment or Disability whatsoever; and that the Receipt of the said Receiver General for such Purchase Monies shall be a full and sufficient Release and Discharge to every such Purchaser for the fame, and that any such Purchasers shall be in no respect liable or bound to fee to the Application thereof.

LXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein Not more than contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to give unto the o Acres to be said Chancellor and Council, any Power or Authority to make Sale fold* of, or convey, beyond the Quantity in the Whole of Seven hundred and fifty Acres of His Majesty's said Allotment.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies which Application of shall arise by such Sales shall be applied and disposed of by the Receiver

the Purchase Monies*

216

a ivi.

A.D. 1801.

Powers for leasing the King’s Allotments with Privileges as to Timber.

Rights of Forest and Chase referred till 25th December 1802

41° GEO. III.

General of the Revenues of the said Duchy, under the Order and Direction of the Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy for the time being, in the first Place, in defraying the several Costs and Charges herein-before directed to be paid and borne by The King’s Majesty, or by the Receiver General of the said Duchy as aforesaid; and in case there shall be any Surplus, the same shall be accounted for and answered by the said Receiver General' to The King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, as Part of the Revenues of the said Duchy; but in case the same shall be insufficient for the purposes aforesaid, such Deficiency shall be made good out of the other Revenues of His Majesty's said Duchy, in such manner as the Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy shall direct.

LXVIII. And to the End His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, may be enabled to make and grant Leases of His and their Parts and Shares of the said Forest or Chase, for such Terms of Years, and with such Privileges as will make it answer to, and thereby encourage and induce the Lessees and Tenants thereof to erect, and build substantial Houses and Offices, and to make Drains and other Improvements therein, and to protest the young Trees growing on the Premises, until they arrive at a State of Maturity, and to encourage the Increase of useful Timber and other Trees thereon; be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for The King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to make and grant Leases under the Seal of the said Duchy, to any Person or Persons, of His Majesty's said Share and Portion of the said Forest or Chase, or any Parts thereof, and of any Houses or Erections now standing, or hereafter to be built thereon, with Licence for the Lessees to get, and take Sand, Earth and Clay, to make Bricks and Tiles, to be used in and upon the Premises, and with such Share of Benefit and Advantage to arise by the Growth and Sales of Timber and other Trees thereon, as to The King’s Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, shall seem meet and expedient, for any Term or Number of Years in Possession, not exceeding Ninety nine Years; and from time to time to renew such Lease or Leases, with like Privileges and Advantages, so that at the time of any such Renewal the Term in Possession, or remaining unexpired, together with the Term or Terms to be granted in Reversion by such renewed Lease or Leases, shall not exceed in the Whole Ninety nine Years, and so as such Term or Terms, to be granted in Reversion, be made to commence and take Effect on the Expiration of the Term or Terms before granted, and so as all and every such Lease or Leases, whether in Possession or Reversion, be in all other Respects made and granted agreeable and conformable to the Terms and Conditions prescribed and directed by the said Act of Parliament of the First Year of the Reign of Queen Slnne, for the better Support of Her Majesty's Household, and the Honour and Dignity of The Crown.

LXIX. And be it further enacted and declared, That His Majesty's Rights of Forest and Chafe, within and over the said Forest or Chase of Neednvood, shall remain and continue veiled in His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and all and every the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, now in force for the Protection of Deer, and for punishing Persons guilty of any Offence in Breach of such Laws, shall remain and continue in full Force and Effect, for the ProteClioi* of His Majesty's Deer within the said Forest and Chafe* and for

A.D. 1801. 41° GEO. III. (U.K.) C. lvi. 217

From that time th whole Fore& shall be difaf-

the Punishment of Offenders therein, until the Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and two; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: Provided always, that in case any Allotment or Allotments of the said Forest or Chase by this Act authorized or directed to be inclosed, shall be actually inclosed, and the Fences thereof completed before the said Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and two, that then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the actual Owner of every Allotment, from and after the complete Inclosure and Fences thereof, to kill any Deer on such his inclosed Land, and to hunt and kill any Deer thereon, before the said Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and two, and shall not be subjeift to any Pain, Penalty or Punishment for so doing.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and two, the Whole of the said Forest or Chaie of shall be, foreftech

and the fame is hereby disafforested and dischafed to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and that from thenceforth no Person or Persons shall be questioned or liable to any Pain, Penalty or Punishment for hunting, coursing, killing, destroying or taking any Deer whatsoever, within the same, save and except within such Part or

Parts thereof (if any) as shall be inclosed with Pales, and kept for a Park or Parks by the Owners, Lessees or Tenants thereof.

LXXI. And to the End that as well the several Portions of Land by this Act directed to be allotted and set out to the said Vicar of Tutbury, and to the said several Rectors and Vicars of If anbury, Toxall and Tatenhill, in lieu and discharge of Tithes, as also the several Allotments which on the Sub Division amongst the said Freeholders and Copyholders shall be set out and assigned to Tenants for Life, and to Persons holding by Customary or Copy-hold Tenure, may be improved and reduced to a State of Cultivation; be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Powers for and for the said several Rectors and Vicars, or their Successors Re<a°rs an^ respectively, and all Tenants for Life, and all Persons holding by Customary or of Tenure for the Space of Seven Years, to be computed from the Date of the said Commissioners’ First Award, to grub and stock up, fell, cut down, remove, take and carry away all such Oak Trees as shall be assigned to them and growing upon their several and respective Allotments of Land, together also with all Hollies, Bushes, Thorns and Roots, within and upon their said respective Allotments; and in case of any such Oak Trees being assigned to the said Re&ors, Vicars, Tenants for Life, or Customary or of Tenants, or any other Persons Allotment or Allotments, then to cut, take away and dispose thereof, within such time or times as shall be ordered and limited by the said Commissioners for that purpose, and the Produce thereof shall be applied in manner herein after mentioned; and further, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Vicar of, and the said several Rectors and Vicars of If anbury, Toxall and

and their Successors respectively, with the Consent of the Bishop of Ltcbfield and Coventry for the time being, signified by Writing under his Hand, to grant Leases of their respective Allotments of the said Forest or Chase unto such Person or Persons as they shall severally and respectively think fit, for any Term or Number of

Vicars to grub and clear the Land.

Powers for Rectors and Vicars to grant Leases.

SIS

c. h

A.D. 1801.

For taking a Survey of the several Township?.

41° GEO. III. (U.K)

Years not exceeding Forty Years, to be computed from the Date or Dates thereof respectively, so as no such Lease be made difpu-nifhable of Waste, and so as no Sum of Money or other Gift be taken by way of Fine or Foregift for any such Lease or Leases, and so as the bell Rent or Rents that can be gotten for the fame be reserved thereon respectively, and so as such Rent or Rents be made payable quarterly, and the usual Power of Reentry for Non Payment of such Rent or Rents, and such other Clauses and Covenants be contained therein as are usually inserted in Leases of Farms in that Neighbourhood, and so as the Lessee or Lessees to be named in such Lease or Leases do execute and deliver Counterparts of the same, and that upon the Death, Cellion or Resignation of the said spiritual Rectors or Vicars, a just Proportion of the Rents and Profits of such Lands and Grounds as shall be allotted to the said respective Rectors and Vicars by virtue of this Act, shall be paid and received by the respective Rector and Vicar making such Cellion or Resignation, or to the proper personal Representative or Representatives of the respective Re<stor or Vicar, who shall so die, up to the Day of such Cellion, Resignation or Death, as the case may be; any Law, Usage or Prescription, or any thing - to be contained in such Leases to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That so soon as conveniently may be, the said Surveyors shall proceed to make an accurate Survey and Plan, as well of all Messuages, Burgage Houses, Houses called Constable Things, and Cottages and Scites thereof, as of all Lands and Grounds, situate, Handing, lying and being within the said several and respective Townships of Barton under

Needwood, Callingwood, Coton, Draycott, Hamp~

Jiall Ridware, Hanbury, Hanbury Wood End, Hoarcross, Hound

Hill, Marchington, Marchington WMoreton, with Thorney Lanes, Rolleston, Tatenhill, Tutbury, Stubby

Toxall and Scropton, (save and except such Lands and Grounds as

have been already surveyed, and as are herein after directed not to be again surveyed or planned,) and shall inquire and find out, and in and by the Survey, Plan, Field Book or Terrier thereof, set forth a minute and exact Account of all and singular the Premises so surveyed, and the Quantity and Contents of each several Field, Inclosure and Parcel of Land therein, with the Christian and Sirnames of all and every the Owners and Occupiers thereof respectively, thereby distinguishing such of the Premises as are of Freehold Tenure from such as are of of or Customary Tenure, and of what particular Manors or Lordships the said of or Customary Tenements are severally and respectively holden; and in case upon Inquiry made, the said Surveyor shall find or have reason to believe, that any Messuages, Houses or Cottages, within any of the said Townships, have been erected and built on any new Scites, or Front Steads', or upon any Land incroached from any Common or Waste Ground within Forty Years last past, or that any Inclosures in any of the said Townships have been incroached from any such Common or Waste Ground, (whereby the Owners of such new erected or incroached Premises will Hand precluded in respect thereto by the Provisions herein after contained, from any Allotment out of the Freeholders’ Share of the said Forest or Chase,) or ‘shall find that any ancient Messuage, Cottage or other House in any of the said

A.D. 180). 41° GEO. III. (U.K.) lvi.

Townships, entitled to Right of Common of Pasture on the said Forest or Chase, hath, within Forty Years last past, gone to decay, and hath not been rebuilt, then and in every of such cases, the said Surveyors are, in and by the said Survey, Plan, Field Book or Terrier aforesaid, to point out and certify the fame, together with all such matters and things respecting or concerning the Premises, for the Information of the said Commissioners and of the Parties interested, as they shall think fit and expedients

LXXIII. And for saving all unnecessary Expence and Delay in the Execution of this Act, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, having in his or their Custody or Possession any actual Surveys, Maps or Plans of any Lands or Grounds within the said Townships, or any of them, to deliver such Surveys, Maps and Plans, unto the said Commissioners, at such time or times as the said Commissioners shall appoint for that purpose, and that the said Commissioners shall thereupon inquire by the Oath, as well of the Person or Persons delivering such Surveys, Maps or Plans, respectively, as of such other Person or Persons as they shall think fit, (which Oaths they are hereby authorized to administer, upon the Holy Evangelists,) into the Authenticity and Accuracy of every of such Surveys, Maps and Plans; and in all cases where the said Commissioners shall be satisfied that such Surveys, Maps and Plans, are authentic, and have been accurately made, and will answer the purpose of a new Survey, (but not otherwise,) they the said Commissioners shall deliver the fame over to the said Surveyors, with Directions for them to insert and copy the fame into the aforesaid Survey of the said Townships, instead of making a new Admeasurement and Plan of the Lands and Grounds so comprized and described in the Maps and Plans aforesaid j and that the said Commissioners, in dividing and apportioning the Surplus (if any) of the Money by this Act directed to be distributed and paid to the said Freeholders and Copyholders, or in assessing the said Freeholders and Copyholders towards the Costs and Charges of putting this Act in Execution, (in case such Assessment shall be found necessary,) and as the case may be, shall make unto the Owners of the Lands and Grounds so already surveyed and described in the said Maps or Plans, a just and fair Allowance, proportionably to the Costs and Charges which the said Commissioners shall find will be saved by the Production of the said Plans and Maps of such respective Estates $ any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, in case such Person or Persons having the Possession of any such Surveys, Maps or Plans shall refuse or neglect to produce the fame at such time or times as the said Commissioners shall for that purpose appoint, then such Surveys, Maps or Plans shall not, at any time thenafter, be received or admitted by the said Commissioners.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said Surveyors shall have finished such Survey, Plan, Field Book and Terrier, they shall deliver the same to the said Commissioners, who shall thereupon appoint One or more Special Meeting or Meetings, as they shall think fit, by Notice in Writing under their Hands, to be affixed upon the principal Door of every Church and licensed Chapel within the several Parishes of

Toxall\ Taienhill) HutnpJlaU Ridware, Rolleston and, on

Two

21 H

Proprietors to produce Surveys already made, and to be allowed the Saving in Expence.

Commissioner: to appoint a Special Meeting for receiving Claims.

220

c. ivi.

A.D. 1801.

Persons interested to deliver their Claims,

Meeting for receiving and settling Claims and Objections.

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

Two Sundays at the least before the Day or Days appointed for such Special Meeting or Meetings; at which Special Meeting or Meetings, all Persons interested shall be at liberty to inspect the said Survey, Plan, Terrier and Field Book, and to take a Copy of so much thereof as concerns his or her Estate or Interest.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons having or claiming any Interest in the said Portion or Allotment of the said Forest, by this Act directed to be assigned to or for the Benefit of the said Freeholders and Copyholders as aforesaid, or any Right of Common of Pasture thereon, or on any Part thereof, shall, and they are hereby required respectively to give and deliver, or cause to be given and delivered to the said Commissioners present at their said Special Meeting or Meetings, a Writing under their respective Hands, or the Hands of their respective Stewards, Attornies or Agents, specifying and containing an Account and Description, as well of the Messuages and Burgage Houses, and Scites thereof, as of all the Lands in respect whereof he, she or they doth or do claim to be entitled to any Share or Portion of the said Allotment, under the Directions of this Act, with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons then in the actual Possession thereof; all which Writings or Claims shall and may at the time or times of the Delivery thereof respectively, and at all other seasonable times, until the Expiration of One Calendar Month next after the said special Meeting or Meetings of the said Commissioners, be inspected and perused by any Person or Persons having or claiming any Interest in the said Forest or Chase, or any Part thereof, or any Guardian, Agent, Trustee, Attorney or other Person acting on behalf of any Person having or claiming any such Right or Interest, to the End that the particular Rights and Estates of every Claimant may be known to and by all others of them, who shall think fit to make any Inquiry relating thereto, and to the said Commissioners; and all and every Person and Persons refusing and neglecting to give and deliver, or to cause to be given and delivered such Writing and Account as aforesaid, to the said Commissioners, at their said Special Meeting or Meetings, shall be excluded and totally debarred of and from all Right and Title of, in, to or upon the said Allotment of the said Freeholders and Copyholders, and of and from all Benefit and Advantage in or to any Share thereof. Infancy, Cover-' ture, Lunacy or any other general legal Impediment whatsoever, of or in any such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting in anywise notwithstanding; and that no Claim or Claims whatsoever shall be made or received, save at the said Special Meeting or Meetings of the said Commissioners; and that all and every Claim and Claims which shall be so given in Writing to the said Commissioners at their said Special Meeting or Meetings as aforesaid, and to which the said Commissioners shall have no Objection, or to which no Objection shall be made by any other Persons, within the time herein after mentioned, shall be allowed finally and conclusively against all Persons whomsoever, and the Claims so to be delivered and allowed shall never thereafter be suffered to be litigated, controverted or disputed.

LXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That after the said Commissioners shall have held such Special Meeting or Meetings as aforesaid, they shall appoint such time and Place, or times and Places, as they shall think fit, not being less than Forty

A.D. 1801.

a h

2 21

41° GEO. III. (U.&)

Days, nor exceeding Fifty Days after such Special Meeting or Meetings for holding a further Meeting to take into Consideration the Claims so made, and for receiving all such Objections thereto as any Person or Persons having or claiming any Interest in the said Allotment of the said Freeholders and Copyholders shall think fit to make in respect of any of such Claims, and which Objections are hereby required, to be given unto the said Commissioners in Writing under the Hands of the Persons making the same, upon or before the First Day appointed for the said further Meeting, or the same shall not be received; and the said Commissioners at their said further Meeting shall, and they are hereby directed and required to hear, inquire into and finally determine all such Claims and Obi jections, either by Examination of Parties or Witnesses, on Oath, and in Writing or otherwise, and by Inspection of all or any Deeds, Papers or Writings, in the respective Custody or Power of each or either Party, or upon or by such other Evidence, Proofs, Way9 or Means, as to them shall seem requisite and expedient in that behalf; and for that purpose the said Commissioners are from time to time to adjourn their said further Meeting as they shall find necessary or expedient, and to make such Order and Determination therein as to them shall seem just and equitable, and that every such Order and Determination shall be final and conclusive against all Persons whomsoever.

LXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Claims made by any Committee, Guardian, Husband, Trustee or Attorney of any Person or Persons, being Minors, under Coverture, beyond the Seas, or otherwise incapable by Law to make such Claims as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby declared to be as valid and effectual as if the Person or Persons on whose behalf such Claims shall be so made, was or were capable of acting for themselves, and all such Claims, if made in such time as aforesaid, shall be received and regarded, and proceeded upon in manner herein-before directed; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall set up any frivolous, vexatious or unjust Claim or Objection to, or concerning any Right or Interest in or upon the said Allotment of the said Freeholders and Copyholders, whereby any unnecessary Expence shall be occasioned, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, to afiefs such Costs as to them shall seem reasonable, upon such Person or Persons making or occasioning such frivolous, vexatious or unjust Claims or Objections, and to authorize and empower any Peace Officer of the Liberty or Division wherein such Person or Persons shall reside, to levy the same upon the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons, and to apply the Money so to be levied towards defraying the Expence of carrying this Act into Execution.

LXXIX. And for the better enabling the said Commissioners to determine the several matters and things by this Act referred to their - determination, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, from time to time as they shall see Occasion, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, to Cummon and request any Person or Persons to appear before them, at any time and Place in such Writing to be appointed, to testify

Trustees, &c. may claim for Persons under any Disability.

Costs to he awarded for frivolous Claims or Objections.

For summoning Witnesses.

For punishing Persons guilty Perjury.

Mode of sub-dividing the Commoners’ Allotment.

C. lvi. 41° GEO. III. A.D. 18Ol.

the Truth touching any matter in Dispute between any Proprietors or interested Persons or otherwise relating to the Execution of the Powers given by this Act, and to cause a Copy of such Writing to be served on such Person or Persons required to give Evidence, or to be left at his, her or their usual or last Place of Abode; and every such Person so summoned who shall not, without reasonable excuse, appear before the said Commissioners pursuant to such Summons, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn or examined upon Oath, (which Oath the said Commissioners or any One of them, are and is hereby empowered and required to administer,) such Person or Persons having been paid or had tendered to him, her or them, the reasonable Charges of his, her or their Attendance, and being thereof convicted before any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Staff, upon Information thereof upon Oath made before any such Justice, shall forfeit and pay such Sum of Money, not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, as such Justice shall think fit, and order such Penalty or Forfeiture to be levied by Warrant of such Justice by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person and Persons so convicted, together with the Costs of such Warrant, which Penalty shall be applied for such of the purposes of this Act as the said Commissioners shall direct; and for want of such sufficient Distress, the said Justice is hereby directed and required to commit such Person or Persons to the House of Correction for the County of Stafford, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he, file or they shall submit him, her or themselves to be examined according to the true Intent and meaning of this Act.

LXXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons, upon Examination upon Oath before the said Commissioners, shall give false Evidence, and shall be thereof lawfully convicted, such Person or Persons shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties inflidfed by the Laws now in being, on Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said several Meetings shall have been so held, and all Claims of the said Freeholders and Copyholders settled and determined, they the said Commissioners shall take an actual View of, and quality all the Lands and Grounds in the said several Town {hips, for or in respect of which any Claim or Claims made by the respective Owner or Owners thereof, to any Share, Right or Interest, of, in or to the said Forest or Chase, shall have been allowed or admitted by the said Commissioners, and set a fair and just Value thereon, according to the best of their Judgment and Ability, and according to the Quantity, Quality, Situation, State and Condition of every several Piece or Parcel of Land and Ground, and shall thereupon assign, set out and allot as well the said Share and Portion of the said Forest or Chase, as all Oak Trees under the Girth or Square of Six Inches, or the Values thereof, by this Act directed to be allotted unto the said Freeholders and Copyholders respectively, unto and amongst the Freeholders and Copyholders of Messuages, Burgage Houses, Constable Things, Cottages and ancient Scites thereof, Lands and Grounds within each and every of the said respective Townships of Anjlow, Barton under

Coton, Draycott, Dunjlall, Fawlde, Hampjiall Ridware, Hanbury,

Hanbury

A.D. 1801.

C. lvi.

223

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

Hanbury Wood End, Hoarcross, Hound > Marchington^ Mar-

chington Woodlands, Moreton, Ne Thorney

Rolleston, Tatcnlnll, Tutbury, Stubby and, according to their respective Rights and Interests, giving and allotting unto every Proprietor, as well his or her due Share of Land, as his or her due Share of the said Oak Trees, or the Values thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act

LXXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in assigning, setting out and allotting such Allotments unto and amongst the said Freeholders and Copyholders, all Messuages, Burgage Houses, Constable Things, and Cottages whatsoever, erected or built on new Scites or Front Steads, within Forty Years last past, and also all Incroachments made either upon or from the said Forest or Chase, or upon any Common or Waite Ground whatsoever, and all Cottages and Erections thereon built and erected, and all and every the Parks or Farms and Lands anciently used as Parks, and called by the several Names of Hanbury Parky Ruff hay Parky Agarjley or ley Parky Rowley Parky Barton Parky Highl.ngs Parky Stockley Parky Tutbury Little Parky Rolleston Parky Cajllehay Park and Sherholt Parky and also the several Lodges called Brickley Ealand Lodge, Toxall Lodge and Sherholt and the several

Farms and Lands thereto belonging, or any of them, or any other Messuages, Houses, Constable Things, Cottages or Lands (if any) which the said Commissioners shall adjudge not to have or to be entitled unto any Right of Common in the said Forest or Chase, or any of the Owners thereof in respect of the' several Premises aforesaid, shall not be deemed or considered as having any Right of Common on the said Forest or Chase, nor shall the said respective Premises, or any of them, be counted, rated or valued, in apportioning the Shares or Allotments of the said Forest or Chase unto and amongst the said Freeholders and Copyholders.

LXXXIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in case the said Commissioners shall find that any ancient Messuage or Burgage House, Constable Thing or Cottage, entitled to a Right of Common on the said Forest or Chase, hath fallen to decay within Forty Years last past, that then, and in every such case, the said Commissioners shall, in making the said several Allotments, consider such Messuage, Burgage House, Constable Thing or Cottage, as if the fame was now Handing, and allow unto the Owner of the Scite thereof his Allotment accordingly.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in apportioning and setting out the said Allotment or Share of the said Freeholders and Copyholders, and the said Oak Trees under the Girth or Square of Six Inches, or the Values thereof, to the said Freeholders and Copyholders, every Messuage, Burgage House, and Constable Thing, and the Scite of any such, shall be rated by the said Commissioners at the annual Rent or Value of Nine Pounds, and every such ancient Cottage and Scite thereof at the annual Rent or Value of Six Pounds, without having any Regard to the real Rent or Value of any of such Messuages, Burgage Houses, Constable Things, Cottages or Scites respectively; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Allotments to be made and set out unto and amongst the said Freeholders

Particular Tenements, &c. excluded any Benefit from th^ Division.

Scites of ancient Houses to have Allotments,

For settling the Value at which Houses and Cottages shall be rated.

For ascertaining where Allotments are to he rated.

224

C.lvi.

A.D. 1801. 41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

Commissioners to have due regard to Quality and Situation.

For setting out Marie Pits.

Allotments to be indofed.

holders and Copyholders as aforesaid, shall be annexed unto, and be, and become, and for ever hereafter remain Part of such of the respective Townships before mentioned, as the said Commissioners shall think most expedient and proper, (giving to each Township, nevertheless, a due and just Proportion of such Allotments,) and that the Allotments so assigned by the said Commissioners to any particular Township, shall be there assessed and rated to all Parochial Taxes, Rates and Assessments; and the said Commissioners shall, in and by their final Award, specify and declare to which Township respectively each and every Allotment by them made shall belong, and be assessed and rated accordingly.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, in making the said Divisions and Allotments, shall have a due regard to the Quality and Situation, as well as the Quantity of the Lands so to be divided and allotted, and also to the Conveniency of the Parties concerned, and shall set out the Part or Share of -every Person respectively, in One entire Plot or Parcel, where the fame can be conveniently done, and as near to each particular Person’s Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments respectively, as conveniently may be, without Prejudice or Partiality to any of the Parties and Persons interested in the said Division and Inclosure.

LXXXVII. And, to the End and Intent as well the Tenants of The King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the said Owners of Tithes, as all other Proprietors of Land within the said Eoreft or Chafe, may be the more readily supplied with Marie for the Improvement of their several and respective Allotments thereof, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required to set out and assign such Spots or Parcels of Ground within the said Forest or Chase, with private Roads and Ways thereto, as they shall think fit for supplying Marie unto the said Tenants, Tithe Owners and Proprietors, or unto such of them as shall have no Marie in their own Allotments; and in Consideration thereof, the said Commissioners shall, in setting out the several and respective Allotments of the Persons entitled to the Benefit of such Marie, make a due and just Abatement thereout in proportion to their respective Rights; and that the said Commissioners shall, in and by their final Award, and the Survey and Map thereto annexed, describe and set forth the several Spots of Ground by them assigned for Marie Pits, and the Roads and Ways to be used thereto, and make and lay down all such Bye Laws, Rules and Orders, for the due and proper Enjoyment and Use of the said Marie Pits, Roads and Ways, by the several and respective Persons for whose Benefit the same shall be so respectively set out, and for fencing in the fame, and for inflicting such reasonable Penalties upon all Persons who shall be guilty of any Breach or Non Observance of any of such Bye Laws, Rules and Orders, and upon all Persons who shall dig or take any Marie therefrom, not being entitled thereto, as they the said Commissioners shall think just and expedient, provided such Bye Laws, Rules and Orders, be printed and published.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the said Freeholders and Copyholders shall inclose, and well and sufficiently fence and ditch their several and respective Allotments,

CVlvi.

225

A.D. 1801. 41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

within such time or times, and in such manner, as the said Commissioners shall order and direct, and that the said Commissioners, in directing and settling the Fences of the said Allotments, shall order and direct a Quick Fence to be made and repaired on each Side of every public Road which shall be set out, in, over and upon the Premises, by the Owners of the several and respective Allotments abutting upon or adjoining to the said public Roads, and duly apportion the Residue of the Fences for Separating such lafb mentioned Allotments from the Allotments adjoining thereto, or the Expences of making the same, (as after mentioned,) to and amongst the respective Owners of such adjoining Allotments accordingly; and in case any Person or Persons shall not inclose, hedge, ditch or fence, his, her or their Allotment or Allotments, within such time, and in such manner as the said Commissioners shall order and direct, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Owner or Occupier of the Lands or Grounds next adjoining to the Allotment or Allotments of the Person or Persons who shall not have so inclosed, hedged, ditched or fenced the same as aforesaid, to exhibit a Complaint upon Oath against such Person or Persons, before One or more of His Majesty's Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Stafford, not being interested in the Lauds or Grounds so intended to be inclosed, who is and are hereby empowered and required to summon the Parties concerned, and to examine Witnesses upon Oath in respect of the matter of every such Complaint, and to order, direct and appoint the Person or Persons exhibiting such Complaint, to make and complete the Hedges, Ditches and Fences, of the Person or Persons who shall not have so inclosed, hedged, ditched or fenced as aforesaid, in such manner as the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing was or were ordered and directed to have done by the said Commissioners; and also shall and may, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, directed to any Constable or other Peace Officer, cause the Charges and Expences of making, repairing and maintaining the Hedges, Ditches or Fences of the Person or Persons who shall not have so inclosed, hedged, ditched or fenced as aforesaid, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing, and to pay the fame over unto the Person or Persons making and completing such Fences as aforesaid, rendering the Surplus (if any) after Payment of such Charges and Expences, and of the Coils and Charges of taking and making such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, or otherwise the said Justice or Justices shall and may, by Writing under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, authorize and empower the Person or Persons exhibiting such Complaint, to enter into and upon the Lands so to be allotted to such Person or Persons neglecting or refusing to inclose as aforesaid, and to receive and take the Rents and Profits of the same Premises respectively, until thereby or therewith the Charges and Expences of making and completing the said Hedges, Ditches or Fences as aforesaid, together with the Costs and Charges occasioned by or attending such Entry upon and Perception of the Rents and Profits of the same Premises, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

Remedy against Persons who shall necledt to inclose.

226

c. ivi.

A.D. 1801.

Power to set Ports and Rails to guard Fences*

Hedges to be planted Four Feet within the Allotments.

Satisfaction to be made for unequal Shares of Boundary-Fences.

Provisions for Persons who shall agree not to inclose.

Gaps to be left and Gales to be set up.

41° GEO. III.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the respective Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made by virtue of this Act, from time to time and at all times during the Term of Seven Years next after the Execution of the First Award of the said Commissioners for the Preservation of their Quick Fences, to place down Posts and Rails, or other Fences, on the Outsides of the Hedges bounding their respective Allotments, not exceeding Two Feet from the Ditches, and to take and carry away the said Posts and Rails, and other Fences, at any time within the said Term.

XC. Provided always, That when any Proprietor shall plant and make any Quickset Hedge and Ditch next adjoining the Allotment of any other Proprietor or next any adjoining Parish or Place, or against any Road, then every such Proprietor shall plant such Quickset Hedge on his, her or their Allotment, at the Distance of Four Feet at the least from the Outline or Boundary of such Allotment.

XCI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if, owing to the Situation or other Circumstances of any Allotment or Allotments, it shall happen that the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof shall not have a proportionate Share of Boundary Fencing thereto, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, where they shall judge it reasonable, to ascertain and appoint any Sum or Sums of Money to be contributed and paid by such Proprietor or Proprietors towards the Expences of the Boundary Fencing of such other or others of the said Proprietors who may happen to have too great a Proportion thereof, in order that the Expence of Boundary Fencing may be brought as near as may be to a just and equal Proportion, (due Regard being had to the necessary Subdivision Fences within the respective Allotments,) and the Money so to be ascertained and applied shall be levied and recovered in the same manner as the general Expences, to be borne, paid or defrayed by the said Freeholders and Copyholders, are herein after directed to be levied and recovered.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Two or more Persons whose Allotments shall be contiguous or adjoin together, shall agree to leave their respective Allotments, or some certain Parts( thereof uninclosed, as between each other, then and in such case such Persons shall be at liberty for ever, or for any time whatsoever, to leave the fame uninclosed, as between each other, upon condition that they, some or one of them, do make and set up and repair the Fences for fevering their several Allotments from the Allotments of other Persons adjoining thereto, according to the Orders and Directions of the said Commissioners; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That convenient Gaps and Openings shall be left in the new Fences belonging to the said Freeholders and Copyholders for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months next ensuing the Execution of the Commissioners> final Award, herein after directed to be made by them for the Passage of Cattle, Carts and Carriages, in and through the fame, unless the said Commissioners shall order and award to the contrary, and then for such time only as they shall so order and award; and that all and every the Proprietors of the said new Inclosures shall have full Power and

A.D. 1801.

a hi

41° GEO. III.

227

Liberty, for the Space of Seven Years, to erect or Jet up any Gate or Gates across such Gaps or Openings, and also across any of the Roads to be made through or against his, her or their Allotments for keeping out Sheep and Cattle, and to prevent their destroying any F nks, Drains, Plants, Quicksets or Fences, which shall be made or planted for the purpofas of this Act, save only and except across the Turnpike Road leading over the said Forest or Chase from Toxall towards Sudbury, and other public Carriage Roads whereon no Gate shall be set up or erected.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That if at the time of such Allotments in Divisions and Allotments to be made as aforesaid, any Person or Severalty may Persons shall be seised of any Messuage or Messuages, Lands, Tene- e. ' eto

T r J. o o joint enants*

ments or Hereditaments, for or in respect or which any Allotment Tenants in

or Allotments shall be made as aforesaid, or of any other Messuage Common, &c.

or Messuages, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any other Lands

or Grounds already inclosed or which shall be exchanged by virtue of

this Act, as Joint Tenants, Tenants in Common or Coparceners, or

+shall have any other undivided Share or Interest therein respectively, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, at the Request in Writing of any such Person or Persons, to divide, set out and allot the Lands, Grounds and Tenements, to which such Persons respectively shall become entitled by virtue of this Act, to each and every of the same Persons respectively, in Severalty, in proportion and according to their respective Rights, Interests and Properties.

XCV. And, for the greater Convenience of the Persons interested in the said intended Division, as well in respect to the Situation of their several Allotments of the said Forest or Chase, as in respect to the Situation of their several Tenements and Lands in the said Forest and Townships, be it further enacted,

That it shall and may be lawful to and for The King’s Majesty, For Exchange

His Heirs and Successors, and to and for the several Owners and Froperty*

Proprietors of any Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments lying

+within the said Forest or Chase, or within the said Townships, or any of them, or their respective Guardians, Husbands, Trustees or Committees respectively, or Persons acting as such at any time before the said Commissioners shall have made and executed their said final Award, by proper Deeds, Writings or Surrenders, to be duly made and executed, to make Partition of or to exchange all or any of their several and respective Allotments of the said Forest or Chase, or any Part thereof, and all or any of their several and respective Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, lying or being within the said Forest or Townships, or any of them, for any other Allotments of the said Forest or Chase, or any Part thereof, or for any other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, situate and being within the said Forest or Chase, or Townships, or any of them, or in any other Parish or Place adjoining or lying near thereto, so as all such Partitions and Exchanges be made with the Consent and Approbation of the said Commissioners, and be by them set forth and declared in and by their said final Award, and that all Partitions and Exchanges so to be made as aforesaid, shall be good, valid and effectual in the Law, notwithstanding any Infancy, Coverture, Lunacy or other Disability of any of the Parties thereto or on, whose behalf the same shall be so made, and notwithstanding any Use, Will, Settlement, Trust, Limitation, Incumbrance or other

228

No Exchanges of Church Lands to be made without the Consent of the Bishop of Lichfield.

Allotments to be accepted.

Guardians, &c. may accept for Persons under any Disability.

C.Wi. 41° GEO. III. A.D. 1801.

Impediment to the contrary; and that the several Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so partitioned or given in Exchange, shall be, continue and remain subject to the same Uses, Wills, Settlements, Trusts, Limitations, Leases and other Incumbrances, as the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, partitioned and taken in Exchange for the fame, were subject and liable unto or chargeable with, at or immediately before the time or times of making such several and respective Partitions and Exchanges thereof respectively: Provided always, that no such Exchange shall extend to affect the Nature of the Tenure of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, held by Copy of Court Roll, or being of of or Customary Tenure, unless the Lords or Owners of the respective Manors whereof the same are so holden shall be privy and consenting to the Exchanges so made, to be testified by their being made Parties to, and executing the Deeds and Writings for making such Exchanges respectively.

XCVI. Provided also, That no Exchange shall be made by the Redfors of Tatenhill and Toxall, and the Vicars of Hanbury and

Tutbury, or any of them, without the Consent of the Lord Bishop of Lichfield and Coventry for the time being.: Provided likewise, that no Exchange shall be made of any Lands held in right of any Church or Chapel, without the Consent of the Bishop of the Diocese, and of the Patron of such Church or Chapel, to be signified by Writing under their Hands respectively.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Freeholders, Copyholders and other Persons entitled to any such Allotment or Allotments as aforesaid, shall, and they are hereby severally required to accept his, her and their respective Allotments, within such time as shall be limited by the said Commissioners, by any general or special Notice or Order to be given or made by them for that purpose; and in case no such general or special Notice or Order shall be given or made, then the said Persons shall accept their said Allotments, within the Space of Three Calendar Months next after the Execution of the said final Award, and Notice given thereof by Advertisement in The London Gazette, and by being affixed on the principal Door of each of the several Parish Churches of

Hanbury, Toxall, Tatenhill, Hampjlall Ridare, Rolleston and

Scropton aforesaid, for that purpose, under the Hands of the said Commissioners; and in case any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to accept his, her or their Allotment or Allotments within the time before mentioned, such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing shall be totally excluded from having or receiving any Benefit or Advantage from any Estate, Interest or Right of Common of Pasture, of, in or to, any of the Lands or Grounds assigned or allotted to any other Person or Persons by virtue of this Act.

XCVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Guardians, Husbands, Trustees, Committees or Attornies of any Person or Persons being a Minor or Minors under Coverture, or beyond the Seas, or otherwise incapable by Law to accept his, her or their Allotment or Allotments so to be made as aforesaid, shall be, and is and are hereby enabled and required to accept thereof for the Use of the Person or Persons under any of the Disabilities aforesaid, or otherwise incapacitated; and every such Acceptance

A.D. 1801. 41° GEO. III. (U.K.) lvi.

respectively shall be and is hereby declared to be as valid and effectual as if the Person or Persons to whom the said Allotments shall be made respectively, was or were capable of acting for himself, herself or themselves; any thing herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XCIX. Provided also, That the Non Claim or Non Acceptance of any Guardian, Husband, Trustee, Committee or Attorney, shall not exclude or prejudice the Claim or Acceptance of any Infant, Feme Covert, or any other Person under such Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, who shall claim or accept within One Year next after such Disability or Incapacity shall be removed, or of any Person or Persons entitled as Heir, or in Remainder or Reversion, after the Death of any Person or Persons dying under such Disability or Incapacity, who shall claim or accept within One Year after his, her or their Right, Title or Interest, shall have descended, veiled or accrued, or be known so to have done.

C. Provided also, and be it enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained, so far as the same relates to or concerns the Allotments of the said Freeholders and Copyholders, shall extend, or be construed, adjudged, deemed or taken, to revoke, make void, annul or affect, any Settlement, Deed, Will or Lease whatsoever, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Rent Service, Debt, Charge or Incumbrance, in, out of, upon or affecting the said Allotments, or any Part or Parcel thereof; but that the several Allotments so to be assigned and allotted, upon such Division and Inclosure thereof to the several Proprietors respectively, shall immediately after such Allotments shall be made and set out, be, remain and enure, and be held and enjoyed, and the several Persons to whom the same shall be assigned and allotted as aforesaid shall from thenceforth Hand and be seised and possessed thereof respectively, to such and the same Uses, and to and for such and the fame Estates, and with such and the fame Powers and Authorities, for making Leases and otherwise, and subject to the same Wills, Limitations, Conditions, Settlements, Trusts, Provisoes, Remainders, Reversions, Debts, Charges and Incumbrances, (save and except Right of Common, under any subsisting Lease or Leases,. and the Allotments to be made in lieu thereof, and also save and except as to the Tenure of such Allotments as shall be set out and assigned in respect of any Customary or of Estate,) as the several Messuages, Dwelling Houses, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in respect or in lieu whereof such Allotments were made to them respectively, were and flood severally limited or subject and liable unto at the time of making such Allotments respectively.

CI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, in assigning and setting out all and every the Allotments of Lands and Trees within the said Forest or Chase, for and in respect of Houses, Cottages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, held by Copy of Court Roll, or being of of or Customary Tenure, apportion and set out the fame Allotments unto and between the several and respective Lords or Owners of the several and respective Manors, whereof the said of and Customary Premises are holden, and the respective of or Customary Tenants thereof, in due and just Proportions, according

229

Without Prejudice to disabled Persons and others who shall accept in a limited time.

This Act not to a(feet.any Wilt or Settlement.

Allotment* for of Estates to be held in Fee Simple;

230

C. lvi.

41° GEO. III. A.D. 1801.

to their respective Rights and Interests, in such Sort, Manner and Form, as that the said respective Lords or Owners of Manors may-have and receive out of the said Allotments such reasonable Benefit as in the Judgment of the said Commissioners shall be tantamount to the casual and incidental Advantages and Emoluments which would arise and happen to the said respective Lords or Owners of the said Manors from the said Allotments, in case the fame had been or were to be annexed unto the said of or Customary Premises, and held of the same Tenures respectively; and in consideration thereof all and every of the Allotments so to be assigned and set out in respect of any of or Customary Messuages, Houses, Cottages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, within all and every of the said Towns, shall be held and enjoyed by the several and respective of and Customary Tenants, their Heirs and Assigns, severally and respectively, for ever, in Fee Simple, freed and discharged of and from all and all manner of Fines, Rents, Services, Heriots and Reliefs, and other customary Dues and Payments whatsoever, to the Lords or Owners of the said Manors, but subject nevertheless to all such Entails, Wills, Trusts, Uses, Settlements, Mortgages and Incumbrances, (except such as would be incidental to their Tenure as of and Customary Lands,) as the several and respective Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments to which the said Allotments shall belong, are or may be subject or liable unto at the time of executing the said final Award.

CII. And be it further enacted, That all the Allotments of Land to be made of the said Forest or Chase by virtue of this Act, in respect of any Messuages, Burgage Houses or Lands held by Lease or Leases at Rack Rent, or for which Leases no Fines are expressed thereon to have been paid to the Grantors or Lessors as the Considerations for the fame, shall be allotted to and held by the several Owners and Proprietors of such Messuages, Burgage Houses and Lands, freed and discharged from all Right or Claim of such respective Lessees, to, in or upon the said Allotments, or any Part thereof, to be derived under or by virtue of such Leases; and in case any of such Lessees shall think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved thereby, and such Lessors and Lessees shall not settle the same to their mutual Satisfaction, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, on Application to them made by either Party, to take the matters in question into their Consideration, and by their Order to make unto every such Lessee, for his, her and their Loss of Commonage, or other Losses, by means of the said Division, such a fair and adequate Allowance, and Compensation, either in Money to be paid down, or by way of Abatement or Reduction in the Rack Rents by such Leases reserved, as the said Commissioners shall think just and equitable. Tenants for Life CIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful may charge their to and for the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees or Committees of the Allotments to Owners or Proprietors, being under Coverture, Minors, Idiots,

Lunatics or beyond the Seas, or being under any other Disability whatsoever, and to and for any of the said Proprietors, being Tenants in Tail, or for Life only, or holding by any Lease for Life or Lives, or for any Term or Number of Years, determinable on the Death or Deaths of One or more Person or Persons, by and with the Consent of the said Commissioners, testified in Writing under

but subject to all Incumbrances.

Lessors to make a Compensation to Lessees by an Abatement of Rent.

pay for Improvements.

C. lvi.

231

A.D. 1801. 41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

under their Hands and Seals, from time to time, to charge their respective Allotments of the said Forest or Chase, with such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall in their Discretion judge necessary for the purposes of this Act, not exceeding the Rate of Three Pounds per Acre, and for securing the Repayment of such Sum or Sums of Money, with Interest, to grant, mortgage, lease or demise, or otherwise subject the said Allotments, unto such Person or Persons as shall respectively advance and lend such Money, his, her and their respective Executors, Administrators and Assigns, to or for any Term or Number of Years, so as every such Grant or Demise be made with a Proviso or Condition to cease and be void, or with an express Trull to be surrendered when such Sum or Sums of Money thereby to be secured, with the Interest thereof, shall be fully satisfied and paid, and so as in every such Grant or Demise which shall be made by any Person or Persons interested in or entitled to any such mortgaged Premises as aforesaid, there be contained a Covenant to pay and keep down the Interest of the said Money, thereby to be secured during his, her or their respective Life or Lives, or during the Continuance of his, her or their Term,

Estate and Interest in the said mortgaged Premises, in such manner that no Person afterwards becoming possessed of such Allotments shall be subject or liable to pay any further or larger Arrear of Interest than for One Year preceding the time when the Title to such Possession shall accrue and commence, and every such Grant, Mortgage, Lease or Demise of the said Allotments and Premises, or any Part or Parts thereof so to be made in pursuance of this Act, shall be good, valid and effectual in the Law for the purposes thereby intended, notwithstanding the Want of Title in the said Husbands,.

+Guardians, Trustees or Committees, or in the Persons acting as such, or in any other of the Persons making the same as aforesaid, or any Settlement, Will, Trust, Use, Remainder, Limitation or other Impediment or Incumbrance, of or concerning the said Lands, Grounds or Premises, or any Part or Parcel thereof then in being,

or capable of taking Effect to the contrary j and all and every such Mortgages may

Person or Persons to whom any such Grant, Mortgage, Lease or be transferred.

Demise shall be made, or who shall for the time being be entitled to

+the Money thereby to be secured, shall and may from time to time, by any Deed or Deeds, Writing or Writings, under his, her or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to be executed in the Presence of Two or more credible Witnesses, assign or transfer the said Security or Securities, and the Principal Money and Interest thereby secured, and all Benefit and Advantage thereof, and all his, her or their Right, Title and Interest in and to the same, unto any Person or Persons whomsoever, who may again in like manner assign the same, and so from time to time as Occasion shall require

and such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, Assignee or Assignees, his, her Mortgagees to

or their Executors and Administrators, and all Persons claiming have the usual

under him, her or them, shall and may use, take and pursue all such

Methods in Law and Equity, for recovering and obtaining Possession principal and In

of the Premises so to be mortgaged, demised or assigned as aforesaid, terest.

in case of Non Payment of the Principal Money and Interest to be

thereby secured, or any Part thereof, as is or are taken and pnrfued

in cases of the like Nature.

232

C. lvi.

A.D. 1801. 41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

Tenants for Life

CIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Allot.0 for an7 Tenant for Life> (except the Rectors of Hanbury, Tatenhill ments by Will, oxall, and the Vicars of Hanbury and Tutbury aforesaid,) not

&c. ’ being such under any Lease with Rent reserved, and for any Tenant

in Tail, of any Allotment or Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act, by any Deed or Deeds in Writing, or by his or her last Will or Testament, in Writing duly executed, to charge such Allotment or Allotments, and Lands, respectively, with such Sum or Sums of Money, as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners to be paid, and which shall accordingly have been paid by such Tenant for Life or in Tail, for his or her Share or Proportion of the Expectises, in consequence of this Act, not exceeding Three Pounds for every Acre of such Allotment or Allotments, and by such Deed or Deeds or last Will, to direct and appoint the Money so to be charged to be paid to such Person or Persons as he, she or they shall think proper, with Interest for the fame, to commence from the Day of the Death of such Tenant for Life or in Tail respectively.

Persons may sell

CV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful their Rights in to and for any of the Freeholders or Copyholders interested, or to the Forest be- become interested in the said Forest or Chase, or any Portion or fore the Award. Allotment thereof, at any time before the Execution of the Award herein after directed to be made by the said Commissioners, or at any time afterwards, to sell and dispose of, or to complete any Contract or Contracts for Sale, of all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest and Property which he, file or they now have or hath, or shall or may hereafter have, in or to any Right of Common or other Interest in and upon the said Forest or Chase, or in or to any Allotment or Allotments to be made in respect thereof, by virtue of this Act, separately from such Tenements or Estates in right or respect whereof he, she or they is or are, or shall be so entitled; and that in case of any such Sale or Contraft of Sale, previously to the Execution of the said Award, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to allot the same to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof respectively, who shall and may immediately after the Execution of such Award as aforesaid, have, hold, use and enjoy such Allotment and Allotments, with all Privileges and Emoluments to the same appertaining so to be laid out or allotted in lieu of the Right of Common or other Interest so by him, her or them purchased as aforesaid, and shall and may have, use and exercise every Act of Ownership in, upon, over and to the same, in as full, large, ample and beneficial manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as the former Proprietor or Vendor thereof could or might have done, in case such Sale or Sales had not been made, but subject nevertheless to the several Rules, Orders, Conditions and Restrictions, mentioned and contained in this Act.

CVI. And for the more speedily inclosing and bringing the said p letors Forest or Chase into a State of Cultivation, be it further enacted, with the Con- That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, if they lent of the Com- shall find it convenient and expedient so to do, before the Rights missioners, may an(} Interests of each and every the Parties interested are fully ascer-inclose Allot- jaine^ to set out and allot to any of the said Freeholders and Copy-the°A, 1 otments holders such Plots and Parcels of the Land, to be assigned to the .,e linked out, said Freeholders and Copyholders, as they shall think proper, and

A.D. 1801.

c. ivi.

233

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

by Writing under their Hands to empower such Freeholders and Copyholders respectively to fence and occupy the fame in Severalty, paying such annual Rents in respect thereof, until the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners allotting the fame, or until the Whole of the Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act shall be ascertained or llaked out, as the said Commissioners shall fix and appoint; such Rents to be applied by the said Commissioners towards the Payment of the Expences of making the public Roads by virtue of this Act, and to be recovered from the said Freeholders and Copyholders in the same manner as the Expences to be paid by the said Freeholders and Copyholders are hereby directed to be recovered in the Event of the Insufficiency of the Fund to be paid to the said Commissioners on account of Timber as aforesaid; and in case the Fences of any such Plots or Parcels of Land shall be wilfully injured or destroyed, or any wilful Trespass shall be committed on the said Plots or Parcels of Land, the Person or Persons offending therein shall be deemed a wilful Trespasser or Trespasser, and be liable to Damages and Treble Costs of Suit, in respect thereof, to the Party or Parties injured thereby.

CVII. And be it further enacted, That as soon as conveniently may be after the said Commissioners shall have completed and finished the Division and Allotments of the said Freeholders7 and Copy-holders7 Share and Proportion of the said Forest or Chase pursuant to the Directions of this Act, they the said Commissioners shall form and draw up, or cause to be formed and drawn up, an Award or Instrument in Writing, to be called Final Award, which shall express, specify and set forth the Quantity and Number of Acres, Roods and Perches, contained in each and every specific Parcel or Allotment of Land assigned, set out and allotted to each and every of the Parties entitled unto and interested therein, and also a full Account of the Exchanges which shall have been made or agreed to be made by virtue of this Act, and the Quantities and Contents thereof, and a clear Description, either in Words or by way of Map or Plan, with proper References thereto, (which shall be deemed Part of the said Award,) of the Situation, Buttals and Boundaries of the same Parcels and Allotments respectively, and of all public and private Roads, Ways, Paths, Drains and Sewers, by them set out, through and over the fame, and proper Orders and Directions for fencing and mounding the said Allotments, and for keeping the said Mounds and Fences in Repair, and also for maintaining and repairing all such public and private Roads, Ways, Paths, Drains, Sewers, Watercourses and Passages, in, through and over the said Forest or Chase, as are not herein-before directed to be annexed unto, or deemed Part* of the said new District, and shall thereby also set forth and direct how much, and what particular Parts of the said public Roads, Highways, Common Sewers and Common Drains shall belong unto and be maintained and repaired by the Inhabitants of every of the said several and respective Towns, and thereby set forth all such other matters and things whatsoever as are in and by this Act directed to be set forth, declared or inserted in the said final Award, and thereby give and make all such further Orders, Regulations and Determinations, not herein expressly directed, which the said Commissioners shall think necessary or proper to be inserted therein, respecting or concerning the said

paying a Rent for a limited time.

Commissioners to make th-eir final Award.

234

a ivi.

A.D. 1801.

To be enrolled in the Duchy Court;

and to he filed with the Clerk of the Peace.

Copies to be Evidence.

Final Award to be read and signed in the Presence of Proprietors, and proclaimed in the Parish Churches.

When the Right of Common on the Freeholders* Allotment is to cease.

41° GEO. III.

Division, Inclosure and Exchanges, and the several Powers and Trusts by this Act reposed in them, according to the Tenor or Purport and true meaning thereof, so far as the same relate to and concern the Freeholders* and Copyholders* Allotment of the said Forest or Chase, and such Exchanges, and the Roads, Ways, Paths, Drains, Sewers and Fences aforesaid; which said final Award or Instrument shall be fairly engrossed or written on Parchment, and signed and sealed by the said Commissioners, and shall, within Three Calendar Months next after the same shall be so signed and sealed as aforesaid, be inrolled in the Office of the Clerk of the Council of His Majesty's Duchy of; and after the

Inrolment thereof, the said original Award or Instrument shall be deposited in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Stafford, to the End recourse may be had to the same by any Person or Persons interested therein, for the Inspection and Perusal whereof the Sum of One Shilling shall be paid and no more, and a Copy of the said final Award, or of the Inrolment thereof, or of any Part or Parts thereof, shall, from time to time, and at all times thereafter, be admitted and allowed in all Courts whatsoever as legal Evidence; which Copy the Clerk of the Council of the Duchy of Lancaster, and the said Clerk of the Peace, or their respective Deputies for the time being, are hereby severally and respectively required to make and deliver unto any Person or Persons requiring the fame, upon Payment of the accustomed Fees allowed to be taken for Copies of Records made in the said respective Offices, and no more; and the said Award or Instrument so to be executed, or the Inrolment thereof as aforesaid, shall be and is hereby declared to be binding and conclusive (except as herein after provided) unto and upon all and every of the Parties interested therein; and that the said Commissioners shall annex unto the said final Award, for safe Ctistody, the Survey, and Terrier, of the said several Townships, and the Maps or Plans thereof, herein-before directed to be made by the said Surveyors, and to be by them delivered to the said Commissioners; but such Terrier and Survey, Maps or Plans thereof, shall not be deemed Part of the said final Award, nor be inrolled therewith.

CVIII. Provided also, That the said final Award shall be read and executed by the Commissioners in the Presence of the Proprietors at a special General Meeting called for that purpose of which Ten Days* Notice at least shall be given in the Birmingham Gazette, and that such Award shall be proclaimed the next

Sunday in the several Parish Churches of Hanhury, Tatenhill, Toxall, Hampjlall Ridnvare, Rolleston and Scropton, from the time of which Proclamation such Award shall be considered as complete.

CIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after such time or times as the said Commissioners shall direct, by Writing under their Hands, to be affixed on the principal Door of the several Parish Churches of Hanbury, Tutbury, Tatenhill, Toxall, Hampjlall Ridware, Rolleston and Scropton, and to be published in the London Gazette, and some Newspaper or Newspapers usually circulated in the Neighbourhood of the said Forest or Chase, all Right of Common of Pasture, Turbary and Eftovers of the said Freeholders and Copyholders, and all other Persons, in and upon the Portion or

A.D. 1801.

c. lvi.

235

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

Allotment of the said Forest or Chase by this Act directed to be set out and assigned unto the said Freeholders and Copyholders, shall cease, determine and be for ever extinguished.

CX. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said Commissioners shall have in their Hands any Monies made applicable to the Payment of the Expences thereof, they shall forthwith make, or cause to be made, all such or such Parts of the public Roads and Highways, Common Sewers and Common Drains within and over the said Forest or Chase, as are not by this Act directed to be made at the Expence of The King’s Majesty, and shall pay the Charges thereof out of the Fund and in the manner herein after directed; and that the said Roads, Highways, Sewers and Drains, which the said Commissioners shall so make or cause to be made, shall for ever afterwards be maintained and kept in Repair by the Inhabitants of the said several and respective Town-ships (the said new District only excepted), in just Shares and Proportions to be ascertained and set forth in and by the said Commissioners’ final Award, and in such Sort and manner as other public Roads, Sewers and Drains are or ought to be maintained and repaired, within the said respective Townships.

CXI. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies herein-before directed to be paid by the Receiver General of the Duchy of Lancaster into the Hands of the said Commissioners for the Use of the several Freeholders and Copyholders in manner aforesaid, shall be made a Fund, and applied and appropriated by them in or towards Payment and Discharge of all the Costs and Expences of the said Commissioners and Surveyors, and other Persons by them employed in the surveying the said several Townships, and in planning, measuring, valuing, dividing, allotting and setting out the Allotment of the said Freeholders and Copyholders, and of making the several public Roads, Ways, Sewers and Drains by this Act directed to be made by the said Commissioners, and of preparing and inrolling the final Award of the said Commissioners, and all the Charges and Expences incident to and attending the Execution of the several other Powers and Trusts by' this Act veiled or reposed in the said Commissioners subsequent to the Execution of the said First Award, so far as the same relate to or concern the Allotment of the said Freeholders and Copyholders; and in case the said Fund shall be more than sufficient for the purposes aforesaid, then and in such case the said Commissioners shall divide and apportion the Surplus unto and amongst the said respective Freeholders and Copyholders, in a due and just Proportion, according to the Value of the specific Share and Allotment of Land of each respective Freeholder and Copyholder entitled to the immediate Possession of such respective Allotments respectively, to be applied in manner herein after mentioned; but in case the said Fund shall be inefficient for the purposes aforesaid, then the Deficiency thereof shall be borne, paid and defrayed by the said several Freeholders and Copyholders interested in the said final Award, in proportion to the real Value of their respective Allotments and the Benefits arising therefrom, to be settled, adjusted and ascertained by the said Commissioners, and paid to such Person or Persons, and at such time or times as the said Commissioners shall for that purpose nominate, direst and appoint j and in case any of the Persons aforesaid shall refuse of neglect to pay

Commissioners to make certain Roads and Drains;

and the Towns to keep them in Repair.

Application of the Monies ordered to be paid to the Commissioners.

Surplus to be paid to the Proprietors,

236

C.lvi.

A.D. 1801.

Commissioners to account with t!ie Proprietors#

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

pay his, her or their respective Shares or Proportions of such Charges and Expences within the time to be limited by the said Commissioners unto such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall appoint to receive the same, then the said Commissioners shall and may, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, directed to any Constable or other Peace Officer, cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, or of the Goods and Chattels which shall be found upon his, her or their respective Allotment or Allotments, rendering the Surplus (if any) on Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducing the Coils and Charges of taking and making such Distress and Sale, or otherwise it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to enter into and upon the Premises so to be allotted to such Person or Persons refusing or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, and to receive and take the Rents and Profits thereof until thereby or therewith the Share or Shares, Proportion or Proportions of the said Costs and Charges so directed, awarded and appointed by the said Commissioners to be paid by any such Person or Persons as aforesaid, and also all Costs, Charges and Expences occasioned by or attending such Entry upon and Perception of the Rents and Profits of the Premises, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to account, as well for all Monies which by virtue of this Act shall come to their Hands, as for all Monies which they shall assess upon the said Freeholders and Copy-holders, and lay out by virtue of this Act, which Account shall be by them stated and set forth in their said final Award, or in some Schedule to be annexed to the same, and shall express and particularize in a Debtor Column or *Side, all Sums of Money received by them, and of whom by Name, and on what Account, and also the Names of the several Persons whom they shall so assess, with the Sums so assessed on, or to be paid by them respectively-, and on what Account or for what purpose; and in a Creditor Column or Side, an Account of the Application of all Monies so received, assessed, raised, paid or retained by the said Commissioners and Surveyors, and on what Account and for what purposes respectively; and to which Account shall be also annexed the several Bills of the said Commissioners and Surveyors, for executing so much of the Powers and Trusts reposed or veiled in them by this Act as relate to or concern the said Allotment of the said Freeholders and Copyholders, subsequent to the Execution of the said First Award, and that the Charge of the said Surveyor for making the Survey and Plan of so much of the said Townships as shall be actually admeasured and surveyed, and all Expences, shall not exceed the Rate or Price of Eight pence per Acre, exclusive of Labourer’s Wages and Attendances on the Commissioners, and that the Charge for flaking out the Allotments of the said Freeholders and Copyholders, and laying the fame down on the said Map or Plan, to be annexed to the said final Award, and for preparing such Map or Plan, shall not exceed the Rate or Price of Three pence per Acre, over and besides the actual extraordinary Expence of the Labourers employed in cutting and making Openings and Ways through the Coverts and Wood9 <of the said Forest or Chase, and that the said Commissioners’ Charges

A.D. 1801.

c. ivi.

2.17

41° GEO. III.

for their own time, Labour and Expence, shall not exceed the Rate of Two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Sixpence per Day.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the said Freeholders or Copyholders shall think themselves aggrieved by any matter or thing to be contained in such final Award, Account or Bills, to be made and delivered in pursuance of the Directions of this Act, then and in such case the Parties so dissatisfied shall and may, at their Election, have and take such Remedy, by Petition, in either of the said Courts of Exchequer or Duchy Chamber, as is herein-before given and provided to Persons dissatisfied with any thing contained in the said Commissioners, first Award, or may take the Benefit of the general Provision or Clause of Appeal to the Court of General Quarter Session of the Peace herein after contained, such Persons applying for any such Remedy duly observing all the Directions in such cases provided by this Act, and applying within the time or times thereby limited and allowed for that purpose.

CXIV. And for the better enabling the said Commissioners to render Justice to The King’s Majesty, and all other Persons, in dividing and allotting amongst them their due Shares and Proportions of the Oak Trees growing upon the open Parts of the said Forest or Chase, being under the Girth or Square of Six Inches, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and that His Majesty and all Persons interested therein, may have and receive a fair and equal Benefit therefrom, either in Trees or in Money, according to the Value thereof, in proportion to their several and respective Rights, and for preserving as much as may be the young Sprigs of Wood standing and growing on the said Forest or Chase, until they shall arrive at a State of Maturity, be it further enacted, That wherever it shall so happen that more Oak Trees under the Dimensions last mentioned shall be standing on any Allotment of Land than will fall to the Share of the Person or Party entitled to such Allotment of Land, the said Commissioners shall set a fair Price to be paid for the Trees so in excess on every such Allotment, and shall give a Preference and Option to the Party entitled to the said Land, to purchase such Trees in excess at the Price so set thereon, and the Receipt of the said Commissioners for the Money to be paid to them for the same shall be a full and sufficient Discharge to every such Purchaser; but in case any Person to whom such Preference shall be given shall not, within a reasonable time to be limited and appointed for that purpose by the said Commissioners, bond Jide pay to them the Sum or Price so set on the said Trees in excess, then and in every such case the said Commissioners shall be at liberty, at their Option, either to assign the fame standing unto such other Persons as shall not have upon their Allotments of Land their due Share and Proportion of the said Oak Trees under the Dimensions aforesaid, and allow unto such Persons a reasonable time for felling and removing the fame, or to cut down and deliver the said Trees in excess unto the Persons so entitled, or to sell and dispose thereof, and that they the said Commissioners shall pay and distribute all the Monies to arise by such several Sales, as soon after it shall come to their Hands as conveniently may be, in just and fair Proportions, unto and amongst such of the said Proprietors of Land in the said Forest or Chase, as shall not have had their due Share and Proportion of the said

Remedy for Persons dissatisfied with the final Award, or Commissioners’ Bills.

General Directions for enabling the Commissioners to render Justice to all Parties cn the Apportionment of the young Trees.

238

c. i vif

A.D. 1801.

For valuing and allott ing the Holly Trees.

Like Compensations may be made in Money for Hollys as for the young Oaks.

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

Oak Trees assigned or delivered to them, so that every Proprietor of Land to be allotted and set out under the Authority of this Act may have and receive in Oak Trees, or in Money, an equal and impartial Benefit, in proportion to their respective Rights.

CXV. And Whereas there are Handing and growing upon some of the open Parts of the said Forest or Chase, great Numbers of Holly Trees of considerable Value, and upon some other of the said open Parts there is no Holly or other Wood growing thereon:

And Whereas it is but reasonable and just that the several Persons to whom the several Allotments of the said open Parts are by

this Act directed to be allotted and set out, should have and re-

ceive a fair and just Participation of Benefit in respect of all such of the said Holly Trees as are of any Value beyond the Expence of grubbing or stocking up the fame ;’ Be it therefore further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall themselves in Person survey and estimate, or cause to be surveyed and estimated, by such Person or Persons, upon Oath, as they shall, by Writing under their Hands, appoint and authorize for that purpose, all such Holly Trees Handing and growing upon the open Parts of the said Forest or Chase, as shall be deemed of any Worth or Value beyond the Expence of grubbing or stocking up the fame; and that in setting out and assigning the several Allotments of the said Forest or Chase, unto and amongst The King’s Majesty and the said several Rectors and Vicars, and the said Freeholders and Copyholders, the said Commissioners shall make and allow unto every of them a fair and just Participation of the said Holly Trees, according to their several and respective Shares and Proportions of the said Forest or Chase, (that is to say,) unto The King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, after the Rate of Four Parts in Ten in Value of all the said Holly Trees; to the said Rector and Vicar of, in

such Proportions as the said Commissioners shall appoint, One Tenth Part in Value of the said Holly Trees in the open Parts of Tutbury Ward; to the Rector and Vicar of in such Proportions

as the said Commissioners shall appoint, One Tenth Part in Value of the said Holly Trees in the open Parts of Ward; to

the Rector of Toxall, One Tenth Part in Value of the said Holly Trees in the open Parts of Toxall Ward; to the Rector of Tatenh'ill One Tenth Part in Value of the said Holly Trees in Barton Ward j and to the said Freeholders and Copyholders, according to their several and respective Rights, after the Rate, in the Gross, of Five Parts in Ten in Value of all the said Holly Trees Handing on the open Parts of the said Forest or Chase.

CXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That wherever it shall so happen that more Holly Trees shall be growing on any Allotment of Land than will fall to the Share of The King’s Majesty, or any other Person or Persons entitled to such Allotment, the said Commissioners shall, and are hereby required, in respect of the said Holly Trees so in excess, to proceed in like manner and Form, and shall have and take all such and the fame Powers, Ways and Means, and the several Persons entitled to such Allotments of Land shall have and be entitled to all such and the like Privileges and Benefits, and be subject to all such Orders and Directions of the said Commissioners, as are herein-before veiled, granted, given or provided in respect of Oak Trees under Six Inches Square in

A.D. 1801.

C. lvi.

239

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

excess, (landing upon any of the said Allotments, to the End and Intent the said Holly Trees, or the Value thereof, may be in all Respects divided in the Shares and Proportions aforesaid, as the said Oak Trees are under the Authority of this Act directed to be divided and apportioned: Provided always, that in setting the Price or Value of the said Holly Trees, due Regard shall be had, and Allowance made and deduced, for the necessary Expences of grubbing or {locking up the fame, and that no Value shall be set on such Holly Trees as are not, in the Judgment of the Persons who shall survey and estimate the fame, worth more than the Colls of grubbing or {locking up respectively; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXVII. And be it further enacted, That wherever any Compensation shall be made in Money to any of the said Proprietors, in lieu of their Share of the small Oak Trees or of the said Holly Trees as aforesaid, the same shall be paid unto the respective Proprietors, entitled to the respective Allotments of Land, in virtue whereof they shall be entitled to receive such Compensation for their Use and Benefit.

CXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Oak or Holly Trees shall be Handing on any Land allotted to any Corporation, Trustees or Feoffees, or other Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, then such Trees shall be sold by or under the Direction of the said Commissioners, and shall be taken away within such time as they shall appoint, and the Money arising from such Sale, and also the Allowance or Compensation to be made by virtue of this Act to the former Owners of any such Trees, which shall be ordered to be left as aforesaid, and also the Surplus Monies herein-before directed to be paid to the several Proprietors as herein-before mentioned, (which Owners or Proprietors shall be a Corporation, or Trustees, Feoffees or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid,) shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be inverted in the Purchase of Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled upon and subject to the like Uses, Trulls and Limitations as the Lands, in respect of which such Trees shall be assigned or Monies paid were settled, limited or assured; and in the mean time, and until such Purchase can be made, such Money shall be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the said Commissioners, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to such Trees, or Monies, either in or towards the Redemption or Purchase of Land Tax, or towards the discharge of any Debts or Incumbrances affecting the Lands or Hereditaments in right whereof such Trees shall be allotted or Surplus Monies paid, or until the fame shall, upon the like Application in a summary Way, be laid out by Order of the said Court in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses; and in the mean time, and until such Order can be made, such Money may, by Order of the said Court, be laid out in some of the Public Funds, or on Government or Real Securities, and the Dividends or Interest arising therefrom

Compensations in Money for Trees to belong to the immediate Owners of the Allotments,

Directing the Application of Purchase Money exceeding Two hundred Pounds.

240

a ivi.

A.D. 1801.

Directing the Application of Purchase Money not exceeding Two hundred Pounds, nor less than Twenty Pounds.

Directing the Application of Purchase Money under 20I.

For discharging Old Inclosures from the Payment of Tithes,

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

shall, by Order of the said Court, be paid to such Person or Persons as would for the time being be entitled to the Rents and Profits of such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments; and in case the said Commissioners shall find any Difficulty in obtaining such Purchase in Lands or Hereditaments, which may be equal in Value to such Sum, amounting to Two hundred Pounds as herein-before directed to be paid into the Bank as aforesaid, or which Purchase may be disadvantageous in other Respects, they the said Commissioners shall apply such Sum of Money towards defraying the Expences of passing and executing this Act, or inclosing and dividing the Lands to be allotted in pursuance hereof, so far as the Proportion of the Party entitled thereto shall amount to; and if there shall be any Surplus of the said Sum of Two hundred Pounds, then and in such case such Surplus shall and may be applied in Diminution of the Sum allowed to be charged upon such Estate after such Application as aforesaid.

CXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any such Money shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in such case the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Trees or Hereditaments so allotted, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in the manner before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said Commissioners, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,) in order that such principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any manner herein-before directed, so far as the case may be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

CXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in such case the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Trees or Hereditaments so allotted in such manner as the said Commissioners shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

CXXI. And be it enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the several and respective Proprietors, Re&ors and Vicars of the several and respective Parishes of Tu, Toxall, Tatenhill, Hampjlall Ridware, Rolleston and for the time being, and

their several and respective Successors, from time to time to compound and agree with any of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements in their respective Parishes, for discharging all or any of such Lands and Tenements from the Payment of Tithes, and of all Modules and Compositions in lieu thereof, and to accept

A.D. 1801.

CM.

241

4l* GEO. III. (U.K.)

in lieu and satisfaction thereof any Land or Ground of equal or greater Value within the said Forest or Chase, or within any of the said Parishes, or such other competent annual Compensation for the same as shall be settled and agreed upon between the said Parties for that purpose; all which Agreements being reduced into Writing*, and duly ligned, sealed and executed by the respective Parties thereto, and being inrolled in His Majesty's Court of Duchy Chamber of Lancaster, shall be for ever thereafter legal, valid and effectual for the purposes aforesaid, to all Intents and purposes, notwithstanding any Infancy, Coverture, Lunacy or other Disability whatsoever, and that such Inrolment, or a Copy thereof, shall be a sufficient Evidence of such Agreement in all Courts of Law and Equity.

CXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no such Agreement to

Agreement to be made for discharging, or which may in anywise be approved affect any Tithes appertaining to the Re&ors of YoxalU TatenhilU tlle Bl,lloP0f Hampfiall Ridnvare and Rolleston, and the Vicars of Tut bury Han- and

bury and Scropton, or any of them, shall be available for discharging '

such Tithes, nor shall in anywise affect the fame, unless such Agreement and Agreements shall be approved by the Bishop of Lichjielcl and Coventry for the time being, testified by his being made a Party thereto, and duly sealing and executing the fame; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case and set forth In any such Agreement or Agreements as aforesaid shall be duly the final Award*

executed before the said Commissioners shall have made their said final Award, and it shall be thereby agreed that any Lands within the said Forest or Chase shall be given or annexed to any of the said Re£tories or Vicarages, in lieu and discharge of any Tithes thereto belonging, and any of the Parties thereto shall be delirous of having the fame recognized and set forth in and by the said final Award, and shall deliver such Agreement to the said Commissioners for that purpose, [then and in every such case the said Commissioners

are hereby authorized and required to Hate and set forth, in and

by their said final Award, the Dates and Contents of every such Agreement, and particularly to describe and set forth the Names of the Parties thereto, and an Account as well of the particular Lands thereby discharged from Tithes, as of the Lands given or assigned in lieu and discharge thereof; and in every such case the said final Award, or a Copy thereof, shall be for ever thereafter deemed and taken as sufficient Evidence of every such Agreement, although such Agreement shall not be enrolled in the manner herein-before directed; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons No Cattle to shall graze or keep, or permit any Horses, Cows or other Beasts, on the Sheep or Lambs, to stray in or over any Roads, Lanes or Passages, R°acts< on either Side whereof any new Fences shall be made under the Authority of this Act, for the Space of Seven Years next after the Execution of the said Award, under any Penalty, not less than Five Shillings, nor exceeding Twenty Shillings for every such Horse, Cow or other Beast; nor less than Two Shillings and Sixpence, nor exceeding Five Shillings, for every Sheep or Lamb, to be set and imposed at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom the Complaint or Information for the same shall be made or 41 Geo. III. ( U.K.) R brought

242

That no Sheep or Lambs shall be kept on the new Inclosures, except under certain Restrictions.

For protecting the Trees and Woods.

C.lvi. 41° GEO. III. A.D. 1801.

brought; and which Penalties shall be paid to the Person or Persons injured, or liable to be injured thereby, and shall be recovered by Application and Complaint to One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the said County of Stafford, not interested in the said Lands and Grounds, who is and are hereby required to summon the Parties concerned, and examine into the Fadts by proper Witnesses on Oath, and after such Summons and Examination he or they may, if he or they shall see cause, order the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons to whom such Bealls, Sheep or Lambs shall belong, or through whose Means or Procurement, Default or Neglect, the Cause of the Complaint shall arise, rendering the Sur* plus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Costs and Charges of taking and making such Distress and Sale.

CXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Sheep or Lambs shall be kept in any new Inclosures to be made and held in Severalty, under the Authority of this Act, during the Space of Seven Years,-to be computed as to the Allotments of His Majesty, and the Owners of Tithes, from the Date of the Commissioners7 First Award; and as to the Residue of the said Forest or Chase, from the Date of the Commissioners7 final Award, or from any earlier time which the said Commissioners shall by any Order in Writing direct, unless the Persons keeping such Sheep or Lambs shall first, at their own Expence, make such additional Fences entirely throughout the Inclosure where such Sheep or Lambs shall be kept, as not only to prevent any Damage being done to their Neighbours7 Quicksets by such Sheep or Lambs, but also effectually to prevent any of such Sheep or Lambs from straying therefrom upon the adjoining Lands or Roads, on Penalty of paying Treble Damages and Costs to the Person and Persons who shall be damnified thereby, to be recovered by Suit of Action in any of His Majesty's Courts of Law, together with Double Costs of Suit.

CXXVI. And, for the better Protection of the Trees, Woods, Underwoods and Covert, growing, or which may hereafter grow, in or upon the said Forest or Chase, as well before as after the same shall be divided by Fences into the several Allotments by this Act directed, be it further enacted, That all Persons whatsoever who shall unlawfully cut down, split, bark, peel, damage, deface, destroy, injure or carry away any Timber Tree, or other Tree, Woods or Underwood, or any Fern, Furze or other Covert within the said Forest or Chase, before the Fences by this Act directed to be made at His Majesty's Expence shall be completed, shall be subject and liable to all such Pains, Penalties and Punishments as such Offenders are or would have been subject or liable to in case this Act had not been made j and in case any such Offence or Offences shall be committed after the said Fences shall be completed, every such Offender or Offenders shall be subject and liable to all such Suits, Actions, Damages, Pains, Penalties and Punishments, as are provided by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, to be brought, given, imposed or inflicted upon any Person or Persons for committing the Tike Offence or Offences in the inclosed Lands, Grounds, Woods or Coppices, being the Property of His Majesty, or any of His Subjects.

A.D. 1801.

C. hi

243

4lo GEO. III. (U.K.)

CXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall, within the Space of Ten Years, to be computed from the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and one, wilfully and unlawfully break down, destroy, carry away or damage, any Gate, Stile, Post, Rail or other Fence, to be put up or placed under the Authority of this Act, or by virtue of any Order or Authority of the said Commissioners for the fencing or convenient feeding or occupying of any Lands within the said Forest or Chase, whether it be before or after the Execution of either of the said Awards hereby directed to be made and executed by them, every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted before any Justice of the Peace in manner herein after directed, shall forfeit and pay for the First Offence whereof he or she shall be so convicted, any Penalty not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings, at the Discretion of such Justice, over and besides the Costs of Conviction, and One Moiety of every such Penalty shall be paid to the Owner of the Gates, Stiles, Polls, Rails or Fence so broken, destroyed or carried away; whether such Owner be the Informer or not; and the other Moiety thereof shall be paid to the Overseer of the Poor of the Township or Place within which the Offence shall be committed, for the Use of the Poor thereof; and in case any such Penalties shall be recovered before the said Commissioners shall have settled and ascertained the Allotments of the said respective Town-ships, then and in every such case the said Moiety thereof shall be paid and disposed of unto and for the Use of such poor Persons as the said Justices shall direct; and in case any Person or Persons so convicted shall again commit a like Offence, whereof he, she or they shall have been so convicted, within the aforesaid Space of Ten \ ears, every such Person shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and on Indictment and Conviction for the fame, shall be transported to such Place as His Majesty in Council shall direct, for the Term of Seven Years; and from and after the Expiration of the aforesaid Term of Ten Years, all Persons guilty of any Breach of Fences in the said Forest or Chase, or the District or Districts thereof, shall be subject to such Pains and Penalties as by Law are in such cases provided.

CXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Penalties by this Act inflicted or directed to be inflicted, or which shall be set or imposed by any Rule or Order to be made under the Authority of this Act, shall be recoverable before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Stafford, not interested in the Premises, on the Confession of the Offender, or on Proof of the Offence, by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, and that the Evidence of any credible Person, either for or against the Party accused, shall be competent, although such Witness or Witnesses shall be an Inhabitant of the Parish, Township, District or Place within which the Offence shall have been committed, or charged so to be; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Justice or Justices upon Information and Complaint, upon Oath made before him or them that any such Offence hath been committed, to cause the Offender and Offenders to be apprehended and brought before him or them, to be dealt with according to Law; and in case on Conviction any such Offender shall not immediately pay down the Penalty and Costs, or find Security to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices for the Payment thereof at a future Day* it shall be

For protecting the Fences.

For Recovery of Penalties.

244

C. lvi.

A.D. 1801.

Convictions not Co be qua (lied for want of Form.-

Appeal to the Exchequer, Duchy Court or Quarter Sessions.

41° GEO. III.

lawful for such Justice or Justices to cause the same to be forthwith levied on the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, or it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, at his or their Discretion, to commit every such Offender to some common Gaol within the said County, there to be kept for any Space of time such Justice or Justices shall direct, not exceeding Three Calendar Months, or until such time as the said Penalty and Costs shall be paid.

CXXIX. And, in order to prevent the quaffing of Convictions of Offenders against this Act for want of Form, be it further enacted, That the Conviction and Convictions of all and every Offenders against this Act shall be certified by the Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom the same shall be made, to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County of Stafford; and that every such Conviction shall be fairly written on Parchment or Paper, in the following Words, as the case shall happen, or in any other Form of Words to the like Effect; (that is to say,)

Staffordshire, 1 1 "O E it remembered, That on the

to wit. J < -f' Day of in the

f Year j JB. was upon the Complaint of

C.D. convicted before of the Justices of the

c Peace for the County of Stafford, in pursuance of an Act passed in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, for dividing, allotting and inclosing, the Forest or i Chafe of Needwood, in the county of , for \_Jlating the

Caffe of Conviction briefly and in a fenv as the case shall be~\. Given under Hand and Seal the Day and Year

above written.’

Which said Conviction shall be good and effectual in Law to all Intents and purposes, and shall not be quaffed, set aside or adjudged void or inefficient for want of any Form of Words whatsoever, or for want of stating, or through the mif-stating, of any Fact or Circumstance whatsoever.

CXXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved by any thing done in pursuance of this Act, (save only in such cases where any other Redress is given by this Act, or the Order or Direction of any other Court, or of any Person or Persons, is directed to be final,) then and in every such case the Party or Parties so aggrieved shall and may appeal, by Petition of Appeal, to the Court of Exchequer, or to the Court of Duchy Chamber, or to the Court of General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held for the County of Stafford, within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, giving reasonable Notice of such Appeal, and of the Cause and Ground thereof; and the said several Courts are hereby authorized to hear and determine the matter of every such Petition of Appeal upon the Merits thereof, and to make such Order therein, and Award such Costs, as to such Courts respectively shall seem reasonable, and By their Order or Warrant to levy the Costs which shall be so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Surplus (if any) to

A.D. 1801.

C. lvij IviL.

245

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale; all which Determinations shall be final and conclusive against all Persons concerned, and shall not be removed or removeable, by Certiorari or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any other of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere.

CXXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Actions, Writs Limitation of and Prosecutions, commenced against any Person or Persons for Actions. any thing to be done under or in pursuance of this Act, shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months after the Fast committed, and shall be laid and tried in the county of , and not otherwise or elsewhere j and that such Persons as shall be prosecuted for any Offence against this Act, or under any Rule or Order to be made by virtue hereof in manner aforesaid, shall not be liable to Prosecution or Presentment for the fame Offence under any other Act of Parliament, or in any of the Courts of the Honor or Manor of Tutbury or elsewhere; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or General ifiTue. Persons shall be sued or prosecuted for any matter or thing which he, file or they shall do in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for every Person so sued or prosecuted to plead the General Issue, and to give the matter in Evidence, without specially pleading the same.

CXXIII. uS-vinS/'c ayS irt0 Thj King’s Most Excellent General Savin& Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all Bodies Politic and Corporate, and their Successors, and to all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, all such Estate, Right, Title, Seigniory, Royalty, Interest, Claim and Demand whatsoever, of, to or within the said Forest or Chase, which are not by this Act extinguished, vacated, destroyed, discharged, annihilated, taken away, lessened, diminished, varied, changed or altered, as they, every or any of them, now have or hath, or might or could have had and enjoyed therein, in case this Act had not been made.

CXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be public Act. adjudged, deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

456.3. c.xli.]

Cap. lvii.

An Act to enable the Corporation of The Royal Exchange Assurance to assure Vessels, Barges, Keels, Boats and other Craft employed in Inland Navigation, and the Goods, Merchandizes and Effects laden therein.

[20th June 1801.]

WHEREAS by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the

Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George x-c*

the First, intituled An Act for better securing certain Powers and

Privileges intended to be granted’, by His, by Two Charters

for Assurance of Ships and Merchandizes at, and for lending Money upon Bottomry, and for refraining several extravagant and

unreasonable Practices therein namedt His said Majesty did, by His

246

A.D. 1801.

and Charter of 2,2d June 1720, to the Royal Exchange. Assurance for insuring Ships and Goods at Sea or going to Sea, and for lending Money on Bottomry.

Corporation empowered to inline Vessels and all other Craft concerned in Inland Navigation and their Cargoes.

General Issue.,

[Public Act.]

C.lvii, lviii, lix. 41° GEO. III. (

Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing

( Date at Westminster the Twenty second Day of June One thousand seven hundred and twenty, incorporate divers Persons therein named, to be a Corporation in Deed and in Name, and to have a 4 perpetual Succession and a Common Seal, by the Name of The Royal TLxchange Assurance for insuring Ships and Goods at Sea, or

going to Sea, and for lending Money upon Bottomry: And Whereas since the granting the said Charter, a very considerable and beneficial Trade has been entered into and carried on, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, by means of Canals, in which are employed Vessels, Barges, Keels, Boats and other Craft;

and it would be a great Benefit to the Public if the said Corporation were enabled to assure the fame, and the Goods, Mer-

chandizes and Effects laden therein; but Doubts have arisen whether the said Corporation have Power so to do May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the said Corporation, called The

Royal Exchange Assurance, and their Successors, from and after the passing of this Act, and for ever thereafter, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to assure Vessels, Barges, Keels, Boats and all other Craft employed in any Inland Navigation in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Goods, Merchandizes and Effects laden therein, from all and every Rilk which may arise from and during the said Navigation.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced, brought or prosecuted again!! the said Corporation of The Royal Exchange Assurance for insuring Ships at Sea, or going to Sea, and for lending Money upon Bottomry, by any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, for or concerning any Assurance or Assurances hereby authorized to be made, or relating to the Powers hereby granted, the said Corporation and their Successors may, in such Action or Suit, plead the General Issue, and give the special matter in Evidence.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and all Judges, Justices and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice of this Act as such, without specially pleading the same.

Cap. lviii.

An Act to enable the Corporation of the London Assurance to allure Vessels, Barges, Keels, Boats and other Craft employed in Inland Navigation, and the Goods, Merchandizes and Effects laden therein.

[20th June 1801.]

[In the fame Terms as the preceding A3, Cap. Ivii.^J

Cap. lix.

Former Acts, ^_n for more effectually repairing, widening, diverting and im-o G 2 c 16. proving the Road leading from Reading, in the County of j 30G. 2.0.53. to Basingstoke, in the County of (e)

18 G. 3. c. ic6.

[20th June 1801.]

all repealed.

A.D. 18oi.

41° GEO. III. C. lx—lxvi.

24/

Cap. lx.

An Act for continuing (b) the Term and altering the Powers of 1 G. 3. c. 40.. Two several Acts made respectively in the First and Twenty 220.3.0.98. second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and maintaining the Road from Dartford to, and other

Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kent, and for other purposes in the said Acts mentioned. £20th June 1801.]

Cap. lxi.

An Act for improving and extending the Navigation of the River Exe, from the public Quay at Exeter to the public Road adjoining Four Mills near Crediton, in the County of Devon, by making a Navigable Canal or Cuts, and deepening and widening such Parts of the Rivers Exe and Credy as shall be necessary for that purpose.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. lxii.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the several Parishes of Saint Michael and the Holy Trinity in the City of Coventry, and County of the same City; and for exempting

the Vicars of the said Parishes from being rated to the Relief of the Poor in respect of certain Assessments.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. lxiii.

An Act to alter, amend and render more effectual an Act passed in *5 G. 3. c. 59. the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled.

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundreds of Mitford and Launditch, in the County of Norfolk.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. lxiv.

An Act for establishing a new Church or Chapel, lately erected in or near Kirkgate Street, within the Town and Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. lxv.

An Act for enlarging and improving the Market Place of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and for making a commodious Street from thence to the River Humber, with a Dock and Wharf, or Dandling Place, for the Ferry and Market Boats belonging and resorting to the said Town.

[20th June 1801.]

Qi Certain Crown Lands in Hull sold to the, $6.]

Cap. lxvi.

An Act for enlarging and improving the Market Place within the Town of Rotherham, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for widening and rendering more commodious the Streets and Avenues leading thereto; and for cleansing, lighting and regulating the Streets and other public Passages and Places within the said Town.

[20th June 1801.]

R 4<

24S

28 G.3. c. 78.

35 G.3. c. 52.

5 G. 2. C. II.

25 G. 2. c. 44. 3 G.3. c. 42. 18 G. 3. c. 20.

See 33 G. 3. c. 91

36 G.3. c. 71. and c. 96.

See 33 G. 3. c. 80.

34 G.3. c. 24.

C.lxvii—lxxi. 41° GEO. III. A.D. 1801.

Cap. lxvii.

An Act for continuing ( e) and amending an Act passed in the Twenty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled*

An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two of the Twelfth and Nineteenth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, made for building a temporary Bridge, and completing a new Stone Bridge over the River Tyne, between the Town Newcastle upon Tyne and Gateshead, in the County of Durham, and making the Avenues to and the Passages over the fame more commodious; and for removing

and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances in the, Lanes or

Avenues leading to the said new Stone, within the Town of

Gateshead, in the County of Durham; and for enabling the Trustees named in the said Act to widen and enlarge the said new Stone Bridge.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. lxviii.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Wilts and Berks Canal Navigation, to raise Money for the completing the said Canal; and to alter, explain and amend the Act passed in the Thirty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal.

[20th June 1801.]

f [200,000l. See 50 G.3. c. cxlviii. 55 G. 3. vi.J

Cap. lxix.

An Act for further continuing the Duties and altering the Powers granted by Four Acts made in the Fifth and Twenty fifth Years of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third and Eighteenth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of Scarin the County of York.

[20th June 1801.]

[Recited ABs continued for Twenty Tears from the End of the

former Term. The said Acts, together with this ABy altered and enlargedy 46 G.3. c. xxxiii.J

Cap. Ixx.

An Act to authorize the Company of Proprietors of the Ellesmere Canal to extend the said Canal from the Whitchurch Branch thereof, at or near certain Water Corn Mills called The New Millsy in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the county of , to and to communicate with the Chester Canal, in the Township of, in the Parish of Adon, in the County of Chefer; and for altering and amending the several Acts passed for making and maintaining the said Ellesmere Canal.

[20th June 1801.]

[Amended 42 G.3. c. xx. See 44 G. 3. c. liv. See 50 G. 3. c. xxiv. United with the Cheller Canal, and now called the Ellesmere and Cheller Canals, 53 3. c. lxxx.3

Cap. lxxi.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Junction Canal more effectually to provide for the Discharge of their Debts, and to complete the whole of the Works to be

A.D. 1801.

249

41° GEO. III. lxxi—lxxvii.

executed by them, in pursuance of the several Acts of the Thirty 35 third, Thirty fourth, Thirty fifth, Thirty sixth and Thirty eighth 4JJ(W Years of the Reign of His present Majesty; and for altering and 280*3.' enlarging the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts.

[20th June 1801.]

[See 4.3 G.3- c. viii. 45 G. 3. c. lxviii. 51 3. c.clxix. 52 G3.

c. cxl. 58 G.3. c-xvi.]

Cap. lxxii.

An Act for draining, preserving from Water, and improving certain Low Lands and Grounds, lying within the several Parishes or Chapelries of North Wooton, Pill on, West

Barton Saint Davids, Butleigh, Street Glaston Saint John,

Saint Benedict, Walton, Allocot, Sha Catcott,

Chilton, Edington, CoJJington, Woolavington Eq/i Brent,

South Brent, Mark, IVedmore, Meare,

Baddifham, Chapel Allerton, Were, Puriton, Pa volet, and the Out Parish of Saint Cuthbert, in Wells, all in the County of Somerset.

[20th June 1801.]

---

Cap. lxxiii.

An Act for draining and improving certain Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Leverington and Leverington Parson Drove, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. lxxiv.

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, embanking and improving the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Commons and Waste Grounds, in the Township of Ashby, in the Parish of Bottesford, in the County of Lincoln.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. lxxv.

An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Field, Commonable Marsh Lands, Half Year Shack Lands, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of South Walsham Saint Lawrence and South Walsham Saint Mary, in the County of Norfolk; and for draining and preserving the same.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. lxxvi.

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining and preserving the Open Fields, Marsh Lands, Commons, Fens and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Potter Heigham, in the County of Norfolk.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. lxxvii.

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining and improving several Common Moors, called Sydney Moor, Small Moor, Rodway Moor, Waters Upton Moor, and other Commons and Waste Lands within the several Parishes of Rockwardine, Eyton, Kinnersley, and Waters Upton, in the County of Salop, and within the several Townships of Crudgeington and Sleap, in the Parish of High Ercall, otherwise Ercall Magna, in the same County.

[20th June 1801.]
---
cc. 8.

c. 25.

xxxiii

250

C. lxxviii—lxxxii, 4 GEO. III. (77.

A.D. 1801.

*5 G.2. c. 33. i8 G. 3. c. 107.

9 G. t. c. 14.

28 G. 2. c. 42. 21 G.3. c. 77.

30 G. 3. c. 89.

26 G. 2. c. 84. 19 G.3. c. 113.

26'G. 2. c. 67. 19 G.3. c. 106.

Cap. lxxviii.

An Act for enlarging (c) the Term and Powers of Two Acts, paired in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Morpeth, by or through Throppley Long Witton

and by the North Side of Rothley Park Wall to Sting CroJsf and to the High Cross in Hfdony in the County of Northumberland.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. lxxix.

An Act for continuing for Twenty one Years, (a) and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Three Acts, passed in the Ninth and Twenty eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for amending and keeping in Repair such Part of the Roads described in the said Act of the Twenty eighth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, as leads from the End of Culham Bridge next to

in the County of Oxford, to the End of Burford Bridge next to Abingdon, in the County of Berk and from the Mayor’s Stone at the End of Boar Street, in the Town of Abingdon aforesaid, to Shippon, in the said County of Be, and from thence to the West End of the Town of Fyfieldtin the same County.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. lxxx.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the South Eiftrid or Division of the Roads from in the County of

Hertford, to Wandesford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon; and for continuing ( e) and amending an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the said Act relates to the said District.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. lxxxi.

An Act for continuing for Twenty one Years, (,) and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Spann, in the

Township of Elton, through the Town of Middlenvichy and by Spittle Hill in Stanthorn, to Winsford Bridge, and from Spittle Hill to the Town of Northwich, in the County Palatine of Chester.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. lxxxii.

An Act for continuing for Twenty one Years, (7) and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts made in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King t the Second,

and

A.D. 1801.

251

41° GEO. III. ( XJ.) C.lxxxii—lxxxvil.

and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the East End of Brough under Stainmore, in the County of ejlmorlandy by the

End of Appleby Bridge, to Eamont Bridge, in the said County.

[20th June 1801.]

[ Term made to cease, 57 G. 3. e.xviii.]

Cap. lxxxiii.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Rugby, in the County of Warwick, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Lutterworth to Market Harborough, in the Counties of Leicester and Northampton, (r) [20th June iSoi.J

Cap. lxxxiv.

An Act to continue for Twenty one Years, (,) and from thence to 2,6 G. a. c. 78. the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and 20 G. 3. c. 67. alter the Powers of Two Acts, one pasted in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act to widen and repair the Road from the Guide Post near the End of Drayton Lane near Banbury, the County of Oxford, to the House called the Sun rising at the Top of Edge Hill, in the County of Warwick; and the other, pasted in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. lxxxv.

An Act for continuing for Twenty one Years, ( and from thence 31 G. 2.0.65. to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and 2,0 3* c' "c*

altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, pasted in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, so far as the fame Acts relate to the Road from the Market House in Tetbury to the Turnpike Road on Minchin-hampton Common, and from the said Road in Minchinhampton Field unto the Turnpike Road from Cirencester to Stroud, near Burnt Ash, and from the said Turnpike Road to Mill

Pond in Chalford Bottom, and through Hide to the Bottom of the Bourne Hill, in the County of Gloucester, and for repairing, altering and improving the Road from Tayloe’s Mill Pond aforesaid to Foston’s Ash, in the Parish of Bijley, in the said County of Gloucester.

[20th 1801.]

Cap. lxxxvi.

An Act for extending and enlarging the Powers, and increasing the Rates and Duties of the Corporation of the Trinity House of Newcastle upon Tyne, and for better regulating the Port of -castle.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. lxxxvii.

An Act for continuing for Twenty one Years, (d) and from thence aoG. 3. c. 95. to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and

altering

252

A.D. 1801.

31 G.a. n G. 3.

26 G. 2. 19 G. 3-

33 G.a. 18 G. 3.

3Z G. 2. 2 0 G.3.

C. lxxxvii—xci. 41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the Road from in the Town of Melton

Mowbray, in the county of , to the Town of

in the County of Lincoln.

[20th June iBoi.]

Cap. lxxxviii.

C67. An Act to continue for Twenty one Years, (<2) and from thence to c'/7‘ the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Thirty first. Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for widening and repairing several Roads leading from the Welsh Gate and Cotton Hilly in the Town of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop; and for making and maintaining a new Branch of Road from the present Road from to

at or near the Tenth Mile Stone, to, or near to Hally

in the County of Montgomery.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. lxxxix.

c. 54. An Act to continue for Twenty one Years, and from thence to c-9<^ the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Flimwell Vent, in the Parish of Ticehurjly in the County of to the Town and Port of Hajl, in the said County.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. xc.

c. 50. An Act to continue for Twenty one Years, (cl) and from thence to c. 86. the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Bars at Houghton, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to -

church, and from thence to in the County of Salopf

and several other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from Whitchurch aforesaid, through Ternhilly to Newport aforesaid, being the Second District of Roads in the said Acts mentioned.

[20th June 1801.]

[ Continued as to Newport Dislrift of Second Divisiony 52 3.

c. lxxxix.3

Cap. xci.

c*37*~ An Act for continuing (c) the Term and Powers of Two Acts, c,l2, passed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Mansji in the County of Nottingham, through the Towns of Pleafley, Glapwell Heath, and Normentony and the Liberty of Haflandy to the Turnpike Iload leading from

253

A.D. 1801. 4i° GEO. III. ci—xcv.

the Town of Derby to the Town of, in the County of

Derby.

[20th June 1801.]

[Continued for Twenty one Tea, 55 G.3. xvi.J

Cap. xcii.

An Act for continuing for Twenty one Years, (a) and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the First and Tenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from the East End of West Taph, to the Borough of ZAJheard, and from thence to the Combe Rowe, and several

other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. xciii.

An Act for continuing for Twenty one Years, (,) and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, palfed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Town of Wrexham to the Towns of Ruthin and Denbigh, in the County of Denbigh, and amending, widening, altering, improving and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the said Town of Ruthin, into the Turnpike Road from Corwen to Llanrwjl, at or near a certain House called Cernioge Mawr, in the Parish of Llanyfydd, in the said County.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. xciv.

An Act to continue for Twenty one Years, (a) and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for making and maintaining a Road from Tiltups Inn, in the Parish of Horsley, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Cirencester to Dudbr 'tdge, at or near, in the Parish of

Rodborough, and from the Bridge at, in the Parish of

Avening, to Minchinhampton Common, and several other Roads therein mentioned, all in the county of , and for altering

some Parts of the said Roads.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. xcv.

An Act to continue (r) the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts made in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Stockbridge, in the county of , to the City

of Winchester, and from the said City through Bellmour Lane to

the Top of Stephen’s Castle Downy near the Town of Waltham, in the said County, and from the said City of Winchester,

through

1 G. 3. c. is*

10 G. 3. c. 87.

32 G. 2. c. 55.

20 G. 3. C. 97.

40 G. 3. c. 84.

31 G. 4. c. 7 40 G. 3. c. 90.

-5-i C. xcv—c. 41° GEO. III. (£/./£) A.D. 1801.

through Ottorborne, to i?#r Gtfhr, in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton.

[20th 1801.]

[&tf42 G. 3. t.lii.]

xcvi.

33 c*37r* An Act for continuing for Twenty one Years, (a) and from thence

to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repairing, diverting and turning the Road from Hurdlow House, through Buxton, in the County of Derby, and Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, and also the Road from Hernestone Lane Head, and from Sparrow Pit Gate, through Chapel en le Frith, all in the said County of Derby, to the last mentioned Road at Whaley, in the said County of Chester; and for making and repairing a new Branch of Road from the said Turnpike Road at or near Barmoor Clough, near the Town of Chapel en le Frith aforesaid, to Fairfeld near Buxton aforesaid.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. xcvii.

31 G. 3. 0,58. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act passed in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation and Government of the Company of Cutlers, within the Liberty of, in the County of

York, and within Six Miles of the said Liberty, and of their Journeymen and Apprentices.

[20th June 1801.]

xcviii.

An Act for making, widening and repairing the Road from the Old Bridge in the Town of in the County of Che/ler,

through the several Townships of Stockport, Ojferton and

to or near Marple Bridgef all in the said County; and a Branch from the said Road, in the Township of Marple aforesaid, through the Village of New Millsy to or near

both in the County of Derby, and another Branch from or near Thornfet Gate aforesaid, through the Village of New Mills aforesaid, to or near the present Road, in the Township of, in the said County of Chester. ( )

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. xcix.

»6 G. 3. c. 130. An Act for continuing for Twenty one Years, (,) and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for more effectually repairing the Road from the Black Bull Inn, in Dunstable, in the County of Bedford, to the Way turning out of the said Road up to House^y

in the County of Hertford.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. c.

An Act for vesting in Trustees all the Real Estates late of Nathaniel Matthew Knapp Esquire, deceased, which, by his

A.D. 1801. 41° GEO. III. ( U.K’.) C.c— cvL 255

Will, were devised in drift Settlement, to the Intent that proper Parts thereof may be sold for discharging the Incumbrances affecting the same Real Estates, and that the Residue of the Money, if any, arising by such Sale, may be inveded in the Purchase of other Lands, and that the Lands to be so purchased, and also such Part of the Lands to be veded in Trustees as aforesaid, as shall not be fold, may be settled to the Uses contained in the Will of the said Nathaniel Matthew Knapps concerning his Real Estates devised in drift Settlement.

[20th June 1801.]

[See44 G.3. cAi.]

Cap. ci.

An Act for vesting the settled Estates of John Henry Maw of

JVarmsworth, in the County of York, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the clear Monies thence arising, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses.

[20th June 1801^3

Cap. cii.

An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised. by the Will of Thomas Buncombe Esquire in Trustees, to be sold, and for

laying out the Monies to arise therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

[20th June 1 Soi.J

Cap. ciii.

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the most Honourable James Marquis of Salisbury in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Purchase Money in discharging of a Mortgage thereon, and for confirming the Settlement of the Residue of such Estates, and declaring the same to be a Satisfaction of his Marriage Articles, and for appointing a new Trudee indead of one deceased.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. civ.

An Act to confirm, and render valid and effectual, a Partition of divers Lands and Hereditaments in the several Counties of land, Lincoln and Leicester, late the' Estates of Joseph Grazier, deceased, and also of divers Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Northampton, late the Estates of Robert Adcock, Grazier, deceased.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. cv.

An Act for effectuating Exchanges between the Trustees of the Guildhall Feoffment, in Bury Saint, in the County of

Suffolk, and Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury Baronet.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. cvi.

An Act for vesting certain settled Estates of William Morton Pitt See 1 SG.%. Esquire, in the County of Dorset, in Trustees, to be sold, and Private Acts, for laying out the whole Money thence arising, under the Direction c-61

256

C. cvi—cxii. 41° GEO. III. A.D. 1801.

of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses.

[20th 1801.]

Cap. cvii.

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the Right Honourable Henry Thomas Earl of, in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset,'in Trustees, to be sold, and for settling other

Estates of the said Earl, in the said County of and in the County of Dorset, in lieu thereof.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. cviii.

An Act for enabling Edward Constable Esquire, of Burton Constable, in Holderness, in the County of fork, Tenant for Eife, under the Will of his late Uncle William Constable Esquire, deceased,. to charge his Estates in the said County of York, or some Part thereof, with the Sums therein mentioned, and also for enabling the Trustees in the said Act to raise, with the Consent of the said Edward, during his Life, and after his Decease, in such manner as therein is mentioned, certain Sums of Money for the protecting, improving and increasing the fame Estates, by the means therein described.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. cix.

An Act for vesting Two Freehold Messuages in Lombard, in the City of London, Part of the Estates devised by the Will of the Right Honourable Charles Lord Viscount Irwin deceased, in Trustees, for Sale, and for investing the Money to arise from such Sale, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Real Estates in England, to be settled to the Uses of the said Will.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. cx.

An Act for vesting Part of the Estates of the Reverend George Huddleston Purefoy Jervoise, devised by the Will of Trijlram Huddleston Jervoise Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for

laying out the Money to arise therefrom, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. cxi.

An Act for vesting the Estates of John Fit%geralcl Esquire, commonly called The Knight of Glinn, situate in the County of Limerick, in Trustees, for raising, by Sale or Mortgage, Monies sufficient to pay off Incumbrances.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. cxii.

An Act to enable the Curate of the Chapelry of, in the

Parish of Jarrow, in the County of Durham, to grant a Building Lease of a certain Parcel of Ground lying contiguous to the Town of South Shields, in the said County, and belonging to the said Chapelry.

[20th June 1801.]

A.D. 1 SOX. 4-1° GEO. III. (U.K.) cxiii--cxix. 257

Cap. cxiii.

An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the several Common Waste and Heath Lands, commonly known by the Names of the Great and Little Heaths, otherwise, and Dyval, lying within the several Parishes of Saint John the in Cardiff, Landaff, WhitchurchRoath and the County of Glamorgan.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. cxiv.

An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing certain Commons and

Waste Lands, in the Township of Ticklertwithin the Parish of Eatonyin the County of Salop.

[20th June 1801.]

Cap. cxv.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Thirty third 33 G. 3. c. 99. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Communication from the JunEtion of the River Fofs with the River Ouse, at or near the City of York, to Stillington Mill, in the Parish of Stillington, in the North Riding of the County of York, and for draining and improving certain Low Lands, lying on each Side of the said River Fofs, so far as the said Act relates to the said Navigation, and for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the said Navigation to complete the same.

[23d June 1801.]

Cap. cxvi.

An Act for draining, dividing and inclosing a Common, called Crowland Common, or Goggushland, and certain Open Half Years Meadow, Commonable and Waste Grounds, called The Washes and Fodder Lots, in, adjoining or near the Township of Crowland, in the County of Lincoln.

[23d June 1801.]

[Amended, 58 G.3. c. lxxvii.]

Cap. cxvii.

An Act for repairing the Road from the North End of Bridgeford 27 G. 2. c. 39. Lane, in the County of Nottingham, to the Bowling Green at 20 ® .3. c. 81. Kettering, in the County of Northamptonand for repealing Two rePea^ed*

Acts passed for repairing the said Road, (e) £23d June 1801.

Cap. cxviii.

An Act for repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester to N G*2-c* 3°* Peterborough, in the County of Northampton and for repealing 14 G. 3. C. 113. Two Acts passed for repairing the said Road. (<?) repealed.

[23d June 1801.]

Cap. cxix.

An Act for vesting certain Estates in the County of Norfolk, strictly entailed by the Will of Horatio late Earl of Orford, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising therefrom, in the first Place, in Discharge of the Incumbrances affecting the same, and the Residue thereof in the 4«1 Geo. III. (U.K.) S pur-

258 C.cxix, cxx. 41° GEO. III. ( A.DH801\

Purchase of other Estates in the county of , to be

settled to the same Uses.

[23d 1801.]

cxx.

An Act for the Establishment of Schools for the Education of Poor Children, in the County Palatine of

[23 d 1801.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in this present Session of

C. X2. of the Parliament *, intituled An Act for dividing and inclosing Private A£h. < certain Moors, Commons or TraSs of JVafe, and Two

Parcels of Ground called the Intack or Cow Pasture, and Shaw

Wood, within the several Towof Framwellgate and Witton Gilbert, and in the several Manors of Chester and Lanchester,

in the County Palatine of Durham, and for all Right

of Common in certain inclosed Intertommon Lands within the Townships of Framwellgate and Witton Gilbert it is

‘ among other things enacted, that the Commissioners thereby appointed should set out, allot and appoint unto the Honourable and Right Reverend Father in God Shute Lord Bishop of

and his Successors, as Lord and Lords of the Manors of Chester and Lanchester aforesaid, in full Compensation and Satisfaction for his and their Right and Interest of, in and to the Soil of the said

Moors, Commons or Waste Lands, and for his Consent to the said Division, Allotment and Inclosure, one full Forty eighth Part or Share in Value (the Quantity, Quality and Situation of the Land being considered} of and in the said Moors, Commons or Tracts of Waste Lands called Framwellgate, High BraJJide

Low BraJJide Moor, Harberhouse Moor, and Wellfprings Moory situated in the said Tbwnship of and of and in the

ftiid Moors, Commons or Tracts of Waste Land, called

Hill Moor and Potter Moor; and also of and in the Moor,

Common or Tfaft of Waste Land therein mentioned, to be called Charlow Moor ;and should also set out, allot and appoint, unto the said Lord Bishop of Durham and his Successors, One Twenty fourth Part or Share in Value (the Quantity, Quality and Situation of the Land being considered) of and in the fame several Moors, Commons or Tracts of Waste Land; And Whereas the Compensation heretofore made upon the Inclosure of Commons and Waste Lands in the said County of Durham to the Lord Bishop of Durham for the time being, as Lord of any Manor for and in lieu of the Soil of such Commons and Waste Lands, has usually been a certain Annual Rent or Sum of Four pence or Sixpence an Acre charged upon all the Commons and Waste Lands intended to be inclosed; and upon the Increase of such Compensation to One Forty eighth Part and One Twenty fourth Part,

making together One Sixteenth Part of the said Commons and Waste Lands directed to be inclosed by the said recited Act, it was the Delire and Intention of the said Lord Bishop (in case the fame could be properly and legally done) that only the said One Forty eighth Part of the said Moors, Commons and Waste Lands (being deemed equivalent to an annual Rent of Sixpence an Acre) should go and be held as Part of the Episcopal Estate of the See of Durham; and that the said One Twenty fourth Part of the

A.D. 1801.

C. cxx.

259

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

the said Moors, Commons and Waste Grounds, should be and continue vested in the Lord Bishop of Durham for the time being, in Trust for the Establishment and Maintenance of One or more School or Schools, for the religious and virtuous Education

of poor Children of the said County Palatine of in

Habits of Jnduftry and good Order, and for instructing them in the Principles of Christianity, and in Reading, Writing, Arithmetic and otherwise, so as to prepare and qualify them for useful Employment and Occupation in Life: And Whereas such Schools are very much wanted within the said County Palatine of

and would be of very great and important Benefit; but such Appropriation of the said Allotment of One Twenty fourth Part cannot be permanently made without the Authority of Parliament May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Allotment of One Twenty fourth Part of the said Moors, Commons or Waste Lands, so directed to be made to the said Lord Bishop of Durham and his Successors as aforesaid, shall be and remain vested in the said Lord Bishop of Durham and his Successors for ever, in Trust for the Establishment and Maintenance of One or more School or Schools for the religious and virtuous Education of poor Children of the said County Palatine of Durham, in Habits of Industry and good Order, and for instructing them in the Principles of Christianity, and in Reading, Writing, Arithmetic and otherwise, so as to prepare and qualify them for useful Employment and Occupation in Life.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Lord Bishop of Durham, or the Lord Bishop of Durham for the time being, shall and may and he is hereby required (with the Assent and Concurrence of the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Keeper of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being, and the Lord High Treasurer, or in case of a Vacancy of that Office, the Chancellor of His Majesty's Exchequer for the time being, and the Lord President of His Majesty's Privy Council for the time being, or any Two of them) within Twelve Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, to make and establish such Laws and Regulations for the Conduct and Management of such School or Schools as aforesaid, and for the veiling the Government thereof in the Lord Bishop of Durham for the time being (as President thereof), the Lord Lieutenant of the said County Palatine of Durham for the time being, and the Two Knights of the Shire serving in Parliament for the said County Palatine for the time being, concurrently with such Inhabitants of the said County Palatine, and such other Persons as within Six Calendar Months after the passing of this Act shall have become Subscribers or Contributors to the Funds of such School or Schools to the Amount of One Guinea or more a Year each, or of Ten Guineas or more in One Sum; and for the Election or Appointment, and Qualification, as well of the future Governors thereof as of the Committees for the Management and Direction of such School or Schools, and also for the Variation of any of their Laws and Regulations, and

The Allotment of the One 24th Part of Commens to the Bishop of Durham, under recited Act, shall remain veiled in him, and his Successors, in Trust for the Establishment of Schools.

The Bishop of Durham, with the Concurrence of other Peiicns, empowered to make Regulations (or the Management of the Schools.

260

C. cxx-cxxii.

A.D. 1801.

Expences of the Act.

General Saving.

[Public Act.]

8 G. 3. c. 51.

25 G. 3. c. 118.

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

generally for providing for the future Government of such School or Schools, in such manner as the said Lord Bishop, with such Assent and Concurrence as aforesaid, shall deem to conduce moil to the Extension of useful and religious Education and Instruction among such poor Children as aforesaid, and thereby to the Prevalence of Industry, Virtue and Religion, in the said County Palatine of Durham*

III. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges and Expences incurred in preparing, obtaining and passing this Act, shall be paid and defrayed by and out of the Rents and Profits of the said Trust Premises, or by Sale or Mortgage of a competent Part thereof, as the Lord Bishop of Durham for the time being shall direct cr appoint.

IV. Saving always to The King’s roost Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her and their Heirs, Successors, Executors and Administrators, (other than and except the said Lord Bishop of Durham and his Successors, Bishops of

Durham,) all such Estates, Rights, Titles, Claims and Demands, as they, every or any of them, had or enjoyed of, in and to, or in respect of the Premises, or any of them, or could, might or ought to have had or enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges and Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without the fame being specially pleaded.

Cap. cxxi.

An Act for vesting the Fee Simple and Inheritance of and in the Real Estates devised by the Will of Mary Pugh Widow, deceased, situate in the Counties of Carnarvon and in Trustees, and

their Heirs, upon Trust, to complete the Sales of such Parts thereof as have been fold under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, and by the like Directions to fell other competent Parts thereof, for the Payment of the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the same Estates, and for laying out the Surplus of the Money (if any) to arise from such Sales in the manner and for the purposes therein expressed. £23d June 1801.]

Cap. cxxii.

An Act to continue for Twenty one Years ( and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Eighth and Twenty fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bishop's Castle, and from Montgomery to the Turnpike Road at Westbury, and from Brockton to the Turnpike Road at

in the several Counties of Salop, Radnor and, and feve-

ral other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Salop and Montgomery; and also for widening, repairing, altering and diverting other Roads in the said Counties of Salop and Montgomery.

[24th June 1801.]

A.D. 1801. 41° GEO. III. (U.K.) C.cxxiii—cxxviii.

261

Cap. cxxiii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Turnpike Road leading from Bolton to Blacat or near to the Lamb Inn, otherwise Fletcherys Public House, in the Township of

Sharpies, in the Parish of Bolton in the * to the Turnpike Road leading from Preston to Blackburn aforesaid, at or near to Brindle Lane End, otherwise Fool End, in the Township of Hoghton, in the Parish of Leylandall in the County Palatine of Lancaster. (b)

[24th June 1801.]

Cap. cxxiv.

An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of *, in the County of Lincoln.

[24th June 1801.]

Cap. cxxv.

An Act for enabling Matthias Koops Gentleman, to assign the Benefit of an Invention of making Paper from Straw and other Substances to a greater Number of Persons than is at present limited by the Letters Patent granted to the said Matthias

[27th June 1801.]

Cap. cxxvi.

An Act for paving, ileaning, cleansing, watering, lighting, watching and’ regulating the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Passages and Public Places, within the Parish of Bathwicin the County of and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments and Obstructions, and for establishing a proper and effective Police therein.

[27th June 1801.]

Cap. cxxvii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from* or from near the Town of Croydon, in the County of into the Grand Surrey Canal, in the Parish of Saint Deptford, in the County of Surrey, and for supplying the Towns of

Streatham and Dulwich, and the District called Norwood, in the Parish of Croydon, in the said County of * and the Town of Sydenham, in the County of Ar«/,with Water from the said Canal.

[27th June 1801.]

[_.Empowered to raise 30,000l., 48 3? xviii.; amended

51 G. 3. c. xi.]

Cap. cxxviii.

An Act for draining, dividing (f), allotting and inclosing Deeping,

Langtoft, Baston, Spalding, Pinchbeck and Cowbit Commons, within the Parts of Kesteven and Holland in the County of Lincoln, and olc.'x. c. also for draining Crowland Common, or Goggushland, and certain 11 G. a.

Lands and Grounds in the Parishes of Bourn and Thurlby, adjoin- 5 G. 3. c.

(t) [. Altered and repealedfofar as the same relates to the 14

son of the said Commons, 46 3. 73. prd]

17

li.

15Jr.

39-

86. pr. Aljr. :.23.

262

C. cxxviii—cxxxiii. 41° GEO. III. (K.) A.D. 1801.

ing or lying contiguous to the North Bank of the River Glen, and certain inclosed Lands in Deeping Fen and in the Parishes of Spalding and Pinchbeck, adjoining to the said Commons, and lying between the Rivers Glen and Well and also for rendering more effectual several Acts of Parliament heretofore passed for draining and preserving the several Lands, Grounds and Commons herein-before mentioned, or certain Parts thereof.

[27 th June 1801.]

Cap. cxxix.

An Act for amending, widening, improving and keeping in Repair the Road leading from Paddington to Harrow on the in the County of Middlesex. (e)

[27th June 1801.]

Cap. cxxx.

An Act for paving, cleaning, watering, lighting and otherwise improving the Streets, Lanes and other public Passages and Places within the Parishes of Saint Giles and Saint Mary Magdalen, in Stony Stratford, in the County of * and for removing

and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and also for repairing the Rampart Road or causeway from the said Town to the Bridge over the River Ouse, in or near thereto, and for repairing the said Bridge; and likewise for felling certain Charity Estates situate in the said Town of Stony Stratford, and in the Parishes of Calverton and, in the said County of Buckingham, and applying the Money arising by such Sale in the manner therein mentioned.

[2d July 1801.]

Cap. cxxxi.

An Act for forming, paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering and otherwise improving and keeping in Repair, the Streets, Squares and other public Passages and Places which are and shall be made upon certain Pieces or Plots of Ground in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, belonging to the Right Honourable Ann Dowager Baroness

[2d July 1801.]

[This Act explained and amended, 43 G. 3. c. cxxxix. See

55 G-3- xxv0

Cap. cxxxii.

An Act for completing the Common Gaol now building in and for the City of Winchester, and for purchasing certain Buildings within the said City for widening the Avenues thereto.

[2d July 1801.]

Cap. cxxxiii.

An Act for vesting, for a limited Time, in the Reverend Edmund Cartwright Clerk, Master of Arts, his Executors, Administrators and Assigns, the sole Property in certain Machinery by him invented for Woolcombing.

[2d July 1801.]

A.D. 1801. 41° GEO. III. (U.K.) C.cxxxiv—cxxxviii. 263

Cap. cxxxiv.

An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Seventh Year of 7 g. 3. c. 97. the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act improving the Navigation of the River Hull and Frodingham Beck, from Aike Beck Mouth to the Clough on the Corner of Fisholme; and for extending the said Navigation from the said Clough into or near the Town of Great Driffield, the East Riding of the County of York; and to extend and improve the said Navigation.

[2d July 1801.]

[Amended, and Powers enlarged, 57 G. 3. c. lxiv.]

Cap. cxxxv.

An Act for the better and more effectually draining certain Tracts See O, 3. of Land called Wildmore Fen, and the West and East Fens, in c- 3*» the County of Lincoln, and also the Low Lands and Grounds in the several Parishes, Townships and Places, having right of Common on the said Fens, and other Low Lands and Grounds lying contiguous or adjoining thereto.

[2d July 1801.]

[$££ as to dividing and allotting the said Fens, cc. cxli, cxlii.po/?.

This Act in part repealed, 43 G.3. c. cxviii.; in further part

repealed, 58 G. 3. c. lx.]

Cap. cxxxvi.

An Act for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty 36 G. 3. c. 99. sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, for the more effectually embanking, draining, preserving and improving certain Low Lands and Grounds, lying and being in the several Parishes or Townships of Everton, Scaftworth,

ley on the Hill, Mifterton and Walkeringham in the County of Nottingham.

[2d July 1801.]

[ Powers of this Act enlarged, 53 G. 3. clx.]

Cap. cxxxvii.

An Act for continuing for Twenty one Years (a), and from thence ai G. 3. c. 87. to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term, and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Twenty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from a certain Gate on the Turnpike Road at or near the South End of the Town of Weston on the Green, in the County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road on Kidlington Green, in the said County.

[2d July 1801.]

Cap. cxxxviii.

An Act for empowering certain Trustees therein named, to carry into Execution an Agreement made by Arthur Annesley of Park, in the County of Oxford, Esquire, and Thomas Bradford, of Allodown Park, in the County of Sussex, Esquire, for the Sale of the settled Estates of the said Arthur, situate in the County of York, discharged of the Limitations created by his Marriage Settlement, and to lay out a Part of the Monies to arise from the Sale thereof in paying off certain Incumbrances affecting S 4 a Part

264 C. cxxxviii—cxl. A.D. 1801.

Will of Sir George Downing, dated 20th

Dec. 1717.

41° GEO. III.

a Part of the Estates to which the said Arthur of

ington, and his Issue Male, are entitled under the Will of Arthur Annesley, late of Lincoln's Inn Fields* Esquire, deceased, and other Part thereof in the Purchase of Estates situate in the said County of Oxford, or in the adjoining Counties, to be settled to the same

Uses as by the said Settlement are limited concerning the settled Estates of the said Arthur Annesley of * in the said County of Oxford) and for other purposes.

[2d July 1801.]

Cap. cxxxix.

An Act for confirming certain Indentures of Lease and Release, dated the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Days of August One thousand seven hundred and ninety five, whereby several Manors and Real Estates late of Sir Nicholas Hackett Baronet, deceased,

situate in the County of Surrey, were conveyed upon certain Trusts in such Indentures mentioned; for enabling the Trustees named in the said Indentures to convey, settle and assure the said Manors and Real Estates to certain remaining Uses, conformable to the last Will and Testament of the said Sir Nicholas Hackett for enabling Richard Carew Esquire, and the successive remaining Takers under the said Will, to grant Leases of the said Real Estates; for veiling certain Parts of the said Real Estates in Trustees, in Trull, to be sold; for authorizing the Sale, Release or Extinguishment of the several Quit Rents, Heriot Rights and other Dues, payable by the Freehold, of and Customary Tenants of the said Manors respectively; and also the enfranchising or reducing to small Fines certain, the several Customary or of Estates holden of the same Manors respectively; and for applying the Monies arising by the said matters respectively in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments to be settled to the same Uses.

[2d July 1801.]

Cap. cxl.

An Act for changing the Scite of Downing College, in the University of Cambridge, and for providing a Fund for the Purchase of such Scite, and erecting the proper Buildings thereon.

[2d July 1801.]

WHEREAS Sir George Downing, late of in the County of Cambridge, Baronet, deceased, by his last Will and Testament, bearing Date on or about the Twentieth Day of December, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and seventeen, gave and devised all and singular his Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, both Freehold and of, as well as Leasehold, for Years, in the several Counties of Cambridge, Bedford and, and elsewhere, with

their Appurtenances, unto certain Trustees therein named, all of whom died in the Lifetime of the said Testator, to hold all such of the said Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, 4 whereof the said Testator was seised of any Estate of Inheritance or Freehold, unto the said Trustees and their Heirs, to certain Uses, which have since determined or become incapable of taking Effect; and from and after the Determination thereof, and subject. 4 thereto, to the Use and Behoof of the said Trustees and their Heirs, in Trust, that they should as soon as might be, by, with

A.D. 1801.

C. cxl.

265

41° GEO. III.

and out of the Rents, Hues and Profits of the Premises, buy and purchase the Inheritance and Fee Simple of some Piece of Ground lying and being within the Town of, proper and convenient for the erecting and building a College, and thereon should

erect and build all such Houses, Edifices and Buildings, as should be fit and requisite for that purpose; which College should be called by the Name of Downing and his Will was, that

a Charter Royal should be sued for and obtained for the founding such College, and incorporating a Body Collegiate by that Name,

in and within the University of which College or

Collegiate Body should consist of such Head or Governor, and of such Fellows, Scholars, Members and other Persons for the time being, and should be maintained, governed and ordered by such Laws, Rules and Orders, and in such manner, and therein should be professed and taught such useful Learning, as his said Trustees or their Heirs, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the most Reverend the Archbishops of Canterbury and York, and the Masters of Saint John’s College and Clare, in the said University of Cambridge, in being at the time of the founding of the said College, should direct, prescribe and appoint; and immediately from and after the founding and incorporating such College or Body Collegiate as aforesaid, the said Trustees and their Heirs should stand and be seised of all and singular the said Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in Trust, for the said Collegiate Body and their Successors for ever; and as for and concerning such of the said Manors, Lands and Premises whereof or wherein the said Testator was possessed of any Estate for any Term or Terms of Years, he declared and appointed that the said Trustees, their Executors and Administrators, should stand possessed thereof, in Trust, from time to time to assign the fame unto such Person or Persons as should be entitled to the actual Possession of his Lands of Inheritance by virtue of the Limitations before' mentioned: And Whereas the said Testator Sir George Downing died in the Year of our Lord One _thousand seven hundred and forty nine: And Whereas in or about the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and sixty four, an Information was exhibited in the High Court of Chancery by His Majesty's 4 then Attorney General, at the Relation of the Chancellor,

Masters and Scholars of the said University of, against

Dame Margaret Downing Widow, (afterwards the Wife of George Bowyer Esquire, who became Sir George

Baronet, and is since deceased,) and the Persons who were them the Heirs at Law of the said Sir George and divers

other Persons, and by the Decree pronounced on the Hearing of the said Cause, bearing Date the Third Day of One thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, the then Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain did declare the Will of the said Testator Sir George Downing, and a Codicil thereto, well proved, and that the fame ought to be established,. and the Trusts thereof performed and carried into Execution, particularly the Trusts of the said Charity, in case His Majesty should be pleased to grant his Royal Charter to incorporate the said College, and his Royal Licence for such incorporated College to take the deviled Premises in Mortmain, and did decree the same accordingly; and the

Death of Sir Geo. Downing. Proceedings in Chancery.

Decree 3d July 1769.

266

C. cxI.

A.D. 1801. 41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

Decretal Order, loth Feb. 1795.

Contrail enter, ed into by the Heirs at Law of the Testator for Ground whereon to build the College.

Conveyance to them of such Ground.

Defendants, the Heirs at Law of the said Testator, were to be at

liberty to apply to the Crown for that purpose; and his Lord-i ship did declare that the Freehold Estates purchased by the said

Testator, after making of the said Will, did not pass by virtue of the Codicil, the Will not being thereby republished, and that the Leases which were renewed or run out after the making the Will,

and before the said Testator* s Death, did not pass by the Will, i but fell into the Residue of the said Testator’s Personal Estate and that the of Estates of the said Testator, not surrendered to the Use of his Will, descended to his Heir at Law, and Directions were given for Enquiries touching the Annual

Value of the Premises devised to the Charity, in order to enable

the Heirs at Law of the Testator to form a Judgment what

Number of Fellows and Scholars could be maintained by the

Endowment; and the said Heirs at Law of the said Testator

were to be at Liberty to contract for a Piece of Ground within the said University of Cambridge, whereon to found the said College, conditionally, in case the Charter and Licence should be granted by His said Majesty: And Whereas the said Suit and Proceedings having from time to time become abated by the Deaths of several of the Parties thereto, several Informations of

Revivor and Supplement were afterwards filed by the then

Attorney General, at the Relation of the Chancellor, Matters and Scholars of the said University of, against the

Persons who from time to time were the Heirs at Law of the said Sir George Downing, and all necessary Parties; and by a Decretal Order, made on the Hearing of the said several Informations of Revivor and Supplement on the Sixteenth Day of

February One thousand seven hundred and ninety five, the said

former Decree of the Third Day of One thousand seven hundred and sixty nine, was ordered to be prosecuted against the several Parties thereto, in like manner as was thereby directed against the Parties to the original Cause: And Whereas Sir George Cornewall Baronet, and Dame Catherine his Wife,

Mary Goate Widow, Francis Annesley and William Henry Scourfield Esquires, (which said Dame Catherine, Mary

Goate, Francis Annesley, and William Henry Scourfield, are the

present Heirs at Law of the said Testator Sir George ,)

did contract and agree for the Purchase of the Fee Simple and Inheritance in Possession of a certain Piece of Ground within the said Town and University of Cambridge, called Dolls Close, as a 4 Scite whereon to found the said intended College, conditionally, in case His Majesty should be graciously pleased to grant his Royal Charter to incorporate the said College, and his Royal Licence

to such incorporated College to hold Lands in Mortmain; which

Contract was afterwards submitted to, and approved by the then Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain: And Whereas by Indentures of Lease and Release inrolled in the High Court of Chaiieery, bearing Date respectively the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Days of July One thousand eight hundred, the Mayor, Bailiffs and Burgesses of the said Town of Cambridge did, for the Considerations therein mentioned, grant, release and convey the said Piece of Ground called Dolls Close, with the Appurtenances,

unto and to the Use of the said Sir George Cor new all and Dame

A.D. 1801.

C. cxl.

267

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

Catherine his Wife, Mary Goate Francis Annesley and William Henry Scourfeid, their Heirs and Assigns: And Whereas by

Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great, bearing

Date at Westminster the Twenty second Day of, in the

Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred, after reciting as

or to the Effebi herein-before recited, His said Majesty did, of his special Grace, certain Knowledge and mere Motion, for himself,

His Heirs and Successors, will, ordain, constitute, establish, declare

and appoint, that in and upon the said Piece of Ground called

Dolls Close, so purchased by the Heirs at Law of the said Testator Sir George Downing as aforesaid, there should and might be erected and established One perpetual College for Students in Law, Physic and other useful Arts and Learning, which College

should be called by the Name of Downing, in the

University of Cambridge, and should consist of One Master, Two Professors; (that is to say,) a Professor of the Laws of England, and a Professor of Medicine, and Sixteen Fellows (Two of whom

should be in Holy Orders, and the rest Laymen), and of such a

Number of Scholars as should thereafter be agreed on and settled by the Statutes of the said College; and (among other Privileges, 4 Liberties, Franchises, Powers and Authorities therein granted to the said Master, Professors, Fellows and Scholars of the said College) His said Majesty did for himself, His Heirs and Successors, will, declare and establish, that the said Master, Pro*. 4 feflors, Fellows and Scholars, and their Successors for ever, should be one distinA and separate Body Politic and Corporate in Deed and in Name, by the Name and Stile of The Master,

Fellows and Scholars of Downing College, in the of

Cambridge, and that by the fame Name they should have per-

petual Succession and a Common Seal, and that by the fame Name the said Master, Professors, Fellows and Scholars, and

their Successors, from time to time, and at all times thereafter, 4 should be a Body Politic and Corporate in Deed and in Law, and be able and capable to have, take, receive, hold, possess, enjoy and retain to and for the Use of the said College, all and every the Freehold, of and Leasehold Manors, Advowsons, Messuages, 4 Lands, Rents, Tenements, Hereditaments and Possessions so given and devised by the Will of the said Sir George Downing, in manner

herein-before mentioned, together with the said Piece of Ground called Dolls Close, and also to take, purchase, acquire, have, hold,

enjoy, receive, possess and retain, notwithstanding any such Statute or Statutes of Mortmain to the contrary, any other Manors, 4 Re&ories, Advowsons, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents and

Hereditaments of what Kind, Nature or Quality soever, for the Use of the said College, so that the fame did not exceed the yearly Value of One thousand five hundred Pounds above all < Charges and Reprizes; and His said Majesty did thereby for himself, His Heirs and Successors, order and direct that the said

College should be deemed and taken to be Part and Parcel of his said University of Cambridge, and should be united and annexed to

and incorporated therewith, and enjoy all the Privileges of the said University; and His said Majesty did thereby for himself, His Heirs and Successors, give and grant to the Master, Professors,

His Majesty's Charier, dated sud Sept. i8cot

26 8

C. cxl.

A.D. 1801.

41° GEO. III.

Fellows and Scholars of the said College and their Successors, ( that they and every of them should and might individually have, 4 hold, take and enjoy within the University of Cambridge aforesaid, and the Liberties and Precincts thereof, all and singular such and the fame Privileges, Franchises and Liberties, and in as full and ample manner and form, and should be subject to all such Discipline, Order and Government as any Master, Professor or any Warden, Provost, Principal or Doctor of any other College in the said University of Cambridge, and their Fellows and Scholars, 4 Officers and Ministers, or any of them within the said University, 4 by reason of any Charter, Gift or Grant, or Charters, Gifts or Grants by His said Majesty, or any of His Progenitors theretofore made or granted to the same University, or by reason of any Prescription, Custom or other lawful Title or Ordinance whatsoever, had, taken, held or enjoyed, or been subject to, or ought to have had, taken, held or enjoyed, or been subjetft to; and in order the better to carry His said Majesty's Will and Intention into Execution in that behalf, His said Majesty did for himself, 4 His Heirs and Successors, make, assign, nominate, constitute and appoint Francis Annesley Doctor of Laws in the said University, 4 First and modern Master of the aforesaid College, and Edward Christian Esquire, Master of Arts in the said University and Barrister at Law, to be the First Professor of the Laws of and; Bufch HatwoodDo&or in Physic, to be the First Professor

of Medicine in the said College; and His said Majesty did likewise make, assign, nominate, constitute and appoint Serjeant at Law, and William Meeke Barrister at Law, Mailers of Arts in the said University, and William Freret Bachelor of 4 Arts in the said University, and such Thirteen other Persons, to be qualified in manner thereinafter prescribed respecting the Elections of the future Fellows of the said College, as His said Majesty should, after the necessary Buildings for the said College should have been erected, by Writing under His Sign Manual nominate and appoint to be the first and modern Fellows of the said College; and His said Majesty did thereby further will, 4 declare and direct, that out of the Revenues of the said College, 4 there should be in the first Place set apart so much as should be necessary to be applied in ere£ling proper Buildings for the said College, together with any other Funds applicable for that purpose, under the Direction of the said Court of Chancery; and His said Majesty did thereby reserve to himself, His Heirs and Successors, all visitatorial Power and Authority over the said College: And Whereas it is apprehended that some other Piece of Ground within the said Town of Cambridge may be found more suitable and convenient than the said Piece of Ground called Dolls Close, for the Scite of the Buildings necessary and proper for the said College; but the said Letters Patent, in conformity to the said Testator’s Will, and the said Decree having authorized the Erection and Establishment of the said College on the said Piece of Ground called Dolls, so purchased as aforesaid,

with the Approbation of the said Court of Chancery, and not elsewhere, it is conceived that the Scite of the said College cannot be changed without the Aid and Authority of Parliament;5 May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; t 12 and

A.D. 1801.

C. cxl.

2G9

41° GEO. III. (U.K.)

and be it enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in case it should appear to the said Court of Chancery, that any other Land or Ground within the Town of Cambridge aforesaid, within the Description contained in the said Testator’s Will, would be more proper and convenient to form the Scite of the said College, and of the necessary and proper Buildings for the fame, and for Garden and other Grounds proper and convenient to be held and enjoyed therewith; and that a good Title to such other Piece of Ground could be made in Fee Simple, it shall and may be lawful for the said Matter, Professors, Fellows and Scholars of the said College, and their Successors, with the Approbation, and by and under the Direction of the said Court of Chancery, to purchase such other Lands or Grounds, and to obtain a Conveyance thereof to themselves in Fee Simple; and that when, and as soon as the said Matter, Professors and Fellows shall have obtained such Conveyance as aforesaid, with the Approbation aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Matter, Professors and Fellows of the said College for the time being, to erect on such Land or Ground so to be purchased, the necessary and proper Buildings for the said College, in such and the same manner, and to such and the fame Ends, Intents, Constructions and Purposes, as the fame might have been erected in and upon the said Piece of Ground called Dolls Close; and the said Piece of Ground so to be purchased and conveyed shall be and continue, and shall be vetted in the said Matter, Professors, Fellows and Scholars, and their Successors, as and for the Scite of the said College, in lieu of the said Piece of Ground called Dolls Close; and the said College shall be and continue to be founded and established in and upon the said Ground so to be purchased, as fully and effectually, to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes, as by the said Letters Patent the fame might have been founded and established in or upon the said Piece of Ground called Dolls Close; any thing in the said Letters Patent to' the contrary in anywise notwithstanding; and that the said Land or Ground so to be purchased in lieu of the said Piece of Ground called Dolls Closet shall be deemed and taken to be the Scite of the said College, instead of the Piece of Ground called Dolls, and shall not be deemed or considered as Part or Parcel of the Lands and Hereditaments of the annual Value of One thousand five hundred Pounds, which the said Matter, Professors, Fellows and Scholars, are empowered by the said Letters Patent to purchase or acquire as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the Fee Simple and Inheritance of and in the said Land or Ground so to be purchased, shall have been conveyed to the said Matter, Professors, Fellows and Scholars, and their Successors, with the Approbation, and by and under the Direction of the said Court of Chancery as aforesaid, then and from thenceforth it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Matter, Professors, Fellows and Scholars, or their Successors, with the like Approbation and under the like Direction, absolutely to sell and convey, or otherwise dispose of the said Piece of Ground called Dolls, in Fee Simple, to any Person or Persons whomsoever; and to give a sufficient Receipt and

DiL

Power is given to the College to purchase a new Scite, under the Direction of the Court of Chan-r eery.

And after the Completion of such Purchase, to fell the old One.

270

C. cxl.

A.D. 1801.

Power is given to incapacitated Persons to convey such new Scite to the College.

Purchasers to pay their Purchase Money into the Bank.

41° GEO. III. (U.R.)

Discharge to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, for the Price or Prices for which the same shall be fold, and to pay, apply and dispose of the Purchase Money to arise by such Sale, in such manner and for such purposes as shall be agreeable to the purposes of their Foundation, and as the said Court of Chancery shall direct.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and to and for all Trustees for charitable and other public purposes, and to and for all Trustees or Committees for Infants, Lunatics, Idiots and other incapable Persons, and to and for all Femes Covert, or Tenants for Life or Tenants in Tail, and all and every other Person and Persons being in the actual Possession, but not having an Estate in Fee Simple of and in any Land, Ground or Hereditaments within the said Town of Cambridge, which may be deemed proper and convenient to be purchased as aforesaid as or for the Scite of the said College, and the necessary and proper Buildings for the fame, and for Gardens and other Grounds proper and convenient to be held and enjoyed therewith, or being otherwise incapable of felling the fame, and making a good Title thereto in Fee Simple, under the Restrictions and Regulations herein after mentioned, to contrail and agree to fell to the said Matter, Professors, Fellows and Scholars, any such Lands, Grounds or Hereditaments, and all Common Rights and other Rights in, over or upon me fame; and by Indenture or Indentures duly sealed and delivered, and inrolled in the said Court of Chancery, in manner required by Law for Conveyance of Lands in Mortmain, absolutely to convey the same to the said Matter, Professors, Fellows and Scholars, and their Successors; and such Deed or Deeds being duly executed and inrolled as aforesaid, shall as effectually and absolutely bar all Estates Tail, and other Estates in Possession, Reversion, Remainder or Expectancy, in the Hereditaments so conveyed, as if such Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or Trustees for charitable and other public purposes, Trustees or Committees, Feme* Covert, Tenants for Life or Tenants in Tail, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, had an absolute Estate in Fee Simple in such Lands, Grounds and Hereditaments.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed

to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so to be contracted or agreed to be sold by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the purposes aforesaid, which shall belong to any Trustee or Trustees for charitable or other public purposes, or to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity as in this Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall be paid into the Bank of, in the

Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Matter, Professors, Fellows and Scholars of the said College, pursuant to the Method prescribed by the Act of the Twelfth Year of King George the First, Chapter Thirty second, and the General Orders ’of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward* according to the Act of the Twelfth Year of King George the Second, Chapter Twenty fourth; and so soon as conveniently may be after the same shall have been so paid in as aforesaid, the fame Monies shall, upon a

A.D. 1801.

C. cxl.

271

41° GEO. III. ((/.AT.)

Petition to be preferred to the said Court of Chancery in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who for the time being would be entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Estates to be purchased in case the fame had been purchased pursuant to this Act, if such Person or Persons shall be of full Age; but if such Person or Person s shall be under Age, then by his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, be laid out by and with the Approbation of the said Court in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and in the same manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect.

V. And be it further enacted, That in the mean time and until the Money so to be paid into the Bank shall be ordered by the Court of Chancery to be laid out in a Purchase or Purchases of Real Estate as aforesaid, the same shall be laid out in the Purchase of Navy or Victualling Bills, or Exchequer Bills, and the Interest arising from the Money so laid out in the said Navy or Victualling Bills, or Exchequer Bills, and the Money received for the fame, as they shall be respectively paid off by Government, shall be laid out in the Name of the said Accountant General, in the Purchase of other Navy and Victualling Bills, and Exchequer Bills; all which said Navy and Victualling Bills, and Exchequer Bills, shall be deposited in the Bank in the Name of the said Accountant General, and shall there remain until a proper Purchase or Purchases as aforesaid shall be found and approved, and until the fame shall, upon a Petition setting forth such Approbation to be preferred to the Court of Chancery in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to an Estate of Freehold in the Hereditaments so to be purchased, be ordered to be sold by the said Accountant General for the completing such Purchase in such manner as the said Court shall think just and direct; and if the Money arising by the Sale of such Navy,. Victualling or Exchequer Bills, shall exceed the Amount of the Original Purchase Money so laid out as aforesaid, then and in that case only the Surplus which shall remain, after discharging the Expence of the Application to the Court, shall be paid to such Person or Persons respectively as would have been entitled to receive the Rents and Profits of the Lands directed to be purchased in case the fame had been purchased pursuant to this Act, or to the Representatives of such Person or Persons.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Certificate and Certificates of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, together with the Receipt and Receipts of the Cashier of the Bank to be thereto annexed and therewith filed, in the Register Office of the said Court of the Payment into the Bank of

by such Purchaser or Purchasers, of his, her or their Purchase Monies, shall from time to time be a good and sufficient Discharge to such Purchaser or Purchasers, and to his, her or their respective Heirs and Assigns, for so much of the said Purchase Money, for which such Certificate or Certificates, and Receipt or Receipts, shall be given; and after taking such Certificate or Certificates, and Receipt or Receipts, such Purchaser or Purchasers shall be absolutely

acquitted

Until a I’nr-chafe of Real Ellate, Money to be laid out in the Purchase of Navy, Victualling or Exchequer Bills, to be deposited in th* Bank.

Certificate of Accountant General to be 3 sufficient Discharge to Purchasers.

27 2

C. cxl.

A.D. 1801.

Power is given to the College, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, to borrow Money upon Mortgage for defraying the Expences of the Building.

Money to be so borrowed, to be applied under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in defraying the Expences of the Building.

41° GEO. III.

acquitted and discharged from the same Monies, and shall not be obliged to fee to the Application, or answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication or Non Application of such Purchase Money, or any Part thereof.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Matter, Professors, Fellows and Scholars of the said College, or their Su'ccessors, by and under the Direction of the said Court of Chancery, to borrow and take up at Interest from any Person or Persons willing to advance the fame, such Sum or Sums-of Money, as, together with any other Funds applicable to that purpose, shall be deemed requisite and necessary for purchasing any such Piece of Ground for the Scite of the said College, instead of the said Piece of Ground called, and for erecting and completing the proper Buildings for the said College; and for securing the Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed, to convey the Whole or any Part of the Manors, Lands and Hereditaments devised by the Will of the said Testator Sir George Downing as aforesaid, and vetted in them by force of such Letters Patent as aforesaid, unto and to the Use of or in Trust for the Person or Persons who shall lend the fame, and his, her or their Heirs, Executors and Administrators, or as he or they shall direct, in Fee Simple, or for any Term or Terms of Years, as shall be agreed on, subject to Redemption on Payment, by the said Matter, Professors, Fellows and Scholars, unto such Person or Persons, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns respectively, of the Monies so to be lent and advanced, with Interest for the fame, at such times and in such manner as the said Court of Chancery shall direct; and also to make and execute all such other Acts, Deeds, matters, things and Assurances in the Law, necessary or expedient for completing and effectuating such Mortgage or Mortgages, as the Person or Persons who shall lend such Sum or Sums of Money shall reasonably require to be done; and all and every such Mortgage or Mortgages, Acts, Deeds and Assurances so to be made and executed as aforesaid, shall be good, valid and effectual, to all Intents and purposes, for conveying and alluring the Premises to be therein comprized, to such Person or Persons, and for such Estates and Interests respectively, as shall be therein expressed, subject to Redemption as aforesaid; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money so to be borrowed as aforesaid, shall be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, to the Credit of the said Cause Attorney General against Bowyer, Building Fund, and shall be applied by and under the Direction of the said Court of Chancery, in defraying the Expences of the Buildings for the said College; and if there shall be any Surplus of the said Monies after defraying such Expences, the same shall be paid and applied in such manner as the said Court shall direct; and the Receipt of One of the Cashiers of the Bank shall be an effectual Discharge to any Person or Persons paying airjr such Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid; and such Person or Persons shall not be afterwards obliged to fee to the Application, or be answerable for any Loss, Misapplication or Non Application thereof.

A.D. 1801. 41° GEO. III. (C.cxl,cxli. 273

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That immediately provisions to be

after the making of any such Mortgage or Mortgages as aforesaid, a made for the sufficient Proportion of the Rents and Profits of the Estates devised Discharge of by the Will of the said Testator Sir George, shall be appro-

priated and set apart by and under the Direction of the said Court and proHts. & of Chancery, for the purpose of keeping down the Interest arising upon every such Mortgage as the same shall become due, and for the purpose of being applied in or towards the Discharge of the Principal thereof, at such times and in such manner as shall be deemed expedient, and as shall effectually provide for the Discharge of such Mortgage Money, as soon as Circumstances shall permit.

X. And be it further enacted, That if it shall be necessary, ac- Power to the cording to the Terms of any Loan to be raised under this Act, or College, under shall be deemed adviseable, to pay off the fame, or any Part thereof, d)eDire<3ion of before there shall be a sufficient Fund for that purpose, then and in

such case it shall be lawful for the said Mailer, Professors, Fellows for the purpose and Scholars, and their Successors, by and under the Direction of of paying off the said Court of Chancery, to borrow and take up at Interest in a former Loan, like manner as aforesaid, so much Money as shall from time to time be necessary to discharge the fame, and to secure the Repayment of such last mentioned Sum or Sums by the ways or means aforesaid; so nevertheless that at all times a proper and sufficient Sum shall be provided out of the Rents and Profits of the said Estates, for the full Payment and Discharge of such Mortgages, as soon as Circumstances will permit.

XI. Saving always to The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, His General Saving. Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons,

Bodies Politic and Corporate, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors and Administrators, all such Estate6, Rights and Interests, Claims and Demands of, in, to or out of the Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments devised by the said Will of the said Sir George ing, as they or any of them could or might have had, held or enjoyed, in case this Act had not been made: Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained, shall be deemed or taken to give any other force or validity to the Charter herein-before mentioned than the fame would have had if this Act had not been made, nor in any manner to affect any Proceeding had or to be had in any Court touching the Real or Personal Estate of the said Sir George Downing Baronet, deceased, or any Part thereof respectively.

[Public Act.]

XII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be, and be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, to all Intents and purposes whatsoever, and shall be taken Notice of and allowed as such by all Judges, Justices and other Persons, in all Courts and Places whatsoever, without the fame being specially pleaded.

Cap. cxli.

An Act for dividing and allotting a certain Fen, called

Feny in the County of Lincoln.

[2d July 1801.]

[ Altered and amended, 42 G,3, e, cviii,]

41 Geo. III.

274

C\ cxlii, cxliii.

41° GEO. III. A.D. 1801.

Allotment of One Twentieth in Vnlue to The King’s Majesty, as Tord of the Soil, and in Right of Bro-vagec

Allotments to to*His Majesty and Lords of the Manors,

Cap. cxlii An Act for dividing and allotting certain Fens, called East and West Fens, in the County of Lincoln.

[2d July 1801.] [ 50 G.3. c. cxxix.] XXXVI. AND be it further enacted, That after allotting such Part or Parts of the said Fens as shall be appropriated for defraying the Expences of obtaining this Act, and carrying the fame into execution, pursuant to the Directions herein-before contained, and after the said public and private Roads, Ways, Drains and Water-courses shall have been set out and appointed as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required to let out and allot Unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, such Plot or Parcel, Plots or Parcels of Land in the said Fens, or One of them, as shall in the Judgment of the said Commissioners (Quantity, Quality and Situation considered) be equal in Value to One full Twentieth Part of the said Fens that shall remain after disposing of such Parts thereof as shall be appropriated for the purposes aforesaid, in lieu of and as a full Satisfaction, Compensation and Extinguish-ment of and for all and all manner of Manerial Rights and Claims, including Brovage or Agistment, for all manner of Cattle, in, over and upon the said Fens respectively, which His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, shall or may have or claim, or be entitled to in right of his said Duchy of Lancaster, or as Lord of the said Manor and Soke of Bolingbroke, or which any other Lord or Lords, Lady or

Ladies of any other Manor or Manors, Seignory or Seignories, shall or may have or claim in, over and upon the said Fens hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or any Part or Parts thereof, and alt Mines and Quarries of what Nature or Kind soever, that may hereafter be found and opened under the Soil of the said Fens, or any Part thereof respectively, and also in full Satisfaction and Compensation of and for all future Improvements, Benefits and Advantages whatsoever, that may hereafter arise or be made by any further Alterations or other Dispositions of the said Fens than what are intended to be made by this Act.

[Amended50 G. 3. cxxix.]

Cap. cxliii. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field's, Common Marshes and Lammas Grounds, Chafe Allotment, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex.

[2d July 1801.]

XXV. AND be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required to set out, allot, assign and award, unto and for The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, Lord of the said Manor of Enfield, and his Lessees as aforesaid, and also unto the Matter and Fellows of Trinity, and unto the said Rawson Hart Boddam, James Meyer and Newel

Esquires, and Elizabeth Strothojfi respectively, as Lords and Lady of the said Manors within the said Parish of, One Eighteenth

Part of the said Waste Lands, except the said Chafe Allotment, as a full Compensation and Satisfaction of and in lieu of their respective Rights to the said Soil, and other Manerial Rights and Interest of

A.D. 1801.

41° GEO. III. C. cxliii.

275

The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, and the said Master and Fellows of Trinity College, and the said Raavfon Hart, James

Newel Connop and Elizabeth Strotkoj as Lords and Lady of the said Manors, in and to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Lands; which Allotment shall thereupon by the said Commissioners be divided between The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, and His Lessees as aforesaid, and the said other Lords and Lady, in proportion to their several and respective Rights and Intereds in the said Soil of the said Waste Lands, within their respective Manors.

LVIII. And Whereas certain Quit Rents and Fee Farm Rents are issuing out of several Estates in the Parish of Enfield aforesaid,

and payable to The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, who is seised of the same to himself, His Heirs and Successors, in Fee Simple,

being Parcel of the Estates and Possessions of the Duchy of Eancajlet't amounting to Fourteen Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Seven pence, or thereabouts, and it hath been agreed that the said respective Estates shall be exonerated and discharged from the Payment of the said several Quit Rents and Fee Farm Rents, and an Equivalent given to His said Majesty, who is so entitled thereto as aforesaid ;’ Be it therefore further enabled, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to set out and allot to the said King’s Most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, as Proprietor of and entitled to the said Fee Farm Rents and Quit Rents as aforesaid, or his said Lessees as aforesaid, such Plots or Parcels of the said Lands and Grounds called The Enfield A, intended to be divided and inclosed, as in the Judgment of the said Commissioners shall be equal in Value to the Fee Simple and Inheritance of the Amount of the said Quit Rents and Fee Farm Rents, now paid or payable to the said King’s Most Excellent Majesty, or his Lessees as aforesaid; and the said Commissioners are hereby also empowered and required to ascertain and determine the annual Amount of the Quit Rent or Quit Rents, Fee Farm Rent or Fee Farm Rents, payable by the respective Proprietors, and to dediuSft the Value of the Fee Simple of such Quit Rent or Quit Rents, Fee Farm Rent or Fee Farm Rents, from the respective Allotments to be made to each of such Proprietors; and their respective Estates shall from thenceforth, or from such other time as the said Commissioners shall appoint, be exonerated and for ever discharged from the Payment of such Quit Rents or Fee Farm Rents respectively.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to make an Extract on Parchment under their Hands and Seals of so much of their general Award herein-before directed to be made as shall contain an accurate Description of the Allotment or Allotments so to be made to His said Majesty, or His Lessee or Lessees, together with such Regulations or Provisions relative to the said Allotment or Allotments, or to any other Rights or Interest of His Majesty, or His Lessee or Lessees, as may be contained in such Award; and also a Map or Plan of such Allotment or Allotments, and transmit the same to the Clerk of the Council of His Majesty's Duchy of for the

time being, within Six Calendar Months after the making and executing the said Award; and the said Commissioners shall also make an Extract on Parchment, under their Hands and Seals, of so much

Quit Rents payable to the King exonerated.

Extract of the King's Allotments to be made and trail f-mitted to the Clerk of the Council of the Duchy

A.D. 1801.

276 c.cxliii—cxlvi. 41° GEO. III.

of their general Award, herein-before directed to be made, as shall contain an accurate Description of the Allotment or Allotments so to be made to the said Matter, Fellows and Scholars of Trinity -lege,or their Lessee or Lessees, together with such Regulations or Provisions relative to the said Allotments, or to any other Rights or Interests, as may be contained in such Award, and also a Map or Plan of such Allotment or Allotments, and transmit the same to the proper Officer at the said College, within Six Calendar Months next after the making and executing the said Award.

Cap. cxliv.

An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing certain Commons and other Commonable Lands, in the Parochial Chapelries of Lamejley and Tanfeld, or One of them, in the County of Durham.

[2d July 1801.]

39 & 40 G. 3.

C. Si-fir.

Cap. cxlv.

An Act for extinguishing the Rights of Common, and other Rights, in and over certain Lands called Thomas’s Leys, other wise

Pembroke Leys, in the several Parishes of Botolph, Saint Andrew the Great, Saint Benedict and Saint Mary the Less, in the Town of Cambridge.

[2d July 1801.]

Cap. cxlvi.

An Act to alter and amend so much of an Act passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows and Pafures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds,

and also the IVafe Lands and Grounds, within

of Hanworth, Feltham and Sunbury, in the County Middlesex, as authorizes and requires the Commissioners to make a certain Allotment therein mentioned to Edmund Hill as Lord of the said Manor.

[2d July 1801.]

End of 41 Geo. III. (U.K,)

THE

STATUTES AT LARGE.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Britanniarum Regis Quadragesimo secundo.

‘ AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster the ( Twenty second Day of Jan, Anno Domini One thousand eight hundred and one, in the Forty first Year of the

1 Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and

King, Defender of the Faith; And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the Twenty ninth Day of October One thousand eight hunrded and one; being the Second Session of ( the First Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain i and Ireland,

CAP. I.

An Act for continuing ( a) and granting to His Majesty certain EXP. Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and two.

[21st November 1801.]

(a) [ Until*2kth June 1803.]

CAP. II.

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty EXP. on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates, in

Wales and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and two.

[21st November 1801.]

CAP. III.

An Act to revive and continue until the Twenty fifth Day of EXP. March One thousand eight hundred and three, so much of an Act made in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to permitting the Use of Sail,

Duty free, in preserving of Fish; and to discontinuing the Bounty payable on White Herrings exported; and to indemnify all Persons who have issued or acted under any Orders for delivering Salt, Duty free, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned.

[21st November 1801.]

42 Geo. III. U

U

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1801.

27$

C. 4—7.

CAP. IV.

An Act to repeal an Act made in the Forty first Year of the ai G.3. (G. B.) Reign of His present Majesty, intituled Act to prohibit

until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the End Six Weeks next after the Commencement of the then next of, any Person or Persons from any Bread which shall not

have been baked Twenty four Flours; and to indemnify Bakers and other Persons who have sold or exposed to Sale any Bread within the Time prohibited by the said Act.

[21st November 1801.]

CAP. V.

EXP. An Act to continue until the First Day of One thousand eight hundred and two, so much of an Act made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty as relates to the reducing the Duties upon Worts or Wash brewed or made from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, or to any Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits; for reviving and continuing for the same Period so much of the said Act as relates to the reducing and better collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch; and for continuing for the same Period an Act made in the same Session of Parliament for prohibiting the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt or other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour or Bran in Scotland; and so much of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament as relates to allowing the Distillation of Spirits in Scotland from Melasses or Sugar at a lower Rate of Duty.

[11th December 1801.]

CAP. VI.

An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty cl certain Sum of Money for the Service of Great Britain, to be raised by a Lottery, and to amend so much of the said Act as relates to the Commencement of the Drawing of the sai d Lottery.

[11th December 1801.]

CAP. VII.

An Act to repeal an Act made in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to

until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and two, the Importation of certain Naval Stores from Hamburgh and other Ports of Germany.

[11th December 1801.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Thirty ninth Year of 59 G. o. c. in 4 W the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to -

A.D. 1801.

42° GEO. III. C. 7—11.

279,

mit, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and

1 two, the Importation of certain Naval Stores from Hamburgh and other Ports of Germany: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act should be repealed Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall, from and after the First Day of After Feb. l.

One thousand eight hundred and two, be and the same is hereby [802)

, t b J Act repealed,

repealed. 1

CAP. VIII.

An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Exchequer Bills.

[11th December 1801.]

[See 44 G. 3. c. 99. 45 3. c. 73.]

CAP. IX.

An Act for raising the Sum of Five Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the United Kingdom, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and two.

[11th December 1801.]

CAP. X.

An Act to revive and continue until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and three, an Act made in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Belief of the Captors of Prizes respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom.

[11th December 1801.]

EXP.

CAP. XI.

An Act to remove certain Restraints upon the Correspondence by Letter between Persons residing in Great Britain and Ireland, and Persons residing in certain Foreign Countries.

[11th December 1801.] 4 TX WHEREAS since the Eleventh Day of February which was in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and ninety three, certain Restraints have been imposed by divers Acts of the Parliaments of Great Britain and Ireland respectively, upon the Correspondence by Letter between Persons residing in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, and Persons residing in certain Foreign Countries in those Acts specified: And Whereas it is expedient that all such Restraints should be forthwith removed and withdrawn Be it therefore enacted and declared by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all such Restraints shall henceforth cease and determine, and be and be deemed to be void, and of no Effect whatsoever.

4‘ Act may be altered or repealed this Session, § 2.

See 35 G 5.

c. 27. 38 G. 3. c. 28. c. 45.; and c. 79.: and 53 G. 3. c.

(L)

Restraints upon Correspondence with Persons in Foreign Countries void.

280

C. 12—15.

4*2° GEO. III. A.D. 1801.

EXP.

EXP.

No Distiller shall make use of any Wheat, &c. in the Distillation of Spirits in Ireland on Penalty of 2001. and Forfeiture of the Wheat, &c.

CAP. XII.

An Act to regulate until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, the Number of Private Militia Men in the several Counties, Ridings and Places, therein mentioned; and for supplying of Vacancies in the Militia.

[11th December 1801.]

CAP. XIII.

An Act to continue until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and three, and amend an Act of the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for prohibiting the Exportation and permitting the Importation of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision without Payment of Duty; and to continue for the same Period, an Act of the last Session of Parliament for prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, or other Provisions, and for permitting the Importation into Ireland of Corn, Fish and Provisions without Payment of Duty.

[11th December 1801.]

CAP. XIV.

An Act to permit until the First Day of One thousand eight hundred and two, the making of Starch from Rice or Potatoes, or any Mixture thereof and the Importation of any such Starch from Ireland free of Duty.

[15th December 1801.]

CAP. XV.

An Act to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Wheat in Ireland.

[15th December 1801.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Use of Wheat, Wheat Meal or Wheaten Flour in the brewing, making or fermenting any Wort, Wash or Pot Ale for making or extracting Spirits, should be prohibited in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act no Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits shall apply, spend, consume or make use of, or cause, procure, permit or suffer to be applied, spent, consumed or made use of any Wheat, Wheat Meal or Wheat Flour in the brewing, making or fermenting any Wort, Wash or Pot Ale for making or extracting Spirits in that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; and if any Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits shall apply, spend, consume or make use of, or cause, procure, permit or suffer to be

A.D. 1801. 42° GEO. III. C. 15, 16. 281

applied, spent, consumed or made use of any Wheat, Wheat Meal or Wheat Flour in the brewing, making or fermenting any Wash or Pot Ale for making or extracting Spirits in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and all such Wheat, Wheat Meal or Wheat Flour, and Worts, Wash or Pot Ale, and the Bags, Casks or Vessels containing the same shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Justice of the Peace or any Officer of His Majesty's Revenue; and upon the Trial of any Information for the said Penalty, or any of the said Forfeitures, the Defendant or Defendants therein shall be convicted, or the Wheat, Wheat Meal, Wheat Flour, Worts,

Wash or Pot Ale condemned, unless Proof shall be made by the Defendant or Claimant, that the Wheat, Wheat Meal or Wheat Flour, Worts, Wash or Pot Ale, or any Part thereof, was not such as shall be alleged in such Information; and every Servant of Servants, &c. such Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers of Spirits, and every cntt

other Person who shall be aiding and assisting in the applying, spending, consuming or making use of any Wheat, Wheat Meal or Wheat Flour in the brewing, making or fermenting any Wort,

+Wash or Pot Ale for making or extracting Spirits, or in carrying or conveying the same into the House, Still House or other Place used by such Distiller or Distillers, Maker or Makers of Low Wines or Spirits, in the brewing, making or fermenting such Wort, Wash or Pot Ale, shall also forfeit and lose, for every such Offence, the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and in Default of Payment thereof immediately upon Conviction, shall be liable to suffer Three or suffer Three

Months Imprisonment in the House of Correction, and to be kept mprl~

to hard Labour during such Imprisonment.

II. And be it enacted, That all and every the Fines, Penalties How Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act shall and may be sued for, be sued recovered and levied in such Manner and Form, and by such or‘

Ways and Means, and with such Powers and Authorities as are prescribed, directed and appointed in and by an Act of Parliament made in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the settling of the Excise or nciv Impost upon His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted, as fully and effectually, to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes as if the same were particularly mentioned, expressed and enacted in this Act, with like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party and Parties who shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said Act is provided.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be repealed Act may be re-

or altered by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Par- pealed or alter -liament. ed this Session.

CAP. XVI.

An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of One thousand EXP. eight hundred and two, an Act made in the Thirty fifth Year of the Reign of FI is present Majesty, for preventing

282

C. 16—19.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

the Importation of organzined Thrown Silk, Flax and Flax Seed, into this Kingdom, in Ships or Vessels belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty. (a)

15th 1801.]

(«) [35 G. 3. c. 100. formerly continued 36. 3. c. 4.

37 G. 3. c. 8.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and two.

[24th February 1802.]

CAP. XVIII.

Licensed Ships sailing to the Eastward of the Cape of Good Hope, may, in certain Latitudes', pass to the Northward.

An Act for continuing the Premiums allowed to Ships employed in, and for enlarging the Limits of, the Southern Whale Fishery.

[24th February 1802.]

IV. AND Whereas it is expedient further to encourage the said Fisheries by extending the Limits prescribed in the before-

mentioned Acts (a), for the said Southern Whale Fisheries;’ Be

it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Ship or Vessel fitting and clearing out and licensed conformably to the first mentioned Act, and sailing to the Eastward of the Cape of Good Hope for the Purpose aforesaid, and having passed beyond One hundred and twenty three Degrees of East Longitude from London, to sail or pass to the Northward as far as one Degree of Northern Latitude, but no further to the Northward, until such Ship or Vessel shall have sailed or passed to the Eastward of One hundred and eighty Degrees of East Longitude from any

Thing in the said Acts, or any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

(a) [35 G. 3. c. 92. § 22. 38 G. 3. c. 57. See 43 G. 3. c. 90.

Limits of Fisheries further extended, 51 G. 3. 34. §5. The rest

of this Act is expiredi]

CAP. XIX.

An Act to amend so much of an Act made in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for amending and

rendering more effectual, an Act made the Twenty second Year of His present Majesty's , intituled An Act for

maJAng a free Market for the Sale of Fish the City of

Westminster, and for preventing the mono-'

polizing of Fish, and for allowing the Sale of Fish under the

Dimensions mentioned in a Clause contained an Act of the

First Year of His late Majesty's , case the same are taken with a Hook, as relates tb the Sale of Eels.

[24th February 1802.]

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 19,20.

28'

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty ninth Year of G. 2. c. .~9.

the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, § *; [amending

intituled An Act for explaining, amending and rendering more effectual, an Act made in the Twenty second Year of His present

Majestys Reign, intituled An Act for making a free Market for the Sale of Fish in the City of Westminster, and for preventing the forestalling and monopolizing of Fish, and for allowing the

Sale of Fish under the Dimensions mentioned a Clause contained in an Act of the First Year of His late Majesty s

‘ case the same are taken with a Hook;it is amongst other Things

+enacted, That if any Fisherman, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, Master or Owner of any Fishing Ship, Sloop, Smack or Fishing Vessel coming from Sea, or other Person having the Conduct of such Fishing Ship, Sloop, Smack or Fishing Vessel, Natives or Foreigners, employed either in catching, bringing or vending of Fish for the Supply of the Cities of London and Westminster, shall not enter their Ship, Sloop, Smack or other Fishing Vessel at such Place or Places, and within such Time as therein mentioned, or shall keep any Shell Fish, or other Fish whatsoever in such their Ship, Sloop, Smack or other their Fishing Vessel or Vessels, or in any Well Boat or Store Boat, after their Arrival at the Nore, so as not to sell off their whole Cargo

of Fish within the Space of Eight Days, to be reckoned from the Day of such their Arrival at the Nore, every such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay the Penalty in the said Act provided

And Whereas the said limited Time of Eight Days for selling of the whole Cargo of live Eels is found too short and quite unnecessary;’ Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Sale of Eels if passing of this Act, in case any such Fishing Vessel shall be made by Own-freighted or loaded in Whole or in Part with live Eels, and the ^fno^,s Fishermen, or other Person or Persons whatsoever, Natives or ^fter their a?-S Foreigners, who shall be Owners of such live Eels, or have the riva] at the Power to sell or dispose of the same, shall sell off the whole Quan- Nore. shall be tity of such live Eels within Twenty eight Days after the Arrival as good a Sale of such Vessel at the Nore, and shall in all other Respects comply d^itfdTvs^ with the Directions of the said Act, and also of an Act passed in the^Xime Unfit the Twenty second Year of His Majesty King George the Second, e(j by the remand mentioned in the said Act, then and in such Case the Sale of ed Act.

the whole Cargo, or Quantity of such live Eels, shall be and is hereby declared to be as good a Sale thereof as if such Sale had been completed and made within the said limited Time of Eight Days before mentioned.

CAP. XX.

An Act for making perpetual so much of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; and to continue several Laws relating to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from Great Britain to the British Sugar Colonies in the

284

C. 20.

+2° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

19 0.3. c. 22.

§ 7. allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores, [formerly continued by 21 G. 3. c. 29. 24 G. 5. s. 2. c. 50.

26 G. 5. c. 50. 28 G 3. c. 23. 36 G.3. c. 40.] made perpetual.

35 G. 3. c. 115. for allowing Importation of Goods from India in Ships not British built, continued dur-

Indies until the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight; to the giving further Encouragement to the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America until the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twelve; to the regulating the Payment of the Duties on Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs and Mace; to the allowing the Importation of certain Fish from Newfoundland and the Coast of Labrador until the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight; and to the allowing the Importation and Exportation of Goods from and to India and, in Ships not of British built, during the Continuance of the exclusive Trade to and from the East, granted to the East India Company by an Act of the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign.

[19th March 1802.]

WJ an Act was made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to nue several Laws relating to the giving further Encouragementfor the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in i America; to the Landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar 1 Plantations before Payvient of the Duties of Excise; to the discontinuing the Duties payable on the Importation of

Hogs' Lard and Grease; to the regulating the Fees of Officers of

+the Customs and Naval Officers America; to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Articles to His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America; and to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages: And Whereas so much of the said Act as relates to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages, which was to be in force for two Years from the First Day of April One thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, has, by several subsequent Acts made in the Twenty first, Twenty fourth, Twenty sixth, Twenty eighth and

Thirty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, been continued until the Fifth Day of Jidy* One thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And Whereas the same has by Experience been found useful and beneficial; and it is expedient that the same

should be made perpetual Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages, shall be made perpetual.

VI. And be it further enacted, That an Act made in the Thirty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for allowing, for a limited Time, the Importation of Goods from India and China, and other Parts within the Limits of the exclusive Trade of the East India Company, Ships not of British built, nor registered as such; and for the Exportation of Goods from Great Britain,

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 20,21, 22.

285

Britain, by the same Ships, under certain Restrictions, which was to continue in force during the Continuance of the present War, and for Eighteen Months after the Conclusion thereof, shall be, and the same is hereby continued during the Continuance of the exclusive Trade to and from the East Indies, granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies by an Act of the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign (a).

(a) [See 53 G. 3. c. 155. § 30. The rest of this Act is .]

CAP. XXI.

An Act for raising the Sum of one Million by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and two.

[19th March 1802.]

CAP. XXII.

An Act for continuing until the Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and four, the Bounties granted for the Encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisheries; and for continuing and amending the Regulations respecting the same, [19th March 1802.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to continue, for a limited Time,

‘ the Bounties and other Encouragements to the Fisheries carried on by His Majesty's Subjects in the Greenland Seas and Davis’s Streights ;and also to continue and amend the Regulations and Conditions now in force in regard to the said Fisheries;’ Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Act made in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis’s Streights; and also so much of the Act made in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Newfoundland, Greenland and Southern Whale Fisheries, as relates to the said Fisheries; and also the Act made in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to continue and amend several relating to

the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on the Greenland Seas and Davis’s Streights; and to amend the Lavos novo force for the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried in the Seas to the Southward of the Greenland Seas awe? Davis’s Streights; which Acts were, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, continued until the Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and two, shall be further continued until the Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and four.

II. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted, That from and after the passing of this present Act, and during the Continuance thereof, in every Ship of the Burthen of Three hundred Tons, Six Harpooners, Six Line Managers and Six

Steersmen,

ing tha exclu-sive Right of E. I. C. under

53 G. 5. c. 52.

26 G. 3. c. 41.

29 G. 5. c.

§ 2—7. and

52 G. 5. c. 22. further continued till Dec. 25. 1804.

[continued by 41 G.3. (U. K.) c. 97. § 2.]

Number of Harpooners, Sec. in proportion to Burthen of Vessel, pro-

286

C. 22, 23.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

tected from being impressed, &c.

Principal Oncers of the Customs may take the Affidavit of Owners of Vessels, sworn before a Justice, in case of Illness, &c. declaring the Particulars required by 26 G. 3. c. 41.

§ 1.

EXP.

Steersmen, and so in proportion in every Ship or Vessel of smaller Burthen, One Harpooner, One Line Manager and One Steersman for every Fifty Tons Burthen, shall be protected from being impressed, and shall have and enjoy the Priviledge of sailing in the Colliery and Coasting Trade, under the Conditions and in the Manner granted and directed in the said Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign; any Thing in the said last mentioned Act, or in any other Act, to the contrary notwithstanding. " Vessels clearing out for the present Season not provided with the full Complement of Men, may proceed and complete the " Number at Lerwick, &c. § 3. EXP.

IV. And Whereas by the said Act made in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, it is, among other Things, enacted, That before any Ship or Vessel shall proceed on the Whale Fishery, Oath shall be made by One or more Owner or Owners, and the Master or Chief Officer of such Ship or Vessel before the principal Officers of the Customs of the i Port from which such Ship or Vessel intends to proceed, that it is i really and truly their firm. Purpose and determined Resolution that such Ship or Vessel shall, as soon as Licence shall be i granted, forthwith proceed on a Voyage to the Greenland Seas or Davis’s Streights,or the Seas adjacent, and there, in the then approaching Season, to use the utmost Endeavours of themselves and Ship’s Company to take Whales or other Creatures living in the Sea, and on no other Design or View of Profit in such Voyage, and to import the Whale Fins, Oil, and Blubber thereof into Great Britain: And Whereas it may sometimes happen that the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel may, from Illness or other unavoidable Circumstance, be unable to appear before the principal Officers of the Customs to make Oath in Manner required by the said recited Act;’ Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for such principal Officers to accept and take an Affidavit of such Illness or unavoidable Absence, sworn by such Owner or Owners, before any one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace; and in which Affidavit the said Owner or Owners shall declare all and every the Matters and Things which by the said recited Act he is directed and required to declare, on Oath, before the said principal Officers; and such Affidavit shall be as effectual to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Owner or Owners had conformed to the Directions of the said Act in Manner herein-before mentioned; any Thing in the said recited Act, or any other Act, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

[26 G. 8. c. 41. and 29 G. 3. c. 53. § 2., as continued and amended by this Act, made perpetual, 1 G. 4. c. 33.]

CAP. XXIII.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes, until the Twenty fifth Day of One thousand eight h undred and two; to indemnify Members

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 23, 24.

287

bers and Officers, in Cities, Corporations and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them, until the Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and two, to provide Admissions duly stamped; to permit such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Michaelmas Term One thousand eight hundred and two; to allow until the Twenty fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and two, Persons who have omitted to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks, Apprentices or Servants, to make Payment of the same; to indemnify such Persons as have neglected to obtain Certificates of Admission as Solicitors or Attornies, Notaries or Proctors, and for extending the Time, limited for that Purpose, until Two Months after the passing of this Act; to indemnify Persons who have printed or published Pleadings, and other Proceedings in Courts of Law or Equity, upon which the Name and Place of Abode of the Printer has not been printed; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace, within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time, limited for that Purpose, until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and two.- [19th March 1802.]

CAP. XXIV.

An Act to repeal the Duties on Cinnamon imported by the East India Company, and on Cassia Lignea of all Sorts, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof; and to repeal the Custom Duties on certain Flides and Skins; and to repeal certain Duties granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament upon Box Wood imported, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof.

[19th fs02.]

III. AND be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and two. the Duties of Customs now payable by Law on the Importation into that Part of the United Kingdom called Great, in British built

Ships, owned, navigated and registered according to Law, of Bull, Ox or Cow Hides, Hides of Horses, Mares or Geldings, Indian Hides, or Buffalo Hides, Calve Skins, Dog Skins, Seal Skins and Elk Skins, such Hides and Skins respectively being in the Hair, and not tanned, tawed or in any Way dressed, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed; save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering or paying any Arrears thereof which may remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture relating thereto,

The Duties payable on the Importation into Great Britain in British built Ships, of certain Hides and Skins, shall be repealed, provided a due Entry be made thereof, &c.

288

C. 24—28.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

thereto, which shall have been incurred at any Time before the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and two; provided that on the Importation thereof a due Entry be made with the proper Officers of the Customs, of such Hides and Skins respectively, in the same Manner and Form as was used and practised on and immediately before the making of this Act; and that such Hides and Skins respectively be landed in the Presence of the proper Officer or Officers appointed for that purpose; on Failure of which Conditions such Hides and Skins respectively shall be liable to the' Payment of Duties as if this Act had not been made.

[ Then&in Duties r, 43 G. 3. 68. § 1.]

CAP. XXV.

EXP. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, within the United Kingdom, and the Islands of

Alderney, Sark and Man.

[24th March 1802.]

CAP. XXVI.

EXP. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, until the Twenty fifth Day of One thousand eight hundred and two.

[24th March 1802.]

CAP. XXVII.

EXP. An Act to empower His Majesty to cause certain countervailing Duties, granted by an Act of the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act

for carrying into Execution the Treaty of, Commerce

and Navigation, concluded between His Majesty and the United

States of America, to cease, or be suspended until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, under certain Circumstances.

[24th March 1802.]

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for continuing until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and amending several Laws relating to the Transportation of Felons and other Offenders, to "temporary Places of Confinement in England and Scotland respectively.

[24th March 1802.]

" So much of 19 G. 3. c. 74. as relates to Transportation, and " so much of 24 G. 3. c. 56 as extends to authorize the Removal of " Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement in England and u Wales', [! formerly continued by 28 G. 3. c. 24., 34 G. 3. c. 60., " 39 G. 3. c. 51. § 1.] further continued until March 25. 1805, " &c. § 1.

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 28, 29. 289

II. And be it farther enacted, That it shall and may be lawful His Majesty for His Majesty («) to appoint one fit and able Person to be In- may appoint an spector of any Place or Places of Confinement, either at Land, or piecesCon'^ on board any Ship or Vessel, to which any Male Offenders shall fjnementautho-be removed by virtue of the last mentioned Act intituled An Act rizedby24G. 5. for the effectual Transportation of Felonsand other Offenders and sess. 2. c. 56. to authorize the Removal of Prisoners certain Cases, and for shall ate other Purposes therein mentioned; which Inspector shall personally certah^Paructi-visit and inspect such Places of Confinement, once at least, in larsto parlia-every Quarter of a Year, or oftener if Occasion shall require, and ment every Ses-shall diligently examine into the State of such Places of Con- sion. fmement, the Behaviour and Conduct of the respective Officers, the Treatment and Condition of the Prisoners, the Amount of their several Earnings, and the Expences attending every such Place of Confinement; and shall make a faithful Report of the same to both Houses of Parliament at the Beginning of every Session; and also in Matters of extreme or pressing Necessity shall and may make a special Report thereof to the Justices of His Majesty's Court of King’s Bench, who shall immediately take Order therein, and regulate or address the same; and such Inspector shall con- His Salary not tinue in Office during His Majesty's Pleasure, and shall receive to exceed 5501. such Salary out of the Consolidated Fund of Great as Per Annum.

His Majesty shall appoint, not exceeding Three hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum, for himself and a Clerk, and all other Charges and Expences whatsoever which shall be incurred by such Inspector in Discharge of his Duty.

" So much of 25 G. 3. c. 46. as authorizes the Removal of Offenders in Scotland to temporary Places of Confinement in 44Great Britain, [revived and continued by 34 G. 3. c. 60. 39 G.3.

44 c. 51.] further continued until March 25. 1805, &c. — § 3.

(a) [Q. Whether this Section did not expire at the Demise of His Majesty King G. III.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to authorize the East India Company to make their Settlement at Fort Marlborough, in the East, a Factory subordinate to the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, and to transfer the Servants who, on the Reduction of that Establishment, shall be Supernumerary, to the Presidency of Fort Saint George.

[24th March 1802.]

WHEREAS the Court of Directors of the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, have heretofore appointed the Civil Servants at their Settlement of Fort Marlborough, in the East Indies, specially for that Settlement, and they have not been considered as belonging to any of the said Company’s Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, or Bombay; And Whereas the said Court have determined to make a considerable Reduction in the Establishment of Civil Servants at Fort Marlborough aforesaid, and that, in future,

that Settlement shall be a Factory only subordinate to the Presidency of Fort William aforesaid, and thereby many of the said Civil Servants at Fort Marlborough will become Supernumerary; and by reason of the late Increase of Territory subject to the

290

C. 29.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Directors of E. I. C. may reduce the Establishment at Fort Marlborough to a Factory, &c.

Subordinate to Presidency of Fort William.

Civil Servants becoming Supernumeraries at Fort Marlborough transferred to Presidency of Fort St. George.

Regulations as to Rank of Merchants, &e. so transferred.

Servants may retire on Salary,

&c.

Servants transferred to take Precedence, as if they had originally belonged to Fort St. George,

Presidency of Fort Saint George, it is expedient that such Supernumerary Servants at Fort Marlborough should be transferred to Fort Saint George Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Court of Directors of the said United Company, (subject nevertheless to the Superintendance, Direction and Controul of the Commissioners for the Affairs of India, in like Manner as any Acts or Orders of the said Court of Directors are now by Law subject,) to order and direct that the said Company’s Establishment at Fort Marlborough shall be reduced to be a Factory only, subordinate to the' Presidency of Fort William at Bengal, from such Time as they shall see fit to order.

II. And be it further enacted, That in that Case the said Settlement of Fort Marlborough shall be, and be considered as a Factory only, in all Things subordinate and subject to the Government of the said Presidency of Fort William, in like Manner as any other Factory belonging thereto.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Directors (subject to such Superintendance and Controul as herein before mentioned), to order and direct that all or any of the Civil Servants of the said Company belonging and subject to the said Settlement at Fort Marlborough at the Time of the said Reduction of that Establishment, and who are or shall become Supernumerary there, shall be transferred to the said Presidency of Fort Saint George, with such Rank and Precedence therein, not above the Rank held by them respectively at Fort Marlborough at the Time of their being respectively transferred from that Settlement: Provided always, That all the Senior Merchants to be removed from the Settlement of Bencoolen by the said Court of Directors to the Presidency of Fort Saint George, shall be introduced into that Service as the youngest of that Rank, and to continue as fixed Senior Merchants; and that all Servants of the Rank of Junior Merchants, Factors and Writers, to be removed and come in as the Juniors of their respective Ranks, to rise in the regular Course of the Service till they attain the Rank of Senior Merchants, then to remain fixed as in the Case of the Senior Merchants to be so transferred: Provided always, That all such Servants, if they shall decline to accept of such Appointments, shall be entitled to retire upon the Salary of their respective Ranks, exclusive of the Salary annexed to their Office.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after such Transfers, the Servants so transferred shall take Rank and Precedence, and shall rise in the Presidency of Fort Saint George according to the true Intent and Meaning of such Orders and Directions as aforesaid; and they shall be capable of being appointed to fill up, supply and hold any Offices, Places or Employments, under the said Presidency of Fort Saint George, in like Manner as if they had been originally appointed and had belonged to the said Presidency; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any way notwithstanding.

Y. Provided

A.D. 1802. 42a GEO. IIE

C. 29—33.

291

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such Civil

Servants belonging to the said Settlement at

who shall not be transferred by such Order and Direction as aforesaid to the said Presidency of Fort Saint, shall be capable of holding any Office or Employment belonging to or under the said Factory at Fort Marlborough in which they may remain, or to which they may respectively be appointed by, or by the Order of the said Court of Directors, or by the Governor General in Council of Fort William aforesaid, in like Manner as if the said Establishment had not been reduced, or this Act had not been made.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be, and be deemed and taken to be a public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXX.

An Act to continue until the Twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and two, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to stay, the

Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and two, Proceedings in Actions under the Statute of King Plenry the Eighth, ‘for abridging Spiritual Persons from having

Pluralities of Livings, and from talcing of Perms.7

[24th March 1802.]

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for continuing until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, several Acts of the last Session of Parliament, for continuing and granting Duties to His Majesty in Ireland.

[24th March 1802.]

CAP. XXXII.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant certain Parcels of Land, situate between Great Prince Rode and the Village of Crab Tree, called TothillBay, and Lipson Bay, near to the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, to certain Persons therein named, for the Purpose of embanking and preserving the same from the Sea.

[24th March 1802.] [See 43 G. 3. c.xv. 54 G. 3. c. 70.]

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty five Millions by way of Annuities.

[15th 1802.]

Civil Servants not so transferred, to hold their Offices in Fort Marlborough, as if it had not been reduced.

[Public Act.]

EXP.

41G. S. (U.K.) c. 102.

EXP.

292

C. 34—38. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

EXP.

EXP.

See 46 G. c. 139.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Windows or Lights, and on Inhabited Houses; and for consolidating the same with the present Duties thereon.

[15th April 1802.]

[Repealed, 43 G.3. c. 161. § 84.]

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for regulating until the Fifteenth Day of

One thousand eight hundred and three, the Prices at which Grain, Meal and Flour may be exported from Britain to Ireland, and from Belaud to Britain. (

[15th 1802.]

(a) [ Continued by several Acts, and last until 2.5th March

1806, by45 G. 3. c. SO. §1.]

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to continue until the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and three, several Acts of the last Session of Parliament for reviving, continuing and amending several Laws for the better Collection and Security of the Revenues of Ireland.

[15th 1802.]

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules and Dogs; and for consolidating the same with the present Duties thereon.

[30th April 1802.] [Repealed, 43 G. 3. 161. § 84.]

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Beer and Ale brewed in or imported into Great Britain; on Malt made in Great Britain on Hops grown in or imported into Great Britain;and on Spirits distilled in Ireland and imported into Gi'eat Britain; for repealing certain Allowances to Brewers of Beer and Ale; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Revenue of Excise, on Beer, Ale and Malt.

[30th April 1802.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's public Expences, and making a permanent Addition to the public Revenue of Great Britain,have freely and voluntarily

resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several additional Rates and Duties of Excise herein respectively mentioned and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty,

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 38.

293

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid to and for the Use of his Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the several and respective Rates and Duties of Excise herein after mentioned, over and above and in Addition to all other Rates and Duties whatever, other than such as are by this Act repealed; (that is to say,)

For every Barrel of Beer or Ale above Sixteen Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duties of Excise payable thereon, and by this Act denominated Strong Beer (and not being Two Penny Ale mentioned and described in the Seventh Article of the Treaty of Union with Scotland), which shall be brewed in Great Britain by any Common Brewer, or other Person or Persons who shall sell or tap out any Beer or Ale publickly or privately, to be paid by such Common Brewer or other Person or Persons respectively, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, Two Shillings

For every Barrel of Beer or Ale of Sixteen Shillings the Barrel or under, exclusive of the Duty of Excise payable thereon, and by this Act denominated Table Beer, which shall be brewed in Great Britain by any Common Brewer, or other Person or Persons who shall sell or tap out any Beer or Ale publickly or privately, to be paid by such Common Brewer or other Person or Persons respectively, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, Two Shillings:

For every Barrel of Two Penny Ale mentioned and described in the Seventh Article of the Treaty of Union with, to be

paid by the Common Brewer or Victualler, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, Ten Pence

For every Barrel consisting of Thirty six Gallons English Beer Measure of Irish Beer or Ale, which shall be imported into Great Britain from Ireland, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the Importer thereof before the landing thereof, Five Shillings and Five Pence previous to the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and three, and Five Shillings and Eleven Pence from that period

For every Barrel of Beer, Ale or Mum, which shall be imported from beyond the Seas into Great Britain (not being Beer,

Ale or Mum imported directly from ), and so in Proportion

for any greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the Importer thereof before the landing thereof, Twelve Shillings and Eleven Pence

For every Bushel of Malt which shall be made of Barley or any other Corn or Grain in Great Br, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the Maker thereof, One Shilling and One Farthing:

For every Bushel of Malt, whether ground or unground, made of Barley or of any other Corn or Grain, belonging to any Maltster or Maker of Malt, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Brewer, Distiller, Innkeeper, Victualler or Vinegar Maker, which shall be either in his Custody or Possession, or in the Custody or Possession of any other Person or Persons whatever, in Trust for him, her or them, or for his, her or their Use, Benefit or Account, in Great Britain, on the First Day of May One thousand eight

42 Geo. III. X hundred,

From May 1. 1802, the following additional Duties shall be paid:

On Strong Beer

Table Beer;

Scotch Two Penny.

Irish Beer or Ale imported prior to May 1. 1803;

Beer, Ale or Mum imported (not being Irish)

Malt made in Great Britain

Malt in Possession of any Maltster, See. on May 1. 1802;

294

C. 38.

4-2° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Hops in Great Britain;

Hops imported from Ireland,

Spirits macle in and imported from Ireland.

The present Duties on Beer or Ale herein described to cease.

Allowances granted by 21 G. 5. c. 15. to Brewers, to cease.

hundred and two, the Sum of One Shilling and One Farthing, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the Person or Persons respectively possessed of such Malt:

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hops, growing or to grow in Great Britain, which shall be cured and made fit for Use, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the respective Owners or Possessors thereof, One Penny and One Farthing and Eight twentieth Parts of a Farthing

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hops which shall be imported from Ireland into Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the Importer thereof before the landing thereof, One Penny and One Farthing and Eight twentieth Parts of a Farthing

For every Gallon English Wine Measure of Spirits, Aqua or Strong Waters, which shall be distilled or made in Ireland and imported into Great Britain at a Strength not exceeding One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and so in proportion for any greater or higher Degree of Strength, and of sweetened or compounded Spirits, to be computed upon such sweetened or compounded Spirits at the highest Degree of Strength at which any Spirits can be made, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the Importer thereof before the landing thereof, Two Pence Three Farthings.

[Duties repealed,

43 G. 3. c. 69. § 1.]

[I. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, the several and

respective Rates and Duties payable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the Time of the passing of this Act, for or in respect of all Beer or Ale of the Price of Thirteen Shillings the -Barrel or under, exclusive of the Duty payable thereout (not being Two Penny Ale mentioned and described in the Seventh Article of the Treaty of Union with Scotland), shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable, save and except as to all Arrears of the said Duties, which, on the said First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, shall be and remain unpaid; any Thing in this or any former Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Allowances, granted by an Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled Act for repealing

the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties together other

Duties composing the 'public Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares and the Produce or

Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies remainin'* in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities the

Reduction of the National Debt, to Common Brewers or other Persons who do or shall sell or tap out Beer or Ale publickly or privately, shall, from and after the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable, save and except as to all Arrears thereof that may on the said First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two be and remain unpaid; any Thing in the said last mentioned Act

or

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 38.

295

or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding

IV. And be it farther enacted, That for and in respect of all

strong Beer or Ale above Sixteen Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duties of Excise payable thereon, and by this Act denominated Strong Beer, which shall be brewed or made within the Cities of London and Westminster, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, after the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, and before the Fifth Day o One thousand eight hundred and three, by any Common Brewer or other Person who shall brew and sell or tap out Beer or Ale publickly or privately, and for which the full Duty by this Act imposed on Strong Beer shall be duly charged, there shall be set off, and allowed out of such Duty to such Common Brewer or other Person respectively, upon whom such Duty as aforesaid shall be charged, the Sum of Sixpence for every Barrel; and for or in respect of all such Strong Beer as aforesaid, which shall be so brewed or made as aforesaid in any other Part of Great Britain (not being within the Cities of London or

ter, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality), after the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, and before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, by any such Common Brewer or other Person as aforesaid, and for which the full Duty by this Act imposed shall be duly charged, there shall be set off and allowed to such Common Brewer or other Person respectively, upon whom such Duty as aforesaid shall be charged, the Sum of Eight Pence for every Barrel; any Thing in this Act to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day

of May One thousand eight hundred and two, the several and respective Drawbacks and Allowances herein after mentioned shall be respectively allowed and paid for and in respect of all Strong Beer and Hops which shall be exported under, subject and according to the Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Restrictions, Clauses, Penalties and Forfeitures contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Law or Laws in force in relation to the Exportation of Beer or Hops respectively; (that is to say,)

For every Barrel of Strong Beer (not being Two Penny Ale mentioned and described in the Seventh Article of the Treaty of Union with Scotland), which shall be entered for Exportation to foreign Parts, or to Ireland, after the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and two, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, the Sum of Five Shillings and Five Pence previous to the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and three, and Five Shillings and Eleven Pence from that Period

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hops growing or to grow in Great Britain, and which shall be cured or rendered fit for Use, and on which the Duties by this Act granted shall have been duly charged, and which shall be exported to Ireland, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, the Sum of One Penny and One Farthing and Eight twentieth Parts of a Farthing.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Clauses, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things, relating to Beer commonly called Table Beer, contained in an Act passed in the Twenty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign,

Other Allowances till July 5. 1805, for Beer brewed in Great Britain.

Drawbacks on Exportation:

For Strong Beer (not being Scotch Ale) entered for Exportation after Oct. 1, 1802.

For Hops exported to Ireland.

Regulations of 22 G. 5. c. 68. relating to Table Beer, and also so much of

296

C. 38. 42° GEO. III.

A.D. 1802.

27 G. 3. c. 13. Sched. (F.) as contains an Exception thereto, repealed.

What shall be deemed Strong and what Small Beer.

Acts in force, relating to Beer or Ale, extended to this Act, as far as applicable.

Duties under Commissioners of Excise.

Casks of Table Beer to be

intituled An Act for repealing the Duties payable for Beer and Ale above Six Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duties of

and not exceeding Eleven Shillings the exclusive of such

Duties, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for granting additional Duties on Coaches and other Carriages therein mentioned, and also additional Duties on Sojjemade Great Britain, and upon the Produce of the said additional Duties on Coaches and on other Carriages, and for better securing the Duty upon Tea and other Duties of Excise; and also for appointing the Number of Commissioners of Excise to ho may hear Causes depending before them, relative to

the Duties on Male Servants; and also so much of the said Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as contains an Exception mentioned and specified in the Schedule to the said last recited Act marked (F.), in relation to Beer commonly called Table Beer, shall, from and after the said First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, be and the same are hereby repealed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Beer or Ale above the

Price of Sixteen Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of all Duties now payable, or that may hereafter be payable for or in respect thereof, which shall be brewed or made after the said First Day of, shall be denominated, deemed and taken to be Strong Beer or Ale; and all Beer of the Price of Sixteen Shillings the Barrel or under, exclusive of the Duty payable for or in respect thereof, which shall be brewed after the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, shall be denominated, deemed and taken to be Table Beer within the Meaning of this Act, and all other Acts of Parliament now in force, or that may hereafter be passed relating to Beer or Ale, or any Duties granted thereon, to all Intents and Purposes whatever; and all and singular the Rules, Regulations, Prohibitions, Restrictions, Provisions, Clauses, Penal--ties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament in force, relating to any Beer or Ale, or to the mixing of Strong Beer, Ale or Worts with Small Beer or Small Worts, or with Water, or to any other Matters or Things relating to Beer or Ale, shall be and remain in full force, and shall be deemed and taken to apply to, and shall be severally and respectively applied, practised and put in Execution as to the mixing of Strong Beer or Strong Beer Worts with Table Beer or Table Beer Worts, or with Water, and as to all other Matters and Things relating to Strong Beer and Table Beer, as far as the same are applicable and are not altered or repealed by this Act, as fully and amply in every respect as if the said Rules, Regulations, Prohibitions, Restrictions, Provisions, Clauses, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things were severally and respectively reenacted in this Act.

further on this Head, 59 G.3. c. 53. § 25.]

VIII. And be it further enacted, That such of the several and respective Duties by this Act granted, as shall arise or become payable in England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England for the Time being, and that such thereof as shall arise or become payable in Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being.

IX. And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as any

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 38.

297

Table Beer shall be cleansed or put into any Cask or Casks, the Common Brewer by whom such Table Beer was brewed or made shall immediately mark each and every Cask, or cause the same to be marked with the capital Roman Letter T. of the Length of Four Inches at the least; and if any Common Brewer shall neglect or refuse so to mark any Cask of Table Beer, or to cause the same to be so marked as aforesaid; or if any such Common Brewer shall not continue such Mark, or cause the same to remain and continue visible and distinct on each and every such Cask containing any such Table Beer, during the whole Time the same shall be and remain in his Custody or Possession, and until the same shall be delivered into the Custody or Possession of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall or may be sold or delivered for Consumption, or otherwise; every such Common Brewer so offending, shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds for every such Cask on which such Mark shall not be put or made, and continued as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Common Brewer who shall brew or make any Table Beer, shall, as soon as any such Table Beer shall be cleansed or put into any Cask or Casks, cause the same to be removed into and kept separate and apart, and in a separate Storehouse, Room, Cellar or other Place from all other Beer whatsoever; and if any Common Brewer shall neglect so to remove or to cause to be removed every Cask of Table Beer into a separate Storehouse, Room, Cellar or other Place as soon as such Table Beer shall be cleansed or put into any Cask or Casks as aforesaid, or if any such Common Brewer shall keep or suffer any such Table Beer so cleansed or put into any Cask or Casks as aforesaid, to be kept in any Storehouse, Room, Cellar or other Place with any other Beer whatsoever, or in which any other Beer, not being Table Beer, shall be laid, put, kept or stored, every such Common Brewer so offending shall for each and every such Cask of Table Beer that shall not be so removed or kept as aforesaid, contrary to the Provisions of this Act, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Table Beer shall be put into or tunned, cleansed, kept or stored in any Cask, Vat or other Vessel, exceeding the Content or Size of a Butt or Pipe of Three Barrels, on pain of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent any Common Brewer, upon giving Twenty four Hours’ notice thereof in Writing to the proper Officer of Excise, from putting into any Tun, Vat or other Vessel of a larger Size or Content than herein before mentioned, a sufficient Quantity of Table Beer, not exceeding the Quantity of Two Barrels for every One hundred Barrels of the full Content of such Tun or Vessel, to preserve such Vessel in a proper State and Condition for receiving or storing Strong Beer; and provided also, that no Strong Beer shall be put, cleansed or tunned into any such large Tun, Vat or other Vessel, until all such Table Beer shall have been drawn, pumped or taken out of the same, in the Presence of, or to the Satisfaction of the proper Officer of Excise.

XII. And Whereas the mixing Strong Beer or Strong Worts with Table Beer or Table Beer Worts, or with Water, is very

marked, and Mark continue till sold.

Penalty 50f.

Table Beer to be kept separate from other Beer.

Penalty 501. '

Table Beer put into Vessels, containing more than Three Barrels, Penalty 1001.; except to preserve the Vessel in a State for receiving Strong Beer.

298

C. 38. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Unduly mixing Strong Beer or Strong Worts with Table Beer or Table Beer Worts, £cc.

Penalty 2001. Selling Table Beer at more than 16s. per Barrel, exclusive of Duty.

Penalty 1001.

How Brewers may be discharged of Overcharge made by Officer.

Brewer keeping any other Conveyance from any Cop per, except th< regular Discharge Pipes, &c.

detrimental to His Majesty's Revenue, an Imposition upon the 1 Consumer, and hinders the Sale of genuine Strong Beer;’ Be it therefore enacted, That if any Common Brewer shall mix, or cause or suffer to be mixed, any Strong Beer or Strong Worts with any Table Beer or Table Beer Worts, or with Water, in any Guile Tun, working Tun or fermenting Tun, after such Declaration of the Quantity of such Guile of Beer, of which the same was a Part, shall have been made as is by Law required; or if any Common Brewer shall at any Time mix, or cause or suffer to be mixed, any Strong Beer or Strong Worts with any Table Beer or Table Beer Worts, or with Water, in any Vat, Cask, Tub, Measure or other Vessel or Utensil whatsoever, not being a known and entered Guile Tun, working Tun, or fermenting Tun, every Common Brewer so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Common Brewer shall sell, or cause or permit or suffer to be sold, any Beer brewed and made as or for Table Beer, and charged with Duty as Table Beer, at any greater or higher Price than Sixteen Shillings the Barrel (exclusive of the Duties), either as the Price of the Beer, or under Pretence of Carriage, Credit or Interest of Money, or under any other Pretence whatsoever, such common Brewer shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That upon Complaint made or exhibited before the Commissioners of Excise, or Justices of the Peace respectively, by or on the Behalf of any Common Brewer, for or on Account or by Reason of any Overcharge made on such Common Brewer by any Officer or Officers of Excise, in respect of any Table Beer which shall or may be charged and returned by any such Officer or Officers as Strong Beer, it shall not be lawful to or for the said Commissioners of Excise, or Justices of the Peace respectively, to discharge or acquit any such Brewer of any such Charge so made and returned, or of any Part thereof, unless Proof shall be made before such Commissioners of Excise, or Justices of the Peace respectively, on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to the Satisfaction of such Commissioners or Justices respectively, that the whole and entire Quantity of the Table Beer brewed or made in the Guile or brewing to which the Complaint of Overcharge has Reference or Relation, or at least the greater Part of such Beer, was actually and bond fide sold at a Price not exceeding Sixteen Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duty, nor unless the Names and Residences respectively of the several Persons to whom the said Beer, or such greater Part thereof, was really sold and delivered, and the respective Days when the same was delivered, be given and declared on the Oath of such Witness or Witnesses as aforesaid; any Thing in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Common Brewer shall have or keep any Pipe or other Conveyance from or out of any Copper in his, her or their Brewhouse, save and except the regular Discharge Pipes leading directly to his, her or their Mash Tun, Hop Back, Back or Cooler respectively, nor shall have or keep any fixed or other Pipe or Conveyance leading from

any

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 38.

299

any Under Back, Hop Back, Back or Cooler, except such Pipe or Conveyance as, without any private or concealed Stop Cock therein or thereon shall have a direct and immediate Communication with the known and entered Coppers, Backs, Coolers or working or fermenting Tuns only, on Pain of forfeiting for every such fixed or other Pipe or Conveyance as aforesaid, except such Pipe or Conveyance as is in that Behalf before excepted, the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XVI. And Whereas the Penalty of Twenty Shillings the Barrel for laying off Beer, Ale or Wort, before the Quantity of the Guile, of which such Beer, Ale or Wort shall be Part, shall have been declared, is insufficient to deter evil minded and fraudulent Persons from committing or attempting to commit such Fraud; Be it therefore enacted, That every Common Brewer who shall from and after the First Day of Ma One thousand eight hundred and two, lay off any Beer, Ale or Worts, contrary to the Provisions and true Intent and Meaning of an Act passed in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of William the Third, intituled An Act for repealing a Clause in a former Act relating to Party

Guiles, and for the better preventing Frauds and Abuses in Brewers, and others chargeable with the Duties of, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Dealers and Dealer in and Sellers and Seller of Table Beer, who shall sell, deliver or dispose of any such Beer, exceeding the Quantity of One Gallon at One and the same Time, shall, and he, she or they is and are hereby directed and required to make Entry in Writing at the Office of Excise, within the Limits whereof he, she or they shall so deal in or sell any such Beer as aforesaid, of all Storehouses, Rooms, Cellars or other Places for storing, laying, keeping or selling such Beer, and shall be subject to the Survey, Examination and Inspection of the Officer of Excise, and to all and every the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions of Excise, to which Victuallers or Retailers of Beer or Ale are now subject and liable by any Law or Laws of Excise; and if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall presume to deal in or sell any Table Beer exceeding the Quantity of One Gallon as aforesaid, without making such Entry as aforesaid, every Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons not being a Common Brewer shall be allowed to retail Beer at any greater or higher Price than at and after the Rate of One Penny Halfpenny the Quart, without first entering into a Recognizance and obtaining a Licence as a Common Alehouse Keeper; and if any Person or Persons shall presume to retail or sell any Beer at a greater or higher Price than at and after the Rate of One Penny Halfpenny the Quart Alehouse Measure, without first entering into such Recognizance and obtaining such Licence as aforesaid, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds over and above any Penalty to which such Person or Persons may be subject and liable for selling Beer or Ale without such Licence.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no entered Dealer or Dealers in Beer, being an Exporter or Exporters of Beer or Ale,

Penalty 2001.

Brewers laying off any Beer or Worts contrary to 8 & 9 W. 5. c. 19.

Penalty 1001.

Persons selling Table Beer in a larger Quantity than a Gallon, to make Entry at the Excise Office of Store houses, &C-

Penalty 50l.

Retailing Beer at a higher Price than Three Halfpence per Quart without a Licence.

Penalty 501.

Exporter keeping Table Beer in any entered

C. 38. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802

Place for Strong Beer, Penalty 50h

Mixing Liquor to imitate, or to be mixed with, or to be used as Beer made from Malt and Hops, or sell -ing such Liquor, Penalty 2001. and Forfeiture of the Liquor, &c.

Brewer receiving Stale Beer or Beer Grounds, or mixing with Beer Liquor

shall have, lay or keep any Table Beer in any Cellar, Vault or other Place entered for laying or keeping Strong Beer; and if any entered Dealer or Dealers in Beer, being an Exporter or Exporters of Beer or Ale, shall have, lay or keep any Table Beer in any Cellar, Vault or other Place entered for laying or keeping Strong Beer, the Person or Persons so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Ponnds.

XX. And Whereas many Persons under Pretence of recovering

Stale Beer, or making or preparing Beer Finings or Colouring for Beer, or under other Pretences, have compounded, fabricated or prepared from divers Materials and Ingredients, noxious and unwholesome, and injurious to the Health of His Majesty's Subjects, Liquor to imitate or resemble Beer or Ale, brewed entirely from Malt and Hops, or to be mixed with Beer or Ale so brewed, to the great Injury of His Majesty's Subjects, and of the fair Trader, and of His Majesty's Revenue; For Remedy whereof be it enacted, That, from and after the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, no Person or Persons shall mix, compound, fabricate, manufacture or prepare, or cause, procure, permit or suffer to be mixed, compounded, fabricated, manufactured or prepared from Beer Grounds, Stale Beer, Sugar Water, Distillers’ spent Wash, Sugar, Melasses, Vitriol, Quassia, Coculus Indiae, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Opium or any other Material or Ingredient whatever (except Malt and Hops), any Liquor to imitate or resemble, or to be mixed with or used as Beer or Ale brewed or made from Malt and Hops; nor shall sell, dispose of, send or deliver, or cause to be sold, disposed of, sent or delivered to any Brewer or Brewers of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers, or Retailer or Retailers of Beer or Ale, or to any other Person or Persons whatsoever, any such Liquor so mixed, compounded, fabricated, manufactured or prepared as aforesaid, on pain of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and all such Liquor so mixed, compounded, fabricated, manufactured or prepared as aforesaid; and also all the Beer Grounds, Stale Beer, Sugar Water, Distillers’ spent Wash, Sugar, Melasses, Vitriol, Quassia, Coculus Indiae, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Opium and every other Material or Ingredient whatsoever as aforesaid (other than Malt and Hops), in the Custody or Possession of such Person or Persons, together with every Copper, Cooler, Back, Tun, Vat or other Vessel or Utensil whatsoever in which any such Liquor, Material or Ingredient shall be contained or which shall have been made Use of, or employed for or in the mixing, compounding, fabricating, manufacturing, preparing or keeping any such Liquor; and all such Liquor, Materials and Ingredients, together with every such Copper, Cooler, Back, Tun, Vat or other Vessel or Utensil as aforesaid shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

[See 51 G. 3. c. 87. § L]

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Brewer or Brewers of or Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Beer or Ale shall receive or take into his, her or their Custody or Possession any Stale Beer or Beer Grounds, or shall mix or mingle with any Beer or Ale, any Liquor compounded, fabricated or prepared from

Beer

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III.

0. 38.

301

Beer Grounds, Stale Beer, Sugar Water, Distillers’ spent Wash, Sugar, Melasses, Vitriol, Quassia, Coculus Indiae, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Opium or any other Material or Ingredient (except Malt and I-Iops), or in the Fabrication, Manufacture or Preparation whereof any Beer Grounds, Stale Beer, Sugar Water, Distillers’ spent Wash, Sugar, Melasses, Vitriol, Quassia, Coculus Indiae, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Opium or any Material or Ingredient (other than Malt and Hops), is or shall be mixed, employed or made Use of, nor shall have, receive or take into his, her or their Custody or Possession any Liquor compounded, fabricated or prepared as aforesaid, on pain of forfeiting, for every such Offence, the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

[See

51 G. 3. c. 87. § 1.]

XXII. Provided always nevertheless, That no Brewer or Dealer in, or Seller of Beer or Ale, shall be subject or liable to the said Penalty of One hundred Pounds, for or by reason of his, her or their receiving or taking into his, her or their Custody or Possession any Stale Beer which shall have been returned to him, her or them, for being disliked by any Person or Persons to whom he, she or they had sold or delivered such Beer, or for or by reason of his, her or their receiving or taking into his, her or their Custody or Possession any such Beer Grounds in the Bottom of any Cask returned to him, her or them, by any Person or Persons to whom he, she or they had sent the same, filled with the Beer from whence such Grounds were produced: Provided also, that no Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of, Beer or Ale, not being a Brewer or Brewers of Beer or Ale, shall be subject or liable to the said Penalty of One hundred Pounds, for or by reason of his, her or their having, receiving or taking into his, her or their Custody or Possession any Liquor, compounded, fabricated or prepared from Beer Grounds, Stale Beer, Sugar Water, Distillers’ spent Wash, Sugar, Melasses, Vitriol or Quassia, Coculus Indiae, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, or any other Materials or Ingredients other than Malt and Hops, or in the Fabrication, Manufacture or Preparation whereof any Materials or Ingredients as aforesaid, other than Malt and Hops, has been mixed, employed or made Use of, if at the Trial or Hearing for the Recovery of the said Penalty, such Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Beer or Ale, shall prove to the Satisfaction of the Court and Jury before whom any such Trial shall be so had, or to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Excise or Justices of the Peace before whom any such Hearing shall be so had, that such Liquor was bought and received by such Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Beer or Ale, in the fair, open and usual Course of Trade, of and from some commonly reputed regular Brewer of Beer or Ale, and that such Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Beer or Ale, had no Knowledge of such Liquor being compounded, fabricated or prepared contrary to the Directions of this Act in that Behalf aforesaid.

XXIII. And, to the End that the Officers of Excise may be able to taste, examine and ascertain, whether any Liquor which they shall or may suspect to be Liquor mixed, compounded, manufactured or prepared from any such Materials or Ingredients as aforesaid, other than Malt and Hops, to imitate or resemble, or to be mixed

with

made from Materials, except Malt and Hops, Penalty 1001.

Proviso for Brewer receiving returned Stale Beer from Customers; and for Dealers, not being Brewers, for having Liquor not made from Malt and Hops, if proved that it was bought in open Trade, and no Knowledge of its Manufacture.

302

C. 38. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Excise Officers may take Samples of Liquors they suspect to be mixed, on paying for the same.

Excise Officers having Cause to suspect that any Persons mix Liquor to imitate or to be mixed with or used as Beer, &c. may search suspected Places, and seize such Liquors and the Utensils.

with or used as Beer or Ale brewed or made from Malt and Hops be such Liquor as aforesaid, be it enacted, That every such Officer and Officers shall and may, and is and are hereby empowered, as often as to them or any of them shall seem expedient, to take a Sample or Samples of any Liquor which he or they shall or may so suspect to be Liquor mixed, compounded, fabricated, manufactured or prepared from any such Materials or Ingredients as aforesaid (other than Malt and Hops), to imitate or resemble, or to be mixed with or used as Beer or Ale brewed or made from Malt and Hops, such Sample or Samples not exceeding three Gallons at any One Time, on paying at and after the Hate of Eighteen Pence by the Gallon for the same if demanded.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer or Officers of Excise shall have Cause to suspect that any Person or Persons does in any Place or Places whatsoever mix, compound, fabricate, manufacture or prepare from any such Materials or Ingredients as aforesaid (other than Malt and Hops), any Liquor to imitate or resemble, or to be mixed with or used as Beer or Ale brewed or made from Malt and Hops, or to be sold, disposed of, sent or delivered to any Brewer or Brewers of, or Dealer or Dealers in Beer or Ale, or to any other Person or Persons whatsoever, or that any such Liquor so mixed, compounded, fabricated, manufactured or prepared as aforesaid has been sold, disposed of, sent or delivered to any Brewer or Brewers of, or Dealer or Dealers in, Seller or Sellers, or Retailer or Retailers of Beer or Ale, or to any other Person or Persons whatsoever, and that the same is or shall be lodged or deposited in any Place or Places whatsoever; then and in every such Case, if such Place or Places shall be within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers before the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being, or any Two or more of them; or in case such Place or Places shall be in any other Part of Great Britain, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Shire, Division or Place, where such suspected Place or Places shall be situate, setting forth the Ground of his or their Suspicion, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, or the Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively, as the case may require, before whom such Oath shall be made, if they or he shall judge it reasonable, by Special Warrant or Warrants under his and their respective Hands and Seals to authorize and empower such Officer or Officers, by Day or by Night, but if in the Night, then in the Presence of a Constable or other lawful Officer of the Peace, to enter into all and every such Place or Places where he or they shall so suspect any Person or Persons to mix, compound, fabricate, manufacture or prepare from Beer Grounds, Stale Beer, Sugar Water, Distillers’ spent Wash, Sugar, Melasses, Vitriol, Quassia, Coculus Indiae, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Opium or any such Materials, Mixture or Ingredients as aforesaid (other than Malt and Hops), any Liquor to imitate or resemble, or to be used as Beer or Ale brewed from Malt and Hops, or to be mixed with Beer or Ale, or to be sold, disposed of, sent or delivered to any Brewer or Brewers of, or Dealer or Dealers in,

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 38. 303

or Seller or Sellers, or Retailer or Retailers of Beer or Ale, or to any other Person or Persons whatsoever; or where such Officer or Officers shall suspect any such Liquor so mixed, compounded, fabricated, manufactured or prepared as aforesaid, or sold, disposed of, sent or delivered to any Brewer or Brewers of, Dealer or Dealers in, Seller or Sellers of, or Retailer or Retailers of Beer or Ale, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, is or shall be so lodged or deposited, and to seize and carry away as forfeited all such Liquor which he or they shall then and there find, and all and every other Material or Ingredient whatsoever as aforesaid, (other than Malt and Hops), and also all and every Copper, Cooler, Back, Tun, Yat and other Vessel or Utensil whatsoever, which he or they shall then and there find, in which any such Liquor, Material or Ingredient shall be contained, or which shall have been made Use of, or employed for, or in the mixing, compounding, fabricating, manufacturing, preparing or keeping any such Liquor; and the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession the same respectively shall be found, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if ariy Question shall arise whether any Liquor which shall be seized as and for Liquor mixed, compounded, fabricated, manufactured or prepared from any other Material or Ingredient as aforesaid (other than Malt and Hops), be Liquor so mixed, compounded, fabricated, manufactured or prepared, the Proof of such Liquor not being Liquor mixed, compounded, fabricated, manufactured or prepared from other Materials or Ingredients than Malt and Hops, shall lie upon the Owner or Claimer thereof.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Maltsters or Makers

of Malt, Sellers or Retailers of Malt, Brewers, Distillers, Innkeepers, Victuallers and Vinegar Makers, and all and every other Persons and Person whatsoever, who, in Trust for them, or any or either of them, or for the Use, Benefit or Account of them, or any or either of them, shall have in his, her or their Custody or Possession, or in his, her or their Houses, Outhouses, Barns, Granaries, or in any other Place or Places whatsoever, upon the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, an)?- Parcel or

Quantity of Malt whatsoever, shall on that Day, or within ten Days next ensuing, give a true and particular Account thereof in Writing at the Office of Excise within the Limits of which he, she or they shall then respectively inhabit, upon pain of forfeiting the Sum of One hundred Pounds for every Neglect therein; and the Malt of which no such Account as aforesaid shall have been given, may and shall be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the several and respective Duties on such Malt shall be payable and paid to the proper Officer or Officers of Excise for receiving the same within one Calendar Month after he, she or they shall have given or ought to have given such Account as aforesaid; and all such Maltsters or Makers of Malt, Sellers or Retailers of Malt, Brewers, Distillers, Innkeepers, Victuallers and Vinegar Makers, who shall refuse or neglect to make such Payment for his, her or their Stock of Malt within the Time by this Act limited for that Purpose, shall forfeit double the Amount of the Duties which should have been so paid by him, her or them as aforesaid.

Persons having such Liquors, Penalty 1001.

Proof on the Owner or Claimer.

Maltsters, &c. having Malt on May 1. 1802, to give an Account thereof to Excise Office, Penalty 1001. and Forfeiture thereof.

Duties on such Malt to be paid within a Month, Penalty Double the Duties.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

304

Excise Officers to take an Account of all such Malt, and admeasure the same.

Obstruction Officer, Penalty 1001.

Removing or concealing such Malt before Duties charged,

Penalty 1001.

and Malt removed or concealed may be seized, and Penalty.

Hours when Maltsters to begin to wet Grain for Malt,

C. 38.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Officers of Excise respectively to take a true and particular Account and Admeasurement of all such Malt as any Maltsters or Makers of Malt, Sellers or Retailers of Malt, Brewers, Distillers, Innkeepers, Victuallers or Vinegar Makers, or any Person or Persons in Trust, or for the Use, Benefit or Account of them, or any or either of them, shall on the said First Day of One thousand eight hundred and two have, be possessed of or interested in, and for that Purpose to enter into any Dwelling House, Outhouse, Barn, Granary or other Place whatsoever belonging to every and any such Maltster or Maker of Malt, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Brewer, Distiller, Innkeeper, Victualler and Vinegar Maker, and each of them, and every such Person is hereby required to permit and suffer such Officer or Officers, on the said First Day of, or afterwards, at any Time before the Duty upon such Malt shall be paid at his or their Request, to enter and take such Account and Admeasurement thereof as aforesaid, and for that Purpose to cast such Malt into a regular Form for the better ascertaining the Quantity thereof; and if they, any or either of them shall refuse to permit or suffer any Officer or Officers of Excise so to do, or if any Person or Persons shall obstruct, oppose, molest or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise in the due Execution of such Powers hereby given, he, she or they shall respectively forfeit One hundred Pounds for every such Offence; and if any Maltster or Maker of Malt, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Brewer, Distiller, Innkeeper, Victualler or Vinegar Maker, or any other Person or Persons, having in his, her or their Custody or Possession any Quantity of Malt chargeable by this Act with the said Duty or Duties, or any Part thereof, for Stock as aforesaid, shall clandestinely remove or carry away, or cause or suffer to be removed or carried away, the same, or any Part thereof, before the Duties thereupon shall be charged, or shall fraudulently conceal or hide, or cause or suffer to be concealed or hid, or shall not produce to the Inspection of the Officer of Excise or Gauger such Malt, and every Part thereof, that then and in every such Case, every Person so offending, for every such Offence, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and the Malt which shall be so clandestinely removed or carried away, or fraudulently concealed or hid, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession such Malt shall be found, who shall not, before the Discovery thereof, give Notice at the next Office of Excise of the Quantity of Malt so in his, her or their Custody or Possession, shall also forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings for every Bushel of such Malt.

XXVIII. And Whereas by the fraudulent Practices of evil f minded Persons the Duty on Malt is materially diminished, and the Malt much injured For Remedy whereof, be it enacted, That from and after the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, no Maltster or Maker of Malt shall begin to wet or steep any Corn or Grain to be made into Malt at any other Time than between the Hours of Eight in the Morning and Two in the Afternoon, nor shall any Maltster or Maker of Malt empty or take any Corn or Grain from or out of his, her or their Cistern, Uting Vat or other Vessel or Utensil used for the wetting or

steeping

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 38.

305

steeping of Corn or Grain as aforesaid, at any other Time than between the Hours of Seven in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon; and if any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall begin to wet or steep any Corn or Grain at any other Time than between the Hours of Eight in the Morning and Two in the Afternoon, or shall at any other Time than between the Hours of Seven in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon, empty or take any Corn or Grain from or out of his, her or their Cistern, Uting Vat or other Vessel or Utensil used for the wetting or steeping of Corn or Grain, every such Maltster or Maker of Malt so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That out of every Twenty Bushels of Malt, which shall be gauged and charged upon the Floor, after the same shall have been taken or thrown out of the Cistern, Uting Vat, or other Vessel or Utensil, by the Space of Twenty six Hours or more, and before the same shall be dried upon the Kiln, there shall be allowed Ten Bushels, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That no Maltster or Maker

of Malt shall wet, water or sprinkle, or cause or suffer to be wetted, watered or sprinkled, any Corn or Grain making into Malt, in any State or Stage of Operation, after the same shall have been emptied, thrown or taken from or out of the Cistern, Uting Vat or other Vessel or Utensil used for steeping such Corn or Grain, for and until the full End and Expiration of Twelve Days, on pain of forfeiting for each and every such Offence the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

[ Repeal, 46 3. c. 139. § 1.]

XXXI. And Whereas Maltsters and Makers of Malt do some- times wet, water, sprinkle or damp Malt after the same has been i dried on the Kiln, and before such Malt is delivered into the Cus- tody of the Brewer or other Person who may have purchased, i bargained, or agreed for the same, to the great Injury of the Malt, and the Detriment of the Purchaser thereof for Remedy whereof, be it further enacted, That if any Maltster or Maker of Malt shall, from and after the said First Day of One thousand eight hundred and two, wet, water, sprinkle or damp, or procure, cause, permit or suffer to be wetted, watered, sprinkled or damped, any Malt at any Time after the same shall have been taken from or thrown off the Kiln, and before such Malt shall be delivered into the Custody of the Brewer or other Person who may have purchased, bargained or agreed for the same, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, except in the ordinary Process of brewing Beer from such Malt, every such Maltster or Maker of Malt so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Maltster or Maker of Malt to drain the Water from any Corn or Grain, whilst the same shall be steeping in any Cistern, Uting Vat or other Vessel or Utensil, before the End or Expiration of Forty Hours from the Time such Corn or Grain was first wetted and completely covered with Water: Provided always,

that

Penalty 1001.

Allowance upon Malt charged upon Floor, after having been taken out, and before dried on Kiln.

Unduly watering, &c. Grain making into Malt.

Penalty 2001.

Maltster wet-' ting Malt after taken from Kiln.

Penalty 1001.

Proviso for Maltsters draining the Water from Grain steeping, before the End of 40 Hours after

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

306

first wetted, at certain Times, and under certain Condi' tions.

Servants to Maltsters beginning to wet or remove Grain, &c. contrary to the Regulations of this Act, may be apprehended by any Excise Officer and carried before a Justice, who may fine them 50l., and on Nonpayment commit them to the House of Correction.

C. 38.

that no such Water shall be drained from any such Corn or Grain before the End or Expiration of such Forty Hours, unless the Maltster or Maker of Malt so draining the same shall, in his, her or their last preceding Entry or Notice in Writing for the making of Malt, at the next Office of Excise, have stated his, her or their Intention so to drain off such Water with the exact Hour and Time, between the Flours of Eight in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon, when such Water is so to be drained; nor unless such Water shall be drained from such Corn or Grain between the said Hours of eight in the Morning and four in the Afternoon; nor more than once during the said Space of Forty Hours; and that such Corn or Grain be again completely covered with Water within the Space of One Hour from the Time of such Water having been begun to be so drained; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Workman, Servant or Labourer employed by, or in the Service of, any Maltster or Maker of Malt, shall begin to wet or steep any Corn or Grain at any other Time than between the Hours of Eight in the Morning and Two in the Afternoon, or if any such Workman, Servant or Labourer as aforesaid, shall at any other Time than between the Hours of Seven in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon, take or remove any Corn or Grain from or out of any Cistern, Uting Vat or other Vessel or Utensil in which the same shall have been wetted or steeped, or shall wet, water or sprinkle any Corn or Grain making into Malt, in any State or Stage of Operation whatever, after the same shall have been emptied, thrown or taken from or out of the Cistern, Uting Vat or other Vessel or Utensil used for steeping such Corn or Grain until the full End and Expiration of Twelve Days after the same shall have been emptied, thrown or taken from or out of any such Cistern, Uting Vat or other Vessel or Utensil used for steeping such Corn or Grain as aforesaid, and before such Corn or Grain shall be put or laid on the Kiln; every such Workman, Servant or Labourer as aforesaid, so offending in any or either of the Particulars aforesaid, shall and may be apprehended by any Officer or Officers of Excise, and taken before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City or Liberty respectively, wherein such Workman, Servant or Labourer shall be found, and it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively, on the Parties’ Confession of any such Offence as aforesaid respectively, or on Proof thereof by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to convict in the Penalty of Fifty Pounds every Workman, Servant or Labourer so proved to have been guilty of any or either of the said Offences respectively; and every such Workman, Servant or Labourer so convicted as aforesaid, shall immediately on such Conviction pay down into the Hands of such Officer the said Penalty in which he or she shall be so convicted, to be applied in Manner herein after directed; and if any such Workman, Servant or Labourer so convicted shall not forthwith pay down the said Penalty, the said Justice or Justices shall, and he or they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to commit the Party so convicted

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. a

C. 38.

307

victed as aforesaid to the House of Correction for the said County,

Riding, Division, City or Liberty respectively, there to remain to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Twelve Months, to be reckoned from the Day of such Conviction; and the Person so convicted shall not be discharged until he or she shall have paid the said Penalty, or until the Expiration of the Time for which such Commitment was made.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Excise Officers said First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, it at aI1 shall and may be lawful to and for any Officer or Officers of pj^susedfor Excise, as well by Night as by Day, to enter every Malthouse or making or other Place made use of by any Maltster or Maker of Malt for keeping of the making or keeping of Malt or Corn for the making of Malt, Malt, or Cora and to examine, gauge measure and take Account of all Corn or

Grain in such House or other Place as aforesaid, whether such tak^an Ac-

Corn or Grain shall be in a State of Operation for making into Malt count thereof.

or otherwise; and also of all Malt that shall be in such Malthouse

or other Place as aforesaid; and if any such Maltster or Maker of Obstruction

Malt shall refuse to permit any such Officer or Officers of Excise them.

as aforesaid to enter into any such Malthouse or other Place as

aforesaid, or if any such Maltster or Maker of Malt, as aforesaid,

or any other Person, shall hinder, impede or disturb any Officer

or Officers of Excise in the due Execution of the Powers or

Authorities granted by this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament

relating to the Duties on Malt, every such Maltster or Maker of

Malt, or other Person respectively, shall for every such Offence Penalty 2001.

forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons obstructing whatsoever shall molest, disturb, hinder, oppose or impede any Officers. Officer or Officers of Excise in the due Execution of the Powers

and Authorities by this Act granted, or any or either of them, except in such Cases for which other Penalties are by this Act provided, every Person so offending shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds. Penalty 200I.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties Recovery and and Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall be sued for, recovered, Application of levied or mitigated by such Waj^s, Means or Methods as any Penalties.

Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt,

Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the same.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers and 12 Car. 2. c. 24. Authorities, Directions, Rules, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, and other Acts Clauses, Matters and Things which in and by an Act made in the m force relating Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled extend^T^this An Act for talcing away the Court of Wards and Liveries and Act as far as Tenures in capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance; and applicable.

for settling a Revenue upon His Majesty lieu thereof; or by any other Law now in force relating to His Majesty's Revenues of Excise are provided and established for managing, raising, levying,

308

C. 38. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Application of Duties.

Application of Part of the annual Duties on Malt.

ing, collecting, mitigating or receiving, adjudging or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted or any of them (other than in such Cases for which other Penalties or Provisions are made or prescribed. by this Act), shall he practised, used and put in Execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering and paying the Duties by this Act granted upon Beer, Ale, Malt and Hops, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if all and every the said Powers, Authorities, Directions, Pules, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, were particularly repeated and reenacted in this present Act.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Money arising by the Duties by this Act imposed (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted), shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster; and the said Money so paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and that at the End of every Quarter of a Year after the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two; that is to say, on the Fifth Day of, the Tenth Day of

October, the Fifth Day of January, and the Fifth Day of April in every Year, there shall be set apart at the said Receipt, of the Monies arising from the Rates and Duties granted by this Act, the Sum of Forty one thousand one hundred and thirty four Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Nine Pence, being One fourth Part of the Sum of One hundred and sixty four thousand one hundred and thirty nine Pounds, the Average yearly Produce for Three Years, ending on the Fifth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and ninety five, of the Duties on Small Beer and Table Beer which are repealed by this Act; and that after setting apart such Quarterly Sums as aforesaid, the Remainder of the Monies, arising by the said Rates and Duties by this Act granted, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue, for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made or Stock created or to be created by virtue of any Act or Acts passed or to be passed in this Session of Parliament; and that during the Space of Ten Years next ensuing, there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, a Book or Books in which all the Surplus Monies, arising from the said Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt, shall, together with the Monies arising by the Repeal of the Allowances granted to Brewers and others by the said Act of the Twenty seventh Year aforesaid, according to the Average herein after mentioned, and also the Monies arising from any other Rates and Duties granted in this Session of Parliament for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatsoever.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That out of the Duties on Malt which have been or shall be annually granted by Parliament, there shall, at the End of every Quarter of a Year after passing this Act, that is to say, the Fifth Day of, the Fifth Day of July, the Tenth Day of October, and the Fifth Day of January in every Year, be set apart at the said Receipt of His Majesty’s

Exchequer,

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 38, 39, 40.

309

Exchequer, the Sum of One hundred and nine thousand seven hundred and ninety eight Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Eight Pence, being One fourth Part of the Sum of Four hundred thirty nine thousand one hundred and ninety five Pounds Two Shillings and Eight Pence, the Average yearly Amount of Three Years, ended the Fifth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and ninety five, of the Allowances granted to Brewers and others out of the said Duty on Malt, and which Allowances are by this Act repealed, and the said Sum so set apart shall be also deemed an Addition made to the Revenue for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge, or of supplying any Deficiency as aforesaid, occasioned by any Loan made or Stock created, or to be created by virtue of any Act or Acts passed or to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for extending the Time for the Payment of certain Sums of Money advanced by way of Loan to several Persons connected with and trading to the Islands of Gi'enada and Saint Vincent.

[30th April 1802.]

[See 43 G.3. c. 40.]

CAP. XL.

An Act to continue until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, the Restrictions contained in several Acts of the Thirty seventh and Thirty eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, on Payments in Cash by the Bank.

[30th 1802.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirtjr seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled^ Act for -

‘ firming and continuing, for a limited the Restriction contained

in the Minute of Council of the Twenty sixth February

sand seven hundred and ninety-seven, on Payments of Cash by the Bank; which Act was continued and amended by another Act,

passed in the Thirty seventh Year aforesaid, intituled An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act made this present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for confirming and continuing,

for a limited Time, the Restriction contained the Minute of Council of the Twenty sixth Day February One thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, on Payments of Cash by the Bank,*

under certain Regulations and Restrictions: And Whereas the

Provisions of the said last recited Act were amended and further 4continued until One Month after the Conclusion of the present

War by(an Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend and continue,

until One Month after the Conclusion of the present War, the Provisions contained in an Act passed in the of Parliament of the Thirty sixth and Thirty seventh Years of His present Majesty, Chapter Ninety one, videlicet, on the Twenty second of June One thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, for the Re-

strictionon Payments of Cash by the Bank: And Whereas it is 1 expedient that the Provisions of the said Acts, so far as the same

42 Geo. III. Y

37 G. 3. c. 45.

37 G. 3. c. 91.

38 G. 3. C. 1.

are

310

C. 40—43. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Continued until March 1. 1803.

EXP.

1 are amended and continued by the said last recited Act, should be further continued:’ May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Provisions of the said Acts passed in the Thirty seventh Year aforesaid, so far as the same are amended and continued by the said Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year aforesaid, and also the said recited Act of the Thirty eighth Year aforesaid, shall be, and the same are hereby further continued until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three.

[ The above Acts continued as therein-mentioned; further continued until ls£ May 1823. 59 3. 49. § 1. and see

1^2G.4. cc. 26, 27.]

CAP. XLI.

An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Great Britai?i to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and two.

[4th May 1802.]

CAP. XLII.

An Act for repealing the Duties on Income; for the effectual Collection of Arrears of the said Duties, and accounting for the same; and for charging the Annuities specifically charged thereon upon the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

[4th May 1802.]

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Goods imported into and exported from Great, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels entering Outwards or Inwards in any Port of Great Britain to or from Foreign Parts.

[7th May 1802.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and land, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's publick Expences, and making a permanent Addition to the publick Revenue of Great have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several new and additional Duties herein after mentionedAnd do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Twelfth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 43.

511

two, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, upon Goods, Wares or Merchandize imported or brought into Great Britain from Parts beyond the Seas, and upon Goods, Wares or Merchandize exported from Great Britain, the several new and additional Duties of Customs, as the same are respectively inserted, described and set forth in Figures in the Tables hereunto annexed, marked A., B., C. and D., except as in this Act is provided.

43 G.3. c. 68. § 1.]

II. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where, by the

Table hereunto annexed marked A., the new and additional Duties of Customs by this Act imposed upon the Importation of Goods, Wares and Merchandize into Great Britain are charged, not according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge or Measure, but according to the Value thereof, such Value shall be taken and considered as the same shall be at the Port of Importation without any Abatement or Deduction whatever, except of so much as the Duties payable on the Importation thereof by this or any other Act of Parliament shall amount to, and that such Value shall be ascertained, except as in this Act is provided by the Declaration of the Importer or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so imported, or of his known Agent or Factor, in the Manner and Form, and under all the Rules and Regulations, and subject to the same Forfeitures and Penalties as are prescribed, directed and imposed, for ascertaining and collecting the Duties to be paid according to the Value thereof, by an Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and and

granting other Duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said

Duties, together with the other Dutie, composing the publick Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain, Wares and

Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies remaining the, for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National and in case such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall not be valued according to the true and real Value thereof, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then it shall be lawful for the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs to cause the same to be detained; and the said Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be dealt with, and the proper Officers of the Customs shall proceed in every Respect in the Manner prescribed in such Case by the said recited Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That if upon the Importation of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, on which the new and additional Duties of Customs hereby imposed, are charged in the Table hereunto annexed, marked A. according to the Value thereof, the Importer or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, his known Agent or Factor, shall not be able to make an Entry of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, according to the true and real Value thereof, without the same being landed and examined, such Importer, Proprietor, Agent or Factor, shall upon making Oath before the Collector or Comptroller

The additional Duties of Customs in the annexed Tabled A., B., C. and D. shall be paid.

Where, by Table A., the Duties are charged according to Value, it shall be taken as at the Port of Importation, deducting Duties, and ascertained according to 27 G. 3. c. 15. and if not truly valued, the Goods may be detained by the Officers of the Customs.

If the real Value cannot be ascertained without the Goods being landed and examined, a Deposit to secure the new Duties may be made, and when ascer-

:nc2

C. 43. 42° GEO. III.

A.D. 1802.

taimnl, the Duties to be paid before Delivery of the Goods;

and if their Value cannot be ascertained without being sold, they may -be delivered for that Purpose on Payment of the former Duties, & c.

No Wine imported since Oct. I. 1801, taken out of Warehouse until additional Duties paid.

Plow Value of Goods imported by E. I. C. (chargeable under Schedule 13.) ascertained.

of the Customs at the Port of Importation, that he is not enabled to ascertain the true and real Value thereof, in the Manner in this Act prescribed, be at Liberty to make a Deposit sufficient to secure the new and additional Duties hereby imposed; and the Value of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall, in such Case, as soon as may be after the Examination therof, be ascertained by the Declaration of such Importer, Proprietor, Agent or Eactor, in the Manner, and subject to the Rules, Regulations, Forfeitures, and Penalties in thi6 Act directed, and the said new and additional Duties shall be paid (except as in this Act is provided) before the delivery of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize; and if the Value of any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize imported into Great Britain,cannot after Examination thereof be ascertained so

as to enable the Importer or Proprietor thereof, or his known Agent or Factor, to make an Entry according to the true Intent and real Value thereof, without the said Goods, Wares or Merchandize being publickly sold, and the same shall be made appear to the satisfaction of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, or any three or more of them, in England or Scotland respectively, the said Goods, Wares or Merchandize, after Payment of the Duties charged thereon, by any former Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the Twelfth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, shall and may be delivered for the Purpose of being so publickly sold, such Deposit being made as aforesaid; and the Entry of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall, in such Case, be completed within Seven Days after such Sale, and the new and additional Duties hereby imposed shall be paid upon the Value thereof, according to the Price at which such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall have been so publickly sold, without any Abatement or Deduction whatever, except of so much as the Duties payable on the Importation thereof by this or any other Act of Parliament shall amount to, such Price to be ascertained by the Oath of the Importer or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or of his known Agent or Factor, before the Collector or Comptroller of the Customs at the Port of Importation.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That from and after the Twelfth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, no Wine which shall have been imported into Great Britain since the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and one, shall be taken out of any Warehouse or Place wherein it shall have been deposited and secured under His Majesty's Locks, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force, on or immediately before the passing of this Act, for the Purpose of being used or consumed in Great Brita, unless and until the new; and additional Duties of Customs by this Act imposed shall have been paid to the proper Officer of the Customs.

V. And be it further enacted, That in cases whereby the Table hereunto annexed, marked B., the new and additional Duties of Customs hereby imposed upon Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, are charged not according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge or Measure, but according to the Value thereof,

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 43.

such Value shall be ascertained by the Gross Price at which such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be sold at the publick Sales of the said Company; and the said new and additional Duties shall be paid thereon as the same are inserted, described and set forth in the said Table marked B.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the new

and additional Duties of Customs hereby imposed upon Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported by the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Indies shall be

due and payable upon all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize as shall from and after the Twelfth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, be sold at the public Sales of the said Company; and shall be paid or secured in such Manner and at such Times, and subject to such Rules, Regulations and Restrictions as are prescribed and directed, with respect to the Payment of any former Duties imposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the Twelfth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, upon such Goods, Wares and Merchandize respectively imported by the said Company.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Value of all Goods,

Wares and Merchandize imported or brought into Great

and condemned as Prize, and on which the new and additional Duties of Customs are by this Act imposed and charged in the Table hereunto annexed, marked A. not according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge or Measure, but according to the Value thereof, shall be ascertained by the Gross Price at which such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be publickly sold, without any Deduction or Abatement whatever.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend, er be construed to extend, to charge with the new and additional Duties of Customs hereby imposed on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into Great, the

following Articles, videlicet;

Bullion or Foreign Coin of Gold or Silver.

Fresh Fish, British, taken and imported in British built Ships or Vessels, owned, navigated and registered according to Law.

Turbots and Lobsters, however taken or imported.

Corn or Grain.

Flax, rough or undried.

Sugar.

Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace and Nutmegs; and Furs and Skins of the Produce of and imported from any British Colony or Plantation in America. Sheep’s Wool.

Spanish Wool.

Tobacco, Coffee, Cocoa Nuts or Rice, imported and warehoused, unless and until such Tobacco, Coffee, Cocoa Nuts or Rice shall be taken out of such Warehouse for the Purpose of being used or consumed in Great in which Case the said new and additional Duties shall be paid to the proper Officer of the Customs, before such Tobacco* Coffee, Cocoa Nuts or Rice, shall he deli-Y 3 vered

%\i

Additional Duties on Goods imported by E. I. C. payable on all sold at their public Sales after May 12.1802.

Ho'v Value of Prize Goods chargeable by Table A. ascertained.

Articles exempt from additional Duties on Importation.

314-

Importers of Produce of Newfoundland Fishery, directly from Newfoundland, may

C. 43. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

vered out of such Warehouse for the Purposs of being so used or consumed.

Goods, Wares and Merchandize of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Ireland, imported directly from thence into Great Britain.

Goods, Wares or Merchandize' imported into Great Britain from Hudson s Bay by the Hudson s Bay Company.

Goods, Wares or Merchandize of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of the Islands of, Sark

or Man, imported into Great Britain directly from the said Islands respectively, in case such Goods, Wares or Merchandize were allowed by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing this Act, to be imported without the Payment of any Customs or other Duties, except such Excise or other Duty as is now or shall hereafter, for the Time being, be due and payable for the like Goods of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great subject nevertheless to all the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, to which the same are liable when imported from the said Islands without Payment of the Customs or other Duties as aforesaid, under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing or this Act. Goods, Wares or Merchandize, being of the Growth and Produce of any Foreign Colony, Island, or Plantation in America, and imported into Great Britain directly from any such Colony, Island or Plantation in any British built Ship or Vessel owned, navigated and registered according to Law, or in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any of the Subjects of the United States of

or of any other Country or Place in Amity with His Majesty; provided such Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall be permitted to be landed and warehoused in Great Britain, by virtue of and under the Authority of any Order or Orders of His Majesty in Council: Provided also, that in case any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be taken out of any such Warehouse, for the* Purpose of being used or consumed in

tain', the said new and additional Duties shall be paid to the proper Officer of the Customs, before any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be delivered out of any such Warehouse for the Purpose of being so used or consumed.

Articles of Provision which shall be permitted to be entered and landed in Great Brtain without Payment of any Duty of Customs, by virtue and under the Authority of any Order or Orders of His Majesty in Council.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Importer, Proprietor or Consignee of any Fish, Oil, Blubber, Seal Skins or other Produce of the British Newfoundland Fishery, imported into Great Britain directly from the Island of Newfoundland, to give Bond to His Majesty, His

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 4 315

Heirs and Successors, with One sufficient Surety, in the Penalty of Treble the Amount of the supposed or estimated Duty on such Fish, Oil or other Produce as aforesaid, with Condition that such Fish, Oil or other Produce of the said Fishery shall be duly exported from Great Britain, or that the new and additional Duties of Customs by this Act imposed on the Importation thereof shall be paid within Twelve Calendar Months from the Date of such Bond: which Bond shall be taken by the Collector of the Customs at the Port of Importation, who is hereby authorized and required to take such Bond.

X. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where, by the Table hereunto annexed, marked C., the new and additional Duties of Customs by this Act imposed upon the Exportation of Goods, Wares and Merchandize from Great Britain are charged, not according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge or Measure, but according to the Value thereof, such Value shall be taken and considered as the same shall be at the Port of Exportation, without any Deduction or Abatement whatever, except of so much as the Duties of Customs and Excise paid or payable by this or any other Act of Parliament, on any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall amount to; and that such Value shall be ascertained (except as in this Act is provided) by the Declaration of the Exporter or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, or of his known Agent or Factor, in the Manner and Form, and under all the Rules and Regulations and subject to the same Forfeitures and Penalties as are prescribed, directed and imposed for ascertaining and collecting the Duties to be paid, according to the Value thereof, by the said recited Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and in case such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall not be valued according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then it shall be lawful for the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs to cause the same to be detained, and the said Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be dealt with, and the proper Officers of the Customs shall proceed in every respect in the Manner prescribed in such Case by the said recited Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if at the Time of making the Entry for the Exportation of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, on which the new and additional Duties of Customs hereby imposed are charged in the Table hereunto annexed, marked C., according to the Value thereof, the Exporter or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize so entered for Exportation, his known Agent or Factor, shall not be able to ascertain the true and real Value thereof, such Exporter, Proprietor, Agent or Factor shall, upon making Oath thereof before the Collector or Comptroller of the Customs at the Port of Exportation, be permitted to Ship and export such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, upon giving Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, with one sufficient Surety in Treble the Amount of the supposed or estimated Duty on the Value of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, conditioned for the Payment of the new and additional Duties hereby imposed within Three Months, according to the true and real Value thereof, to be ascertained in the Manner herein-before directed, and for producing the Invoice and Bills of Parcels,

Bond for Exportation within 12 Months.

The Valucof Goods for Exportation, chargeable by Table C., taken as at Port of Exportation, deducting Duties, and if not truly valued, may be detained, by Officers of the Customs.

If Exporter cannot ascertain the true Value, they may be exported on giving Bond to pay Duties in Three Months, &c.

316

C. 43. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Articles exempted from additional Duties on Exportation,

False Declaration of Value of Goods for Exportation. Penalty.

No Fees for additional Entry on Account of New Duties.

Bonds exempt from Stamp Duty.

Commissioners of Cuctomsmay order Entry to be amended of Goods^detained

and such other Documents as shall be required by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs or any Three or more of them, in England and Scotland respectively, in case the Production thereof 'shall be thought necessary by the said Commissioners respectively, for the Purpose of ascertaining the true and real Value of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize so exported as aforesaid.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the new and additional Duties of Customs hereby imposed on Goods, Wares and Merchandize exported from Great

the following Articles; (that is to say,)

Bullion.

Goods, Wares or Merchandize exported from Great Britain to Ireland.

Goods, Wares or Merchandize exported to Hudson s Bay by the Hudson sBay Company.

Goods, Wares or Merchandize exported from Great to

the Isle of Man, by virtue and under the Authority of any Licence which the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England or, or any Three or more of them respectively, are, or may be by Law, authorized and empowered to grant.

Cotton Yarn or other Cotton Manufactures being of the Manufacture of Great Britain.

Any Sort of Craft, Food, Victuals, Cloathing or other Goods fit and necessary for the British Fishery established in the Island of Newfoundland, or for the Use and Support of the Mariners or other Persons employed on board the Vessel, or on Shore in carrying on the said Fishery, exported from Great Britain to the said Island.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Exporter or Proprietor of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, entered for Exportation, his known Agent or Factor, shall knowingly and fraudulently make any false Declaration of the Value of any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, after the same shall have been allowed to be shipped for Exportation, every such Exporter, Proprietor or Factor, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit a Sum equal to the true and real Value of all such Goods, Wares or Merchandize.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Fees due and payable by Law, at and immediately before the Twelfth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, upon any Entry or Cocquet, Inwards or Outwards, shall not be demanded or taken by or for the Use of any Officer of His Majesty's Customs, for any additional Entry required to be made on Account of the new and additional Duties imposed by this Act.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Bond to be taken in pursuance of this Act shall be chargeable with any of the Duties upon stamped Vellum Parchment or Paper; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, upon which the said new and additional Duties of Customs are hereby imposed, shall be detained by any Officer of the Customs, on account of the same not being valued

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 43. 317

according to the true and real Value thereof, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England> for the Time being, or any Four or more of them, and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in, for the Time being,

or any Three or more of them, upon Proof being made to their Satisfaction, that no Fraud was intended, to direct the Entry to be amended upon such Terms and Conditions, as under the Circumstances of the Case shall appear to the said Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively to be reasonable, and as they shall think fit to direct: Provided always, that if the Importer, Exporter or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, shall accept the Terms or Conditions prescribed by the said Commissioners of the Customs respectively, such Importer, Exporter or Proprietor, shall not have or be intitled to any Recompence or Damage, on Account of the Detention of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or have or maintain any Action whatever for the same; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the

Twelfth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, unto and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the several Duties on Ships and Vessels, according to the Tonnage thereof, entering Outwards or Inwards at any Port within Great, to or from Foreign Parts, as the same are respectively inserted, described and set forth in Figures in the Table hereunto annexed, marked D., except as in this Act is provided.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to extend, to charge with the Duty of Tonnage by this Act imposed, any Ship or Vessel employed in the Fisheries on the Coast of Great, and not

entering Outwards for Foreign Parts.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties of

Tonnage hereby imposed on Ships and Vessels entering Outwards or Inwards, to or from Foreign Parts, shall be paid to the proper Officer appointed to receive the same, each and every Voyage any such Ship or Vessel shall so enter Outwards or Inwards at any Port within Great Britain; and that the Tonnage of every such Ship or Vessel being British built, or British owned, shall be computed and taken according to the Register thereof, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and and that the

Tonnage of every other Ship or Vessel, in case of any Doubt or Dispute relative thereto, shall be ascertained by Admeasurement, in the Mode and Manner prescribed and directed by the said Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That no Ship or Vessel upon which the Tonnage Duty by this Act imposed is due and payable, shall be permitted to be cleared Inwards in any Port of Great tain, unless the said Tonnage Duty shall have been first duly paid to the proper Officer of the Customs appointed to receive the same; and in case such Duty shall not be paid within thirty Days from the Report of any Ship or Vessel arriving from Foreign Parts,

on Account of not being duly-valued as they think fit, and if accepted Proprietor not entitled to Damages for Detention.

Tonnage Duties in Table D. paid on Vessels in G. B. entering to or from Foreign Parts.

Proviso for Coast Fisheries.

Tonnage Duties payable every Voyage, and computed according to 26 G.5. c. 60.

No Vessel cleared Inwards till Tonnage Duty paid, and if not paid within a limited Time, the Vessel may be detained and sold.

318

C. 43. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

No Vessel entered Outwards unless Tonnage Duty paid.

Tonnage Duty not to extend to unregistered Vessels nor Vessels in Ballast.

Duties under Management of Commissioners of Customs.

Additional Duties managed as former Duties, and Goods subject to Rules to which Goods liable to Custom Duties are subject.

Parts, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England for the Time being, or any Four or more of them, or for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in Scotland for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, if they shall think fit, to cause such Ship or Vessel, and her Masts, Tackle, Apparel and Furniture to be detained, and afterwards sold publickly to the best Bidder, and the Produce thereof to be applied first to the Charges that shall arise by such Detention and Sale, next to the Tonnage Duty imposed by this Act, and the Overplus to be paid to the Proprietors of such Ship or Vessel, or other Person duly authorised by such Proprietor to receive the same; and that it shall not be lawful for the Collector or other Officer of the Customs at any Port in Great Britain to permit any Ship or Vessel to be entered Outwards for Foreign Parts, or any Cocquet or Entry to pass for any Goods, Wares or Merchandize to be shipped on board any such Ship or Vessel, unless the Tonnage Duty hereby imposed on such Ship or Vessel shall have been first duly paid.

XXI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to extend to charge the Tonnage Duty hereby imposed on any British built Ship or Vessel or any Ship or Vessel owned by British Subjects, which is not required to be registered by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, or on any Ship or Vessel whatever, which shall enter Outwards or Inwards in Ballast only.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That such of the new and

additional Duties of Customs, and of the Duties of Tonnage by this Act imposed, as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the Time being, and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland for the Time being.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the new and additional Duties of Customs hereby imposed shall and may be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, secured and recovered, in such and the like Manner, and in and by any and either of the Ways, Means or Methods, by which any of the Duties of Customs on Goods, Wares or Merchandize imposed and payable by the said herein-before recited Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing this Act, were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, secured and recovered; and the Goods, Wares or Merchandize, so by this Act made chargeable with the said new and additional Duties of Customs shall be and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, to which any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, upon which any Duties of Customs are imposed and payable were subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture for any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before^he passing of this Act made

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 43.

319

made for securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, shall, and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised and put in Execution for and in respect of the new and additional Duties of Customs hereby charged, as far as the same are applicable thereto, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and reenacted in the Body of this present Act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the new and additional Duties of Customs and the Duties of Tonnage imposed by this Act (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted), shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the publick Revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said respective Duties, and.paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid and payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatever; and the said Monies so paid into the said Receipt shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

XXV. And be it further enacted, shall all the Monies arising

from the Duties by this Act imposed shall be deemed a permanent Increase to the public Revenue of Great, for the Purpose of defraying any increased Charge occasioned by any Loan to be made or Stock to be created by Authority of any Act of Parliament passed or to be passed in this Session of Parliament, or of supplying any Deficiency in the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, by Occasion of any Act passed or to be passed in this Session of Parliament for repealing the Duties on Income, and charging the Annuities now charged on the said Duties so repealed on the said Consolidated Fund.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County or Place where the Cause of Complaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath in any other Cases to recover Costs by Law.

Duties shall be paid into the Exchequer separate from other Monies.

Duties deemed a permanent Increase to publick Revenue, &c.

Limitation of Actions.

General Issue.

Treble Costs,

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802. 320

Act may be varied or repealed this Session.

27 G. 3. c. 13. §. 22.

French Wines in Bottles or Flasks may be imported in British or French Ships on Payment of Duties herein mentioned under the Regulations in recited Act, &c.

Regulation as to Packages.

C. 43, 44.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be varied, altered, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act for permitting French Wines to be imported into Great Britain in Bottles or Flasks, under certain Restrictions.

[7th May 1802.]

'WHEREAS by an Act made in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act

for repealing the several Duties of Citstoms and, and -

ing other Duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said

together voith the other Duties composing the Revenue; for

permitting the Importation of certain, Wares and Merchandizey the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom; and for applying

certain unclaimed Monies remaining in the Exchequer for the Paymerit of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt, the Importation of French Wine into Great Britain was

allowed for a limited Time, on Payment of certain Duties therein enumerated: And Whereas the said Time has expired, and it is expedient that French Wine should be allowed to be imported under certain Restrictions Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majety, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whatever to import or bring into Great, as

well for Sale as for Private Use directly from France any French Wines in Bottles or Flasks, on Payment of the several and respective Duties inserted, described and set forth in the Table and Schedule annexed to the said recited Act, marked C. and F., and all other Duties of Customs or Excise now due and payable on the Importation of such Wines by any other Act or Acts of Parliament: Provided always, that such Wines shall be imported in British built Ships or Vessels, owned, navigated and registered according to Law, or in French built Ships or Vessels, owned by and belonging wholly to Natives of, and whereof the Master and Three Fourths of the Mariners at the least are Natives of

France, and in such Manner, and under and according to such and the like Rules, Regulations, Conditions, and Restrictions, and subject to such and the like Penalties and Forfeitures, as are provided and enacted in the said recited Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Duties of Customs and Excise, so far as the same are applicable thereto.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing contained in this Act, or in an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for permitting French Wines to be imported into this Kingdom

from the Isles of Guernsey, Jersey or Alderney, in Bottles or Flasks, shall extend or be construed to extend to permit the Importation of any French Wines in Bottles or Flasks, other than

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 44, 45.

321

in Packages, each of which shall contain at the least Six Dozen reputed Quart Bottles or Flasks; and in case any French Wines in Bottles or Flasks shall be imported in any other Way, Form or Manner, or in any less Quantity, the same shall and are hereby declared to be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Customs.

[As to Importation from Ireland during the then War, 46 G. 3. c. 113.]

CAP. XLV.

An Act to continue, until Three Months after any Restriction imposed by any Act of the present Session of Parliament on the Bank of England from issuing Cash > in Payments shall cease, an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for confirming and continuing the Restrictions on Paymemts in* Cash by the Bank of Ireland.

[1th May 1802.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland

‘ in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for confirming and continuing, for a 4 limited Time, the Restrictions contained in the ' Minute of cil of the Second Day of Maxell One thousand seven hundred and

‘ ninety seven, on Payments in Cash by the Bank, it is amongst

other Things enacted, that'it shall not be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland to issue any Cash in Payment of any Debt or Demand whatsoever, except according to the Provisions therein contained; and that the said Act shall be in

force and have Continuance until Three Months after the Re-

striction imposed by an Act of the Parliament of Great Britain

on the Governor and Company of the Bank of England from issuing Cash in Payments shall cease, unless the Lord Lieutenant

or Privy Council of Ireland should by an Order of Council direct that the said Restriction on the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland should sooner cease: And Whereas it is expedient to continue for a further Time the said Act May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act shall have Continuance until Three Months after any Restriction, imposed or to be imposed by any Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland made or to be made in this Session of Parliament, on the Governor and Company of the Bank of England from issuing Cash in Payments, shall cease (a), unless the Lord Lieutenant and Privy Council of Ireland shall by an Order of Council direct that the said Restriction on the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland shall sooner cease.

II. And be it enacted, That this Act may be repealed, altered, or varied during the present Session of Parliament.

(a) [See 59G.S. c. 99. 1 2G.4. c. 27.

[Penalty.]

Irish Act,

37 G. 3. c. 51.

Continued as herein mentioned.

Act majr be varied or repealed this Session.

322

C. 46. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

20 G. o. c.

43 Eliz. c. 2. § 5.

Overseers of the Poor to keep a Book for entering Name of Apprentices bound out by them; such Entry signed by two Justices, according to Form iu Schedule.

Not providing such Book, or neglecting to make such Entries therein, &c.

CAP. XL VI.

An Act to require Overseers and Guardians of the Poor to keep a Register of the several Children who shall be bound or assigned by them as Apprentices; and to extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty to the binding of Apprentices by Houses of Industry, or Establishments for the Poor, which have been authorized so to do by subsequent Acts.

[7th 1802.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of

‘ V\ the Reign of Queen Elizab, intituled An Act for the

1 Relief of the Poor, the Overseers of the Poor of every Parish i are enabled to bind out any poor Children as Apprentices, until every such poor Male Child shall attain the Age of Twenty four

Years, and until every such Female Child shall attain the Age of Twenty one Years, or the Time of her Marriage: And Whereas it would tend to the Benefit of the Children so bound as Ap-

prentices, if the Overseers of the Poor were required to keep a

‘ Register of all Children who shall be so bound May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Overseers of the Poor of every Parish, Township or Place appointed by virtue of the said recited Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of Queen, shall, from

and after the First Day of June, and they are hereby required to provide and keep a Book or Books, at the Expence of the said Parish, Township or Place, and to enter or cause to be entered therein the Name of every Child who shall be bound out by them respectively as an Apprentice, together with the several other Particulars, in Manner and Form required by this Act, according to the Schedule hereunto annexed; and every such Entry, when made in the said Register, shall be produced and laid before the Two Justices of the Peace who shall signify their Assent to the Indenture of Apprenticeship of every such Child, at the Time when such Indenture shall be laid before such Justices for their Assent, as required by the said recited Act; and each Entry in the said Register shall, if approved of by such Justices, be signed by them according to the Form marked in the Schedule hereunto annexed.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Overseer or Overseers of the Poor shall refuse or neglect to provide and keep such Book or Books or to make such Entry therein as before directed, or shall destroy or permit, suffer or cause to be destroyed, any such Book or Books, or shall wilfully and knowingly obliterate, deface or alter any such Entry, so that the same shall not be a true Entry of the several Particulars hereby required, or shall wilfully and knowingly make a false Entry therein, or shall so permit, suffer or cause the same to be done, or shall not produce or lay such Book or Books before such Justices as aforesaid for

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 46. 323

their Signatures, or shall not deliver or tender, or cause to be delivered or tendered, such Book or Books to his, her or their Successor or Successors in Office, within Fourteen Days after the Appointment of such Successor or Successors, or if any such Successor or Successors shall refuse or neglect to receive the same when offered or tendered to him or them by his or their Predecessor or Predecessors in Office, then and in every such Case every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, on being convicted thereof before any two Justices of the Peace for the County, City or Place where the offence shall be committed, on the Oath of any credible Witness (which Oath such Justices are hereby empowered and required to administer), or on the voluntary Confession of the Party or Parties, forfeit and pay a Sum Penalty, not exceeding Five Pounds, to be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the Justices before whom the Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, and the Overplus (if any) of the Money arising by such Distress and Sale, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Costs and Charges of making, keeping and selling such Distress; and such Penalties and For- How applied, feitures shall be applied for the Use of the Poor of the Parish,

Township or Place, for which such Offender or Offenders shall be

Overseer or Overseers; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be If no Distress,

found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, Imprisoment.

it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, by Warrant

under their Hands and Seals, and they are hereby required to

commit every such Offender to the common Gaol or House of

Correction of the County, City or Place where the Offence shall be committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding one Calendar Month, unless such Penalties

and Forfeitures shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Books may be for any Person or Persons, at all seasonable Hours to inspect such inspected, and Book or Books in the Hands of the said Overseer or Overseers, s^all be deemed and to take a Copy of such Entry in such Book or Books, upon *V1 ence‘ Payment of the Sum of Sixpence, except in case of any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County,

who shall be entitled at all such Times to inspect such Book gratis; and every such Book shall be and be deemed to be sufficient Evidence in all Courts of Law whatsoever, in Proof of the Existence of such Indentures, and also of the several Particulars specified in the said Register respecting such Indentures, in case it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of such Court that the said Indentures are lost or have been destroyed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace before whom any Person shall be convicted by virtue of this Act shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form; ( videlicet,)

BE it remembered, That on the Day of Form of Con-

in the Year of our Lord viction.

A.B. is convicted before us, Two

of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the

[specifying the Offence, and the Time and Place to and

324

C. 46. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

When Apprentices are assigned under 32G 3. c. 57., a like Entry thereof to be made in the said Book.

Act extended to Persons having like Powers as Overseers.

Appeal to Quarter Sessions.

c committed, as the case may be,~] contrary to an Act made in the

Forty second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, in-

i tituled [fiere set forth the Title of this Given under our

‘ Hands and Seals the Day and Year above mentioned.’

V. And be it further enacted, That whenever any such Apprentice shall be assigned or bound over to any other Master or Mistress by virtue of an Act passed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the further Regulation of Parish Apprentices, then and in every such Case the Overseer or Overseers, Party or Parties to the Assignment of such Apprentice, shall insert the Name and Residence of the Master or Mistress to whom such Apprentice shall be assigned or bound over as aforesaid, together with the other Particulars, in the Book or Books herein directed to be provided and kept by such Overseer or Overseers; and for Non Performance thereof, every such Overseer or Overseers shall be liable to the Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by this Act, in like Manner as if such Apprentice had been originally bound to such Master or Mistress.

VI. And Whereas by different Acts of Parliament the like Powers are given to certain Persons therein named, for binding out Parish Apprentices, as are given to the Overseers of the Poor; Be it therefore enacted, That such several Persons shall be subject to the like Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures for Non Compliance with the several Provisions and Directions in this Act contained, for registering any Parish Apprentice bound out or assigned by them respectively, to which Overseers of the Poor are subject and liable by virtue of this Act, for Non Compliance with such Provisions and Directions.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons to appeal to the Justices at the first General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County or Place where the Cause of Appeal shall arise, within four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Appeal shall have arisen, on giving to the Person or Persons appealed against Ten Days’ Notice of such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof; and the Justices at such Sessions are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and to grant such Costs and Expences to either Party as to them shall seem reasonable.

VIII. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty, the Powers which were given by several preceding Acts of Parliament to bind poor Children Apprentices are, by the said Act of the Twentieth Year of His Majesty, extended as to the Power of compelling Persons to receive and

provide for such poor Children as should be appointed to be

bound Apprentices to them in pursuance of the said prior Acts:

And Whereas since that Time several Acts have passed by which Houses of Industry, or Establishments for the Poor, have been authorized to bind Apprentices; and Doubts have arisen whether the Powers and Provisions in the said Act of the Twentieth of His Majesty will extend to the Case of Apprentices so bound out under the Authority of such subsequent Acts;' Be it there-

4

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 46.

625

fore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Powers and Provisions in the said recited Act of the Twentieth of His Majesty contained, shall extend and are hereby extended, and shall have full Effect, to poor Children bound Apprentices under the Authority of any Acts passed since the said recited Act, in the same Manner as if such Acts had passed prior to the said recited Act of the Twentieth of His Majesty.

Magis- trates assenting. (to be signed by themselves.)

Overseers Parties to the Indenture or Assignment.

Apprentice or Assignment Fee.

Term of the Apprenticeship or Assignment.

i g a u jj

His or her Trade.

Name of Persons to whom bound or assigned, as the Case may be.

Their Resi- dence.

His or her Parents’ Names.

Ase-

Sex.

Name of the Apprentice.

Date of Indenture.

Num- ber.

42 Geo. III.

20 G.o. c. extended to poor Children bound Apprentices under the Authority of any subsequent Act.

326

C. 47—50. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Drawback of all Duties paid on Sugar and Coffee allowed, on Exportation to Ireland.

Act may be altered or repealed this Session.

EXP.

EXP.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act to continue until the Twentieth Day of One thousand eight hundred and three, and amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament relating to certain Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported; for permitting British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused, and for regulating and allowing Drawbacks on Sugar exported.

[10th May 1802.] [See c. 59. post, giving additional ]

VI. And Whereas Doubts have arisen as to the Drawbacks and Allowances to be allowed and given in respect of Sugar and Coffee exported from Great Britain to Ireland, since the passing of the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, and it is expedient that such Doubts should be removed Be it therefore enacted, That all the Duties that shall have been or shall be paid, or that shall have or shall become payable on the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into Great Britai, shall be drawn back upon and in respect of all Sugar and Coffee that shall have been since the passing of the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, or that shall be exported from Great Britain to any Thing

in the Act of the last Session of Parliament, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to t]ie contrary notwithstanding,

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied or repealed b}r any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

[The remainder of th is Act is expired.]

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity of Twelve thousand Pounds (a) on his Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex, and a like Annuity of Twelve thousand Pounds on his Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, during his Majesty's Pleasure.

[24th May 1802.]

(i a)\_This Annuity ceased 1G.4. c. 108.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia in England for the Year One thousand eight hundred and two.

[24th May 1802.]

CAP. L.

An Act for continuing an Act made in this Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, within the United Kingdom, and the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark and Man.

[24th May 1802.]

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 51—56.

527

CAP. LI.

An Act for continuing until the Twenty fifth Day of EXP.

One thousand eight hundred and two, an Act made in this Session of Parliament, for the Regulation' of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

[24th May 1802.]

CAP. LII.

An Act for further continuing until the First Day of February EXP.' One thousand eight hundred and six, an Act made in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time, to let to Farm the Duties granted by an Act made in the Twenty fifth Year of His present Majesty's , Horses let to

Hire for Travelling Post, and by, to such Persons as should be willing to contract for the same.

[24th May 1802.]

CAP. LIII.

An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to quality themselves for Offices or Employments in Ireland according to Law.

[24th May 1802.]

CAP. LIV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by Lotteries.

[28th May 1802.]

CAP. LV.

An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern EXP. Officers of the Militia during Peace.

[28th May 1802.]

[ Till 25th March 1803.]

CAP. LVI.

An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting Stamp Duties on certain Medicines, and for charging other Duties in lieu thereof; and for making effectual Provision for the better Collection of the said Duties.

[3d June 1802.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for 25 G. 3. c. 79.

repealing an Act made in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of (repealing His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Ma- G,3‘ c*62*)

jesty a Stamp Duty on Licences, to be taken out by certain - recited*

sons uttering or vending Medicines; and -certain Stamp Duties on all Medicines sold under such Licences, or under the Authority of His Majesty sLetters Patent, and for granting other

328

C. 56. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Duties imposed by the recited Act of 25 G. 5. and Powers as to same, shall cease, except as to Arrears incurred before that Day.

New Duties, viz. for every Packet, &c. of Medicines not exceeding Is. in Value, l£d.;

Above Is. and not above 2s. £>d.—od.

above 2s. 6d.; to 4s.—6d.;

c Duties in Lieu thereof;' And Whereas the Duties granted by the said Act are much evaded, and it will be for the Advantage of the Public to repeal all the Rates and Duties granted by the said Act, and to grant to Your Majesty the several new Rates and Duties herein after mentioned, and to make effectual Provisions for the collecting thereof; we therefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons., in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and two, all the several Rates and Duties imposed by the said Act of the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty shall cease, determine and be no longer paid or payable; and that then and from thenceforth all the Powers and Authorities given and granted by the said Act, or by any subsequent Act relating to the said Rates and Duties for the levying, raising or accounting for the same, and all Penalties and Forfeitures relating thereto, shall also cease, determine and be no longer put in Execution, save and except alwa}rs as to any Arrears of the said several Rates and Duties, or either of them, which may, on the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and two, remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any Time before or on the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and two, and the several Powers, Provisions and Remedies for recovering the same respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and two, there shall be raised, levied and paid throughout Great Britain unto and to the Use of His Majesty, His Pleirs and Successors, the several Rates and Duties following; that is to say, for and upon every Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial or other Inclosure, containing any Drugs, Herbs, Pills, Waters, Essences, Tinctures, Powders or other Preparation or Composition whatsoever, used or applied, or to be used or applied externally or internally as Medicines or Medicaments for the Prevention, Cure or Relief of any Disorder or Complaint incident to or in anywise affecting the human Body, which shall be uttered or vended in Great

there shall be -charged a Stamp Duty according to the Rates following; (that is to say,) Where such Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial or other Inclosure as aforesaid, with its Contents, shall not exceed the Price or Value of One Shilling, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of One Penny Halfpenny; and where such Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial or other Inclosure as aforesaid, with its Contents, shall exceed the Price or Value of One Shilling, and not exceed the Price or Value of two Shillings and Sixpence, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of Three Pence; and where such Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial or other Inclosure as aforesaid, with its Contents, shall be above the Price or Value of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and not exceed the Price or Value of Four

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 56. 329

Shillings, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of Sixpence; and where any such Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial or other Inclosure, with the Contents, shall be above the Price or Value of above 4s. to 10s. Four Shillings, and not exceed the Price or Value of Ten Shil- —is.; lings, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of One Shilling; and where any such Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial or other Inclosure, with its Contents, shall be above the Price or Value of above ios. to Ten Shillings, and not exceed the Price or Value of Twenty Shil- 20*' -s';

lings, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of Two Shillings; and where any such Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial or other Inclosure aforesaid, with its Contents, shall be above the Price or above 20s. to Value of Twenty Shillings, and not exceed the Price or Value of 30s. 3s.;

Thirty Shillings, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of Three Shillings; and where any such Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial or other Inclosure aforesaid, with its Contents, shall be above the above 30s. to Price or Value of Thirty Shillings, and not exceed the Price or 50s. ios.; Value of Fifty Shillings, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of Ten Shillings; and where any such Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot,

Phial or other Inclosure as aforesaid, with its Contents, shall be

above the Price or Value of Fifty Shillings, there shall be paid a and above 50s.

Stamp Duty of Twenty Shillings. —20s.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Rates and Duties by Duties to be-this Act granted, shall be payable and paid by the Owners and paid by the Proprietors or Makers and Compounders, or original and first Owners of such Venders of such Drugs, Herbs, Oils, Waters, Essences, Tinctures, osedTo°Sale, Powders or other Preparations or Compositions aforesaid, and g.c

shall be charged upon and payable and paid in respect of the same, and of every Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial or other Inclosure aforesaid, with any such Contents as aforesaid, before the same shall be first sold by or delivered out of the Custody or Possession of the Owners, Proprietors, Makers, Compounders or original and first Venders thereof, for Sale, either Wholesale or Retail, either for Foreign or Home Consumption or otherwise, and before the same shall in any way be uttered or vended either for Foreign or Home Consumption, or exposed to Sale or offered or kept ready for Sale, and not in Bulk, in any Shop, Flouse or other Place, by any such Owner, Proprietor, Maker, Compounder or original and first Vender aforesaid, or any Person or Persons, on his or her Behalf.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing provjao fOF \r_

herein-before contained shall extend or be construed to extend, tides mention -to charge with the Rates or Duties hereby imposed, any Drug or ed in two Books Drugs named or contained in either of the Books of Rates (that is ot Rates refer, to say), the Book of Rates subscribed with the Name of Sir Har- 4

bottle Grimstone Baronet, and mentioned and referred to by the and i l G° l Act of Tonnage and Poundage, made in the Twelfth Year of the c. 7.:

Reign of King Charles the Second, or in the other Book of Rates,

intituled An Additional Book of Rates of Goods and Merchandizes usually imported, and not particularly rated the Book of

Rates referred to in the Act of Tonnage and, made

the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the, with

Rules, Orders and Regulations signed the Right Honourable Spencer Compton, Speaker of the Honourable House of Commons, and mentioned and referred to by an Act made and passed in the

330

C. 56. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

and for unmixed Drugs sold by regular Apothecaries, &c.

And for Mixtures, &c. prepared by regular Apothecaries, ike. not

claiming the Secret of, or exclusire Right to, the preparing the same:

and not sold under Letters Patent or advertised as Nos trums, &c.

Persons vending Preparations liable to Duties to take out an annual Licence.

Eleventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the First; nor to any medicinal Drug or Drugs whatsoever, which shall be so uttered or vended entire without any Mixture or Composition with any other Drug or Ingredient whatsoever, by any Surgeon, Apothecary, Chymist or Druggist who hath served a regular Apprenticeship, or by any Person who hath served as a Surgeon in the Navy or Army, under any Commission or Appointment, which shall have been duly entered at the War Office or Navy Office, or by any other Person whatsoever licensed in pursuance of this Act; but that all such Drugs shall and may be uttered and vended by all such Surgeons, Apothecaries, Chymists and Druggists as aforesaid, freed and discharged from the Rates and Duties by this Act imposed on Drugs, in such Manner as they respectively before the passing of this Act and the said herein recited Act might have done.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to charge with the like Rates or Duties any Mixtures, Compositions or Preparations whatsoever, mixed or compounded with or prepared from medicinal Drugs, medicated or chemical Preparations or Compositions, or other Ingredients bearing different Denominations, or having different Properties, Qualities, Virtues or Efficacies, which shall be uttered or vended by any such Surgeon, Apothecary, Chymist or Druggist as aforesaid, or by any such Person who hath served as a Surgeon in the Navy or Army under any such Commission or Appointment as aforesaid, the different Denominations, Properties, Qualities, Virtues and Efficacies of which Mixtures, Compositions and Preparations as aforesaid, are known, admitted and approved of in the Prevention, Cure or Relief of any Disorder, Malady, Ailment or Complaint, incident to or in anywise affecting the human Body, and wherein the Person mixing, compounding, preparing, uttering or vending the same, hath not nor claims to have any occult Secret or unknown Art, for the mixing, compounding or preparing the same, nor hath nor claims to have any exclusive Right or Title the mixing, compounding or preparing, or to the vending the same, and which Mixtures, Compositions or Preparations have not been, are not nor hereafter shall be prepared, uttered, vended or exposed to Sale, under the Authority of any Letters Patent under the Great Seal, nor at any Time heretofore have been, now are or hereafter shall be by any Public Notice, Advertisement, or by written or printed Papers or Hand Bills, or by any Labels or Words written or printed, and affixed to or delivered with any such Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial or other Inclosure aforesaid, held out or recommended to the Public by the Owners, Proprietors, Makers, Compounders, original or first Venders thereof as Nostrums or proprietary Medicines, or as Specifics, or as beneficial for the Prevention, Cure or Relief of any such Distemper, Malady, Ailment or Complaint as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Owner, Proprietor,

Maker and Compounder of, and every Person in Great

uttering, vending or exposing to Sale, or keeping ready for Sale, any such Drugs, Herbs, Pills, Waters, Essences, Tinctures, Powders or other Preparations or Compositions whatsoever, used or

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 56.

831

applied or to be used or applied externally or internally as Medicines or Medicaments, for the Prevention, Cure or Reliet of any Disorder or Complaint incident to or in anywise affecting the human Body, or an}' Packets, Boxes, Bottles, Pots, Phials or other Inclosures aforesaid, with any such Contents as aforesaid, subject to the Duties herein-before granted, shall annually take out a Licence; and that for and upon every Licence so taken out by any such Person who shall reside within the Cities of London Rates of or Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, or within the Limits of Duties on the Two-Penny Post, or within the City of Edinburgh, there shall conces* be charged a Stamp Duty of Forty Shillings: and for and upon every Licence so taken out by any other such Person who shall reside in any City, Borough or Town Corporate, or in the Towns of Manchester, Birmingham or Sheffield, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of Ten Shillings; and for and upon every Licence so taken out by any other such Person residing in any other Part of Great Britain, there shall be charged a Stamp Duty of Five Shillings.

VII. And be it further enacted, That for the better and more Duties under effectual levying and collecting all the said Duties herein before the Commis-granted, the same shall be under the Government, Care and Ma- g°n^rs for nagement of the Commissioners for the Time being, appointed to m*?s* manage the Duties charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment and

Paper, who or the major Part of them, are hereby required and empowered to appoint and employ such Officers under them for that Purpose, and to allow such Salaries and incidental Charges as may be necessary, and to provide and use such Stamps to denote the said several Duties as shall be requisite in that Behalf, and to do all other Things necessary to be done for putting this Act in Execution, with relation to the said Rates and Duties herein-before granted, in the like and in as full and ample a Manner as they or the major Part of them are or is authorized to put in Execution any former Law concerning stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Commissioners Day of September One thousand eight hundred and two, any Two for Stamps mayor more of His Majesty's Commissioners appointed for managing Sra.nt Licences, the Duties arising by Stamps on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, whlc.h

or some Person duly authorized by them, shall grant Licences to force till Sept i. all such Persons as are required to take out any Licences under yearly, this Act; and the said Licences shall continue in force until the First Day of September in each Year, to commence from the Day of the Date of every such Licence, and every Owner, Proprietor,

Maker, Compounder or Person who shall utter, vend or expose to Sale, or keep ready for Sale any such Drugs, Herbs, Medicines,

Medicaments or other Preparations or Compositions aforesaid,

Packets, Boxes, Bottles, Pots, Phials or other Inclosures aforesaid, with any such Contents as aforesaid, shall in like Manner renew such Licence from Year to Year, paying down the respective Sums due for the Stamps on such Licences as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Selling Medi-First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and two, no cines liable to Person whatsoever shall in any Manner take or receive any Profit, Duties with-Advantage or Emolument, as the Owner or Proprietor of, or make out a Licence*

532

C. 56.

42* GEG. III.

A.D. 1802.

Penalty 20l.

Persons vending such Medicines shall apply to Commissioners of Stamps for Covers, or Labels, and deliver in a Note containing their Name and Place of Abode.

Such Covers or Labels to be impressed with the respective Duties, and affixed to Medicines before exposed to Sale, as Commissioners shall direct;

Regulations for that Purpose to be delivered to Vendor on taking out Li-

or compound, or utter, vend or expose to Sale, or keep ready for Sale, any Drugs, Herbs, Medicines, Medicaments or other Preparations or Compositions aforesaid, or any Packets, Boxes, Bottles, Pots, Phials or other Inclosures aforesaid, with any such Contents as aforesaid, which shall be subject to the Duties granted by this Act, unless he or she shall have first obtained a Licence in such Manner as is herein-before directed, upon Pain to forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein-before is directed.

X. And in order to secure the Duties hereby imposed, be it further enacted, That every Person and Persons making, compounding? preparing, uttering, vending or exposing to Sale, or keeping ready for Sale, any such Drugs, Herbs, Medicines, Medicaments or other Preparations or Compositions aforesaid, or any Packets, Boxes, Bottles, Pots, Phials or other Inclosures aforesaid, with any such Contents as aforesaid, which are subject to the Duties hereby granted, shall from Time to Time apply to the said Commissioners of Stamps or to the Officers appointed for the Purpose, for Paper Covers, Wrappers or Labels to be pasted, stuck, fastened or affixed to such Packets, Boxes, Bottles, Pots, Phials or other Inclosures, with any such Contents as aforesaid; and every such Person at the Time of making such Application shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Officer of Stamps to whom such Application shall be made, a Note inWriting containing his Name and Place of Abode, and the Place where the Drug, Herb, Medicine, Medicament, Preparation or Composition, in respect whereof such Application shall be made, is first sold; and every such Note in Writing shall be filed by the Officer of Stamps to whom the same shall be delivered.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners or the major Part of them as aforesaid, shall, and they are hereby directed and required to print or impress, or cause to be printed or impressed on the said Papers, Covers, Wrappers or Labels, some Mark, Devise or some particular Word or Words to denote the said Duties, and the Rate thereof, and the said Commissioners are hereby also required to deliver or cause to be delivered, from Time to Time, to every such licensed Owner, Proprietor, Maker, Compounder or Vendor, as Occasion shall require, sufficient Covers, Wrappers or Labels, for the Purpose aforesaid, on Payment of the respective Sums due for the Stamps thereon; and all and every the Packets, Boxes, Bottles, Pots, Phials and other Inclosures aforesaid, with any such Contents as aforesaid, when and as soon as the same shall be made ready for Sale, and shall be kept ready for Sale, and before the same are uttered, vended or exposed to Sale by any Person or Persons whatsoever, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, either Wholesale or Retail, shall have well and sufficiently pasted, stuck, fastened or affixed thereto, such Covers, Wrappers or Labels, stamped, marked, impressed or distinguished as aforesaid, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct; and the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time devise and direct the Manner in which such Covers, Wrappers or Labels, shall be pasted or affixed to the said Wares, or other Article or Articles aforesaid, or to the Papers, Thread or other Thing inclosing, or which shall be directed by the said Commissioners

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 56. 333

to inclose the same, and to make such Rules and Regulations in that Behalf, as they shall think fit and necessary to prevent any such Covers, Wrappers or Labels aforesaid from being made Use of again, after they shall have been sold and disposed of; which Rules, Regulations and Directions, shall be delivered to all and every Owner, Proprietor, Maker, Compounder and Vendor aforesaid, at the Time of his, her or their taking out his or her first Licence, directed to be taken out by this Act, and so from Time to Time with every future Licence which shall be granted, if any Variation or Alteration shall have been made in such Rules, Regulations or Directions.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons Vending Medi-shall utter, vend or expose to Sale, or offer or keep ready for cmesnothaving Sale, whether for Foreign or Home Consumption, or buy or re- th^t()soa xe ceive, or keep for the Purpose of selling by Retail, either on his, her or their own Account and Behalf, or on the Behalf of any other Person or Persons whatever, any Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot or Phial or any other Inclosure, containing any Drug, Herb, Medicine, Medicament or other Preparation or Composition aforesaid, subject to the Stamp Duties hereby imposed, unless the Cover, Wrapper or Label hereby directed to be pasted, stuck, fastened or affixed to the same, shall be well and sufficiently pasted, stuck, fastened or affixed thereto, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time direct, and marked and stamped as by this Act is directed, previous to such Sale, exposing to Sale or offering for Sale as aforesaid, or keeping ready for Sale, or that shall have any Cover, Wrapper or Label pasted, stuck, fastened or affixed thereto, marked or stamped with a Mark or Stamp of less Denomination or Value than by this Act is directed, under pain that all and every such Person and Persons so offending shall forfeit and pay for every Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot or Phial or other Inclosure, containing any such Drug, Herb, Medicine, Medicament, or other Preparation or Composition aforesaid, so uttered, vended or exposed to Sale, or kept ready for Sale, the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be reco- Penalty lol. vered and applied as herein after is directed.

4XIII. And to prevent the Cover, Wrapper or Label, and the Mark or Stamp thereon hereby directed to be pasted, stuck,

fastened or affixed to every Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial or other Inclosure, containing any Drug, Herb, Medicine, Medicament or other Preparation or Composition aforesaid from being made Use of again after they have been sold and disposed of to be affixed to other Packets, Boxes, Bottles, Pots, Phials or other Inclosures, containing any Drugs, Herbs, Medicines, Medicaments or other Preparations or Compositions as aforesaid,

by which Practices His Majesty's Revenue might be lessened or diminished Be it therefore enacted, That if any Person or Per- Fraudulently sons shall, from and after the First Day of September One thou- taking off La-sand eight hundred and two, fraudulently cut, tear or take off any bels after Medi-Mark or Stamp in respect whereof or whereby any Duties are c,nes.are sold> hereby payable or denoted to be paid or payable to his Majesty Labels a second on any Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot or Phial or other Inclosure, con- Time &c. taining any Drug, Herb, Medicine, Medicament or other Prepara-ration or Composition aforesaid, subject to the Duties hereby imposed;

334

C. 56. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Penalty 20l.

Selling or buying Labels for the Purpose of being used a second Time, or selling any Packet with such a Label.'

Penalty 201.

Either Buyer or Seller may inform against the other, and bu himself indemnified.

Allowances for prompt Payment of Duties.

posed, after the same shall have been sold or disposed of as aforesaid, or shall fraudulently paste, stick, fasten or affix to any such Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot or Phial, any Cover, Wrapper or Label, so marked and stamped as aforesaid, the same having once been made Use of for the Purpose aforesaid, or shall utter, vend or expose to Sale any Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial or other Inclosure, containing any Drug, Herb, Medicine, Medicament or other Preparation or Composition aforesaid, with such Cover, Wrapper or Label so fraudulently cut, torn or taken off as aforesaid, and pasted, stuck, fastened or affixed thereto, all and every Person and Persons so offending in any of the Particulars beforementioned, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XIV. And to prevent Persons from fraudulently selling or buying any Covers, Wrappers or Labels, which have been before

made Use of for denoting any of the Duties by this Act imposed,

‘ of any Packets, Boxes, Bottles, Pots, Phials or other Inclosures

wherein any Drugs, Herbs, Medicines, Medicaments or other Preparations or Compositions aforesaid, shall have been contained and sold and disposed of, with such Covers, Wrappers

or Labels pasted, stuck, fastened or affixed thereto Be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and two, sell or buy any such Cover, Wrapper or Label, which hath before been made Use of for the inclosing any Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot or Phial or other Inclosure, of any Drug, Herb, Medicine, Medicament or other Preparation or Composition liable to the Duty hereby imposed, in order to be again made Use of for the like Purpose, or shall sell any Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial or other Inclosure, with such Cover, Wrapper or Label, which hath before been made Use of as aforesaid, pasted, stuck, fastened or affixed thereto, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if either the Buyer or Seller of any such Drug, Herb, Medicine, Medicament or other Preparation or Composition, or of any such Cover, Wrapper or Label, or any such Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial or other Inclosure, shall inform against the other Party concerned in buying or selling such Drug, Herb, Medicine, Medicament or other Preparation or Composition, or Cover, Wrapper or Label, or such Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial or other Inclosure, the Party so informing shall be admitted to give Evidence against the Party informed against, and shall be indemnified from the Penalties by him or her incurred, and shall receive the same Benefit and Advantage as any other Informer shall be entitled to by virtue of this Act for such Information.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for the Time being, appointed to manage the Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, shall allow and pay to every Person that shall be supplied with Paper Covers or Wrappers, or Labels as aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act, the Duty whereof hereby imposed shall amount to the Sum of Five Pounds or upwards,

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 56. 335

wards, after the Rate of Five Pounds in the Hundred Pounds Annum; and if such Duty shall amount to the Sum of Fifty Pounds or upwards, after the Rate of Ten Pounds in the Hundred Pounds per Annum; and if such Duty shall amount to the Sum of One hundred Pounds or upwards, after the Rate of Twelve Pounds Ten Shillings in the Hundred Pounds per Annum; upon present Payment of the said Duty upon the said Paper Covers, Wrappers or Labels, so by them brought.

XVII. And Whereas the pasting on and affixing the said Covers, Wrappers or Labels, in the Manner and under the seve-

ral Rules, Regulations and Directions to be made by the said Commissioners, will tend greatly to secure the said Duties by

this Act granted Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the said First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and two, every Person and Persons who shall make, prepare or compound, or keep ready for Sale, or utter, vend or expose to Sale any such Drugs, Herbs, Medicines, Medicaments, Preparations or Compositions aforesaid, or any Packets, Boxes, Bottles, Pots, Phials or other Inclosure aforesaid, with any such Contents as aforesaid, liable to any of the Duties granted by this Act, shall, before they respectively obtain a Licence in pursuance of this Act, give or send Notice in Writing of the usual Shop, House or Place, Shops, Houses or Places, where they respectively shall make, prepare, compound, keep ready for Sale, utter or vend, or expose to Sale the same, or intend so to do; which Notice shall be given, or sent to the Commissioners for the Time being, for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, or to their Officers next adjacent to the Place or Places respectively where the same are made, prepared, compounded, kept readjr for Sale, uttered, vended or exposed to Sale, or intended so to be; and the like Notice shall be given or sent by every such Person or Persons as often as they respectively shall change any such Place; which Notice shall contain the particular Shop or House wherein the same are so made, prepared, compounded, kept ready for Sale, vended or exposed to Sale, or intended so to be, upon Pain that every Person making Default in giving Notice as aforesaid, or giving any false Notice, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Covers, Wrappers or Labels, shall be damaged, defaced or spoiled in affixing the same upon such Wares or other Articles as aforesaid or otherwise, so as to be rendered unfit for Use, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, licensed in pursuance of this Act, to bring such Covers, Wrappers or Labels so marked and stamped as aforesaid, together with the Wares or other Articles to which the same shall have been affixed, to the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties, or to the Head Officer appointed by them; and on Oath (or solemn Affirmation in case such licensed Person shall be one of the People called Quakers), thereof made by such licensed Person to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners or Head Officer so appointed (who are hereby authorized to administer such Oath or solemn Affirmation, and to examine into all Circumstances relating to the damaging,

Notice to be given to Commissioners for Stamps of the Place of making or vending Medicines.

Neglecting or giving false Notice.

Penalty 101.

Covers or Labels defaced in affixing them on the Articles may be returned to the Stamp Office, who, on Oath being made that the same have not been fraudulently used, &c. shall change them for others.

336

C. 56.

4*2° GEO. III.

Act shall extend to all Articles named in the Schedule annexed, and to all Articles of the like Qualities;

wherein a secret Art or exclusive Right is claimed, or which shall be advertised as Nostrums, &c.

A.D. 1802.

defacing or spoiling the same), that such Covers, Wrappers or Labels, so defaced or spoiled, or rendered unfit for the Purpose intended, have not been used for any other Purpose, or in any other Manner whatsoever, and that none of them have been fraudulently rebought or returned, after the same have been sold or disposed of; and that no Money or other Consideration hath been paid or given for the same, save and except the Money first paid for such Covers, Wrappers or Labels, at the Stamp Office or other Places appointed by the Commissioners for the Distribution thereof; then and in such Case the said Commissioners are hereby required and directed, after destroying such defaced Covers, Wrappers or Labels, to deliver to such licensed Person other Covers, Wrappers or Labels of the same Denomination or Value, instead of the Covers, Wrappers or Labels so damaged, defaced or spoiled, or rendered unfit for Use as aforesaid, without demanding or taking, directly or indirectly, for the same any Sum of Money or other Consideration whatsoever.

XIX. And in order to obviate any Doubts which may arise

in the Construction of this Act for Want of a particular Speciflcation, Denomination and Enumeration of the different Drugs, Herbs, Oils, Waters, Essences, Tinctures, Powders or Prepara-

tions or Compositions which are charged with or subject to the Rates or Duties by this Act imposed or to which the same shall extend Be it declared and further enacted, That the Rates and Duties hereby imposed on Drugs, Herbs, Oils, Waters, Essences, Tinctures, Powders and other Preparations or Compositions, used or applied, or to be used or applied as Medicines or Medicaments, for the Prevention, Cure or Relief of any Distemper, Malady, Ailment or Disorder incident to or in anywise affecting the human Body, and upon Persons uttering or vending the same; and all the Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Distributions of Penalties and Forfeitures, and all other Matters and Things prescribed or appointed by this Act, for the raising, levying, collecting and securing the said Rates and Duties, shall extend and be deemed and adjudged to extend, to charge with the said Rates and Duties all and every the Article and Articles mentioned, named, enumerated or specified in the Schedule hereunto annexed by the respective Names therein mentioned, or by whatsoever other Name or Names the same have heretofore been, now are or hereafter shall be called, known or distinguished; and also all Pills, Powders, Lozenges, Tinctures, Potions, Cordials, Electuaries, Plaisters, Unguents, Salves, Ointments, Drops, Lotions, Oils, Spirits, medicated Herbs and Waters, chemical and officinal Preparations whatsoever of the same or the like Properties, Qualities, Virtues and Efficacies with those Articles so mentioned, named, enumerated or specified therein, or any of them made, prepared, uttered, vended or exposed to Sale, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, wherein the Person making, preparing, uttering, vending or exposing to Sale the same, hath or claims to have any occult, secret or unknown Art for the making or preparing the same, or hath or claims to have any exclusive Right or Title to the making or preparing the same, or which at any Time heretofore have been, now are or hereafter shall be prepared, uttered, vended or exposed to Sale under the Authority of any Letters Patentund er the Great Seal, or which

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 56. 337

at any Time heretofore have been, now are or hereafter shall be, by any public Notice or Advertisement, or by written or printed Papers or Pland Bills, or by any Labels or Words written, printed or affixed to, or delivered with any such Packet, Box, Bottle, Phial or other Inclosure aforesaid, held out or recommended to the Public, by the Makers, Vendors or Proprietors thereof, as Nostrums or proprietary Medicines, or as Specifics, or as beneficial for the Prevention, Cure or Relief of any such Distemper, Malady, Ailment or Complaint as aforesaid; and shall also extend and be deemed and adjudged to extend, to charge with the Rates and Duties imposed on Licences all and every Person and Persons respectively who shall utter, vend or expose to Sale any such Preparations or Compositions as aforesaid, in such Manner as aforesaid. \_See note at the end of Act.']

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Seal, Stamp or Mark, directed or allowed to be used or provided, made or used in pursuance of this Act, for the Purpose of denoting the Duties by this Act granted, or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the same upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, with an Intent to defraud His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties, or shall utter, vend or sell any Vellum, Parchment or Paper directed to be marked or stamped with any Mark or Stamp provided and used in pursuance of this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament for denoting the Duties thereby granted, with the counterfeit Mark or Stamp thereupon, knowing such Mark or Stamp to be counterfeit, or if any Person shall privately and fraudulently use any Seal, Stamp or Mark, directed or allowed to be used by this Act, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties, then every such Person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses and all other Matters and Things prescribed or appointed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament, relating to the Stamp Duties on Vellum, Parchment and Paper, shall be of full Force and Effect with relation to the Rates and Duties hereby imposed; and shall be applied and put in Execution for raising, levying, collecting and securing the said new Rates and Duties hereby imposed, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had severally and respectively been hereby enacted, with relation to the said new Rates and Duties hereby imposed.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties hereby imposed shall be divided and distributed (if sued for within the Space of Six Calendar Months from the Time of any such Penalty being incurred), in Manner following: One Moiety thereof to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Costs of Suit, to the Person or Persons who shall inform and sue for the same.'

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties imposed on any Person or Persons for Offences committed against

this

Counterfeiting Stamps, Marks, &c. Felony without Clergy.

Former Acts relative to Stamp Duties extended to this Act.

Application of Penalties.

Where Penalties to be sued for.

338

C. 56. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

If no Prosecution in Time limited, the whole Penalties belong to His Majesty.

Justices may determine Matters relative to any pecuniary Penalties, within Six Months after the Offence.

Appeal to Quarter Sessions.

this Act, shall and may be sued for and recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, for Offences committed in that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and in His Majesty's Court of Sessions, Court of Judiciary or Court of Exchequer in Scotland, for Offences committed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such Division or Distribution of the Penalties as aforesaid shall be and is hereby confined and restricted to the prosecuting for the same within the Time herein-before for that purpose limited; and that in Default of such Prosecution within the Time aforesaid, no Informer or Informers shall have or be entitled to any Part or Share of such Penalties, but that the Whole thereof shall belong to His Majesty, His Pleirs and Successors, and shall be recoverable in Manner aforesaid; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace residing near the Place where the Offence shall be committed, to hear and determine any Offence against this Act, which subjects the Offender to any pecuniary Penalty, at any Time within Six Months after the Offence committed, or to be committed, against this Act; and any Justice of the Peace residing near the Place where any Offence shall be committed under this Act, is hereby authorized and required, upon any Information exhibited, or Complaint made in that Behalf, to summon the Party accused, and also the Witnesses on either Side, and shall examine into the Matter of Fact; and upon due Proof made thereof, either by the voluntary Confession of the Party or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to give Judgment or Sentence for the Penalty or Forfeiture, according as in and by this Act is directed, and to award and issue out his Warrant under his Hand and Seal, for the levying any pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures s© adjudged on the Goods of the Offender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof in case they shall not be redeemed within Six Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus, if any; and where the Goods of the Offender cannot be found sufficient to answer the Penalty, to commit such Offender to Prison, there to remain for the Space of Three Months, unless such pecuniary Penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and if any Person or Persons shall find himself or themselves aggrieved by the Judgment of any such Justice, then he or they shall and may upon giving Security to the Amount or Value of such Penalty and Forfeiture, together with such Costs as shall be awarded in case such Judgment shall be affirmed, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions for the County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry or Place, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the same; and in case the Judgment shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such Justices to award the Person or Persons to pay such Costs occasioned by such Appeal, as to them shall seem meet.

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 56. 339

XXVI. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices of the Peace touching any of the Matters relative to this Act, either on the part of the Prosecutor or of the Person or Persons accused, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for such his, her or their Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed of by such Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom the Prosecution shall be depending, that then every such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Forty Shillings, to levied and paid in such Manner and by such Means as herein-before directed as to other Penalties.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Justice or Jus-

tices of the Peace before whom any Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said Conviction to be made out in the Manner and Form following, or in any other Form of Words to the same Effect, mutatis mutandis; that is to say:

BE it remembered, That on the Day of

in the Year of our Lord

in the County of A. of was convicted before me C.D. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, residing near the Place where the Offence was committed; for that the said A.B. on the Day of now last past, did contrary

to the Form of the Statute in that Case made and provided,

4 [here state the Offence against the and I do declare and

adjudge that the said A.B. hath forfeited the Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain for the

Offence aforesaid, to be distributed as the Law directs.

Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day of .’

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice, where he shall see cause, to mitigate and lessen any such Penalties as he shall think fit, reasonable Costs and Charges of the Officers and Informers, as well in making the Discovery as in prosecuting the same, being always allowed over and above such Mitigation, and so as such Mitigation do not reduce the Penalties to less than One Moiety of the Penalties incurred over and above the said Costs and Charges, any Thing contained in this or any other Act of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding; and no such Conviction shall be removed by Certiorari into any other Court whatsoever.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties herein-before granted shall be paid from Time to Time into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time being, of the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct Account of the several Rates and Duties, and pay the same (the necessary Charges of raising, paying and accounting for the same being deducted,) into the Receipt of the Exchequer at such Time and in such Manner as the Duties now charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper are directed to be paid; and that in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt shall be provided and kept a Book or Books, in which all the

Monies

Witnesses neglecting to attend.

Penalty 40s.

Form of Conviction.

Penalties may be mitigated to One half.

Duties to be paid into the Exchequer, and kept separate from other Duties.

340

C. 56. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

General Issue may be pleaded.

Treble Costs.

See 46 G.3. c. 123.

Irish Act, 37 G. 3. c. 27. § 19.

Monies arising from the said several Rates and Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors upon any Account whatsoever; and the said Money so paid into the said Receipt of the Exchequer aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times be sued, molested or prosecuted for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter or Thing herein contained, such Person or Persons shall or may Plead the General Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence, and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

[The Schedule to this Act, and so much of the Act as relates thereto, repealed, 43 G.3. c. 73. §1.]

CAP. LVII.

An Act to amend so much of an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland', in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for vesting a certain Fund in Commissioners at the Fnd of every of a Year, to he by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt; and to direct the Application of additional Funds, in case of future Loans to the like Purpose, as relates to the Commissioners for carrying the same into Execution.

[3d June 1802.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland,

t in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for vesting a certain Fund in -

c sioners at the End of every Quarter of a Year, to he by them

applied to the Reduction of the National Debt; and to direct the

Application of additional Funds in case of future Loans to the i like Purpose, it is enacted, That the Right Honourable the

1 Speaker of the House of Commons of Ireland, the Right Honourable the Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland, the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland the

Accountant General of the Revenue of Ireland, and the Governor of the Bank of Ireland, shall be Commissioners for

carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said Act, and that

all Powers and Authorities which the said Commissioners are

or may be enabled or required to exercise by the said or any future Act or Acts of Parliament shall and may be exercised by any Number not less than Four of the said Commissioners: And Whereas in consequence of the Union of Great Britain and

Ireland, it is necessary to appoint additional Commissioners to act under the said recited Act Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 57—60.

this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Master of the Rolls in the Under

Secretary in the Civil Branch of the Office of the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, for the Time being, be and are hereby added to the Commissioners for carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said Act; and that the Fund by the said Act vested in the Commissioners therein described, shall be and the same is hereby vested in the said Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland, the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of the Under Secretary in the Civil Branch of the Office of the said Chief Secretary, the Master of the Rolls in the Account-

ant General of the Revenue of Ire, and the Governor of the Bank of Ireland, all for the Time being; and that the said Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland., the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, the Under Secretary in the Civil Branch of the Office of the said Chief Secretary, the Master of the Rolls in Ireland, the Accountant General of the Revenue of Ireland, the Governor of the Bank of, all for the Time

being, or any Four of them, shall be and are hereby authorized, empowered and required to execute and perform all such Matters and Things as the Commissioners in the said recited Act described, are thereby enabled or required to execute or perform.

£ Consideration Money for Purchase of Rents under 46 G.3. 123.

may be paid in Stock and transferred at the Bank of Ireland to Commissioners under this A. See 46 G. 3. c. 123. § 3.]

CAP. LVIII,

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities on Debentures, for the Service of Ireland.

[3d June 1802.]

CAP. LIX.

An Act for allowing until the Twentieth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and three, additional Bounties on refined Sugar exported, and discontinuing the Duty thereon granted by an Act of this Session of Parliament

[3d June 1802.]

(a) [ Cap. 43.

CAP. LX.

An Act to continue until the Thirtieth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and three, and amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for regulating and allowing Drawbacks on Sugar exported from Ireland; and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland; and for granting an additional Drawback on the Exportation of refined Sugar.

[3d June 1802.]

['Continued by several Acts, last by 46 G. 3. 3. c. 14,. § 1. until

25th March 1807; but ?wvo .]

42 Geo. III. A a

341

The Fund established by the recited Act for the Reduction of the National Debt of Ireland vested in the Commissioners herein mentioned.

342.

c. 6i. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

No Goods imported into Ireland in a British or Irish Ship, unless the Master and Three fourths of the Crew are Subjects of the United Kingdom.

Nor exported from thence unless so navigated.

So as to Ships registered as Irish Ships.

The like as to Goods carried in such Ships; Ships sailing in Ballast Coastwise; and as to British and Irish Ships sailing from Ireland to fish on that Coast, or of G.B., S

Proviso for Licence.

CAP. LXI.

An Act for the farther Encouragement of Irish Mariners, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[3d June 1802.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to establish in Ireland certain Regulations tending to promote the training up and Employment of Mariners, Subjects of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and for that Purpose that all Ships and Vessels of the United Kingdom should be navigated in the same Manner as British Ships and Vessels are by the Laws of Great Britain required to be navigated;’ Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and two, no Goods, Wares or Merchandize whatever shall be imported or brought into any Port or Place in Ireland, on board any Ship or Vessel, which is or shall be registered, or which is or shall be required by Law to be registered as a British or Irish Ship or Vessel, unless such Ship or Vessel shall be navigated by a Master and Three fourths at least of the Mariners, Subjects of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

II. And be it enacted, That from and after the said First Day of November, no Goods, Wares or Merchandize whatever shall be exported, or shipped for the Purpose of Exportation, from any Port or Place in Ireland in any such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, unless such Ship or Vessel shall be navigated by a Master and Three fourths at least of the Mariners, Subjects of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

III. And be it enacted, That from and after the said First Day of November, no Ship or Vessel which is or shall be registered, or shall be required to be registered as an Irish Ship or Vessel, shall be navigated but by a Master and Three fourths at least of the Mariners, Subjects of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, except as is herein after provided.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said First Day of November, no Goods, Wares or Merchandize whatever shall be carried from any One Port, Member or Creek or Place of Ireland, to any other Port, Member, Creek or Place of the same, or of Great Britain, or of the Islands of Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man in any such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, nor shall any Ship or Vessel be permitted to sail in Ballast from any Port or Creek in Ireland to any Port or Creek of the same or of Great Britain, or of the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, nor shall any British or Ship or Vessel be permitted to sail from any Port on the Coast of Ireland, to be employed in Fishing on the said Coast, or the Coast of Great Britain, or the Coasts of the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, unless such Ship or Vessel shall respectively be wdiolly and solely manned with and navigated by a Master and Mariners all Subjects of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland: Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for Three or more of the Commissioners of His Majesty’s

Majesty's Customs in Ireland,by Licence under their Hands (for which no Fee shall be taken) to authorise any such Ship or Vessel employed in Fishing on the Coasts of Ireland or Great or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, A Sark or Man, to have

on board any Mariner or Mariners for the Purpose of instructing the Mariners of the United Kingdom in such Ship or Vessel in the Art of Fishing, or taking or curing Fish, such Foreign Mariner or Mariners not exceeding One fourth of the Number of Mariners on board such Ship or Vessel.

V. And be it enacted, That where it is required by this Act, or by any other Act in force in Ir, that the Master and the Whole or any Proportion of the Mariners of any Ship or Vessel shall be British or Irish Subjects, or Subjects of the said United Kingdom, the true Intent and Meaning is, that the Master and the Whole, or such Proportions, shall be Subjects of the United Kingdom during the whole Voyage, unless in case of Sickness, Death, Desertion, or of the Whole or Part of the Crew being taken Prisoners in the Voyage; and in such Case the Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall specify the same in his Report.

VI. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to alter or in anywise alfect any Regulations for navigating or manning of Ships employed in any of the Fisheries caried on from Ireland, or any Part of His Majesty's Dominions, for which any special Provision has been made by any Act or Acts in force before the Commencement of this Act.

VII. And to prevent all Doubts respecting the various Terms made Use of in the several Laws of Navigation, with respect to who are to be deemed and taken to be qualified to be Masters of British or Irish Ships, or to be British or Sailors, Seamen or Mariners, be it declared and enacted, That no person shall from henceforth be deemed and taken to be qualified to be the Master of a British or Irish Ship, or to be a British or Irish Sailor, Seaman or Mariner, or to be a Sailor, Seaman or Mariner, of the said United Kingdom, within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, or of any other Act now in force, except the natural born Subjects of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or Persons naturalized by or by virtue of any Act of Parliament, or made Denizens by Letters of Denization, or except Persons who have become His Majesty's Subjects by virtue of Conquest or Cession of some newly acquired Country, and who shall have taken the Oath of Allegiance to His Majesty, or the Oath of Fidelity required by the Treaty of Capitulation by which such newly acquired Country came into His Majesty's Possession, except as is herein after provided.

VIII. And Whereas it is expedient that Foreigners who have served, or shall serve faithfully, on board His Majesty's Ships of War in the late or any future War, for the Time and in the Manner herein after mentioned, should be declared to be Sailors,

Seamen or Mariners of the United Kingdom, within the Intent f and Meaning of the Laws of Navigation under certain Regulations Be it further enacted, That every Foreign Sailor, Seaman or Mariner, who shall have served or who shall serve on board any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels of Wrar, in Time of War, for

Subjects to continue the whole Voyage.

Exceptions.

Master to report thereon.

Proviso for Ships employed in Fisheries.

Who shall be deemed qualified to be Masters of British or Irish Ships, or Mariners of the United Kingdom.

Foreign Mariners on Certificate of having served on board

Ships of War during Three Years in Time of War, and taking the Oath of Allegiance, may be employed as Masters or Mariners in Irish Ship9,

Certificates of such Service and Oath to be first delivered by a Foreigner to the Custom House at Dublin, &c.

Persons, taking the Oath of Allegiance to any Foreign State, except under Terms of Capitulation, not deemed qualified to be such Masters or Mariners, unless taken before becoming qualified.

Persons disqualified acting.

Penalty, Masters rool.r

C. 61. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

and during the Space of Three Years, either in One and the same Ship -or Vessel, or in different Ships or Vessels, and who shall have obtained a Certificate or Certificates from the Captain or Commander, Captains or Commanders, of such Ships or Vessels on board of which he shall have so served; or in case of the Death of such Captain or Commander, then upon the Certificate of the Officer then living, who shall have been next in Rank to such Captain or Commander, testifying that he has so served, and testifying his faithful Service and good Behaviour during the Time of such Service, and who shall also have taken the Oath of Allegiance to His Majesty before some Justice of the Peace, or principal Magistrate of some City or Town in His Majesty's Dominions, or before the principal Officer of His Majesty's Customs in any Port of His Majesty's Dominions (which Oath they are respectively hereby authorized to administer), and who shall obtain a Certificate from such Justice of the Peace, principal Magistrate or Chief Officer, of his having taken such Oath (which Certificate they are hereby authorized and required to give upon the Payment of no greater Fee than that of One Shilling), shall be entitled to be employed as a Master of an Ship or Vessel, or as a

Sailor, Seaman or Mariner of the said United Kingdom, on board any Irish Ship or Vessel, within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, or any of the Laws now in force: Provided always that no such Foreigner shall be entitled to become the Master of any Irish Ship or Vessel, or to be employed as a Sailor, Seaman or Mariner of the said United Kingdom, unless he shall have delivered the before mentioned Certificate or Certificates of the Time he shall have served, and of his faithful Service and good Behaviour, and the before mentioned Certificate of his so having taken the Oath of Allegiance, to the Collector or other Chief Officer of His Majesty's Customs in the Port of Dublin, or in the Ports of Cork, Galway or Londonderry, to be filed by such Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs, who are hereby required to deliver to such Foreign Sailor, Seaman or Mariner, an attested Copy thereof, upon paying the Fee of One Shilling, and no more.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person who is or shall become qualified to be the Master of an Ship or Vessel or to be a Sailor, Seaman or Mariner of the said United Kingdom, by Birth, Naturalization, Denization, Conquest or Service, in Manner herein-before mentioned, and who has taken or shall take any Oath of Allegiance to any Foreign Sovereign or State whatsoever, for any Purpose whatsoever, except under the Terms of some Capitulation upon the Conquest of any of the Dominions of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, by any Enemy or Enemies, and for the Purpose of obtaining the Benefit of such Capitulation only, shall be deemed and taken to be qualified to be the Master of an Irish Ship or Vessel, or a Sailor, Seaman or Mariner of the said United Kingdom, within the Intent and Meaning of any of the Laws of Navigation, unless such Person shall have taken such Oath of Allegiance before he became so qualified; and any Person who shall, after having become disqualified by taking such Oath of Allegiance as aforesaid, take the Charge or Command of any Irish Ship or Vessel, as Master or Commander thereof, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 61. 345

Pounds; and every Person who shall, after having become so disqualified as aforesaid, engage to serve as a Sailor, Seaman or Mariner of the said United Kingdom on board any such Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds; such Forfeitures respectively to be recovered upon Conviction before a Justice of the Peace, if such Offence shall be committed in Great Britain or Ireland, and before any Member of the Supreme Court of Justice, or any Justice of the Peace, if such Offence shall be committed in the Islands of, Jersey or

Man or in any Colony, Plantation, Island or Territory to His Majesty belonging in America: Provided also, that no Ship or Vessel, on board whereof any Person who is so disqualified shall be employed as Master or Commander, shall be forfeited by Reason thereof, if the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, shall show that such Disqualification of such Master or Commander was unknown to such Owner or Owners respectively, or to his, her or their Agent or Agents, and that such Disqualification of such Sailor, Seaman or Mariner, was unknown to such Owner or Owners respectively, or to his Agent or Agents, and to the Master or Commander of such Ship or Vessel, at the Time of engaging such Person, so disqualified, to serve on board such Ship or Vessel: Provided always, that in the Navigation on the Seas of America and the, from

any Port of America and the West Indies to any Port of America and the West Indies, any Negroes belonging to any Person or Persons being or having become His Majesty's Subjects in Manner aforesaid, and with the Qualifications aforesaid, and in the Seas to the Eastward of the Cape of Good, from any Port to the Eastward of the Cape of Good Hope to any other Port to the Eastward of the Cape of Good H, La$cars and other Natives of any of the Countries to the Eastward of the Cape of Good Hope may be employed as Sailors, Seamen or Mariners of the said United Kingdom, in Manner heretofore practised.

X. And for the better carrying on any War in which His Majesty may be engaged, and the Trade of the United Kingdom during the Continuance thereof, be it enacted, That during the Continuance of such War, and no longer (except in respect to such Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships or Vessels and Privateers, which shall be on their Voyage before the Determination of the War, who shall be and are hereby allowed the Liberty and Benefit of returning Home to the United Kingdom, navigated in the Manner as herein after is provided), it shall and may be lawful for any Irish Merchant Ship or other Irish Trading Ship or Vessel, or Privateer, to be navigated by Foreign Seamen or Mariners not being Natives of the United Kingdom, or any of the Colonies or Plantations thereto belonging, or His Majesty's natural or naturalized Subjects, so as the Number of such Foreign Seamen or Mariners do not exceed Three fourths of the Mariners at any One Time employed to navigate such Merchant Ship, or other Trading Ship or Vessel or Privateer, and that One fourth at least of the Mariners or Seamen so employed be at all times "Natives, or His Majesty's naturalized Subjects of the United Kingdom (sudden Death and the Hazard and Casualties of War and the Seas saved and excepted), an Act of Parliament,

Sailors lol.

Ship not forfeited, if Proof made by Owner that such Disqualification was unknown.

Negroes or Lascars may be employed in the Seas herein mentioned.

During Wat-Three fourths of the Crew may be Foreigners on board Irish Merchant Ships or Privateers.

346 C. 61. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Notwithstanding 12 C. 2. c. 18.

Persons natural] red by this Act not enabled to be in Privy Council, Parliament, &c-

His Majesty may permit Irish trading Vessels and Privateers to be manned with Foreign Mariners under this Act, during War.

Goods imported, &c. or Ships sailing contrary to this Act, forfeited.

By whom Goods and Ships forfeited shall be seized, and how Forfeitures recovered and applied.

made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation; or any other Statute or Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

[ as to Irish Trading

Vessels and Privateers, Sect. 12.

XI. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That no Person who shall be naturalized by virtue of this Act shall thereby be enabled to be of His Majesty's Privy Council in Ireland, or a Member of the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or to take any Office or Place of Trust, either Civil or Military, in Ireland, or to have any Grant of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, from the Crown in

Ireland, to himself, or any other Person or Persons in Trust for him; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, at all Times when it shall be found necessary to declare War against any Foreign Power, to publish a Royal Proclamation, if he or they shall judge it equitable, to permit all Irish Merchant Ships, and other Irish trading Vessels and Privateers, to be manned with Foreign Mariners and Seamen during such War, in Manner hereby provided, and that upon the publishing of such Proclamation the Provisions of this Act, so far as the same relate to the Time of War, shall be deemed to be of full Force and Virtue, and have Continuance for and during the Time of such War, and no longer, except in respect to such Irish Merchant Ships, or other Irish trading Ships or Vessels, and Privateers, which shall be on their Voyage before the Determination of such War, who shall be and are hereby allowed the Liberty and Benefit of returning Home to the said United Kingdom, navigated in the Manner as herein-before is provided.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Goods, Wares or Merchandize whatever shall be imported or brought, exported or carried Coastwise, contrary to the Provisions of this Act or any of them, all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and also the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be so imported or brought, exported or carried Coastwise, with all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel, shall be forfeited; and also if any Ship or Vessel shall sail in Ballast, or shall sail to be employed in Fishing on the Coast, in Manner herein-before mentioned, or being required to be manned and navigated in Manner herein-before directed, shall not be manned and navigated according to the Provisions of this Act, such Ship or Vessel, with all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel, and all the Goods, Wares and Merchandize on board the same, shall be forfeited.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all Goods, Wares or Merchandize, and all Ships and Vessels forfeited by this Act, may and shall be seized by the Commander of any of his Majesty's Ships of War, or by any Commissioned, Warrant or Petty Officer, especially appointed by him or by any Officer of His Majesty's Customs of Great Britain, or Ireland that every such Forfeiture incurred by this Act, except on the Seas or Coast of Ireland, or within the same, shall be sued for, prosecuted and recovered,

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 61. 317

vered, in such Courts, and by such and the like Ways, Means and Methods, and the Produce thereof disposed of and applied in such and the like Manner, and to such Uses and Purposes, as any Forfeiture incurred by an Act made in the Parliament of Great Britain, in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the forther Encouragement of Bri- G.5. c. 68. tish Mariners, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, may be sued for, prosecuted or recovered, disposed of and applied; and that all Forfeitures incurred by this Act on the Seas or on the Coast of Ireland, or within the same, shall and may be sued for, recovered, disposed of and applied by such Ways, Means and Methods, and in such Manner and Form, and with such Powders and Authorities as are prescribed, directed and appointed in and by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the settling of the Excise or neiv Irish Act M & Impost upon His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, according to c. 8.

the Book of Rates therein inserted, or by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, relative to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, concerning the several Forfeitures thereby created, with like Remedy of Appeal as in and by the said Acts is provided.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case Irish ships any Irish Ship or Vessel shall be found at Sea, having on board a found at Sea greater Number of Foreign Mariners than is allowed by this Act, With or any Law now in force or hereafter to be made, and the Master o/Forei1" of such Ship or Vessel shall produce a Certificate of the actual Sailors, shall Necessity of engaging such Foreign Mariners in some Foreign not be seized Port, by occasion of the Sickness, Death or Desertion of the like if the Master Number of Irish Mariners, or of the same having been taken Pri- Pg0<Juce soners during his Voyage, and that Irish Mariners could not be j^ecessk of* engaged at such Foreign Port to supply their Room, and that for employing the safe Navigation of such Ship or Vessel, it became necessary them, which to engage and employ such Foreign Mariners, under the Hand of shah he in-His Majesty's Consul, at the Foreign Port where the said Foreign dorsed accord-Mariners were so engaged, or if there is not any such Consul consideration there, under the Hands of Two known British Merchants at such of the Commu-Foreign Port, it shall not be lawful for any of the Persons autho- sioners of the rized by this Act to make Seizures of Ships or Vessels navigated Customs, contrary to the Directions of this Act, to stop or detain any such Ship or Vessel so found at Sea, or to hinder her from proceeding in her Voyage, but such Persons shall and are hereby required, to indorse the Certificate so produced, testifying the Production thereof, and when and where met with at Sea, and that the Number of Foreign Mariners correspond with the Certificate of such British Consul, or such known British Merchants, for the Consideration and Investigation of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England, Scotland and Ireland respectively.

XVI. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Parliament of 27 G. 5. c. 23.

1 Ireland in the Twenty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, in- § 20. (1.)

tituled An Act for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation, it is amongst other Things enacted,

that when and so often as the Property in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any of His Majesty's Subjects, shall be transferred to any other or others of His Majesty's Subjects, in Whole or

348

C. 61. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

All Transfers of Property in Ships after Jan. 1. 1803, to be in Writing with the Recitals prescribed.

Indorsement on Certificate of Registry required by 27 G.3. c. 23. §19. (I.) to be made in Form here prescribed, and a Copy delivered to Person authorized to register, who shall make Entry thereof on the original Affidavit, and give Notice to the Commissioners of Customs in Ireland.

Form of Indorsement.

The Change of Property in any Ship at Sea, &c. to be made by Bill of Sale, &c.

in Part, the Certificate of the Registry of such Ship or Vessel

shall be truly and accurately recited in Words at Length, in the

Bill or other Instrument of Sale thereof, and that otherwise such

Bill shall be utterly null and void to all Intents and Purposes; In order therefore to prevent any Doubts whether by the said Provision every Transfer of Property in any Ship or Vessel is required to be made by some Bill or other Instrument in Writing, and whether Contracts or Agreements for the Transfer of such Property may not be made without any Instrument in Writing, be it enacted, That no Transfer, Contract or Agreement for Transfer of Property in any Ship or Vessel made or intended to be made after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and three, shall be valid or effectual for any Purpose whatsoever, either in Law or in Equity, unless such Transfer or Contract or Agreement for Transfer of Property in such Ship or Vessel, shall be made by Bill of Sale or Instrument in Writing, containing such Recital as prescribed by the said recited Act,

XVII. Anck Whereas by the Laws now in force upon any Alteration of Property in any Ship or Vessel in the same Port to which such Ship or Vessel belongs, an Indorsement upon the Certificate of Registry is required to be made Be it enacted, That such Indorsement shall from and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and three, be made in the Manner and Form herein after expressed, and shall be signed by the Person or Persons transferring the Property of the said Ship or Vessel by Sale or Contract, or Agreement for Sale thereof, or by some Person legally authorized for that Purpose by him, her or them; and a Copy of such Indorsement shall be delivered to the Person or Persons authorized to make Registry, and grant Certificates of Registry, otherwise such Sale or Contract, or Agreement for Sale thereof, shall be utterly null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and such Person or Persons so authorized to make Registry and grant Certificates of Registry, are hereby required to cause an Entry thereof to be indorsed on the Oath, or Affidavit upon which the original Certificate of Registry of such Ship or Vessel was obtained, and shall also make a Memorandum of the same in the Book of Registiy, and shall forthwith give Notice thereof to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in Ireland.

FORM of Indorsement on Change of Property.

"BE it remembered, That I [or we,] [Names, Residence and Occupation of the Persons Selling'] have this Day sold and transferred all [my or our] Right, Share or Interest in and to the Ship or Vessel [Name of the Ship or ], mentioned

in the within Certificate of Registry unto [Names, Residence and Occupation of the Purchasers] Witness my [or our] Hand 4 [or Hands]], this [Date in Words at full ].

i Signed in the Presence of [Two ].’

XVIII. Provided always, That if any Ship or Vessel shall be at Sea or absent from the Port to which she belongs at the Time when such Alteration in the Property thereof shall be made as aforesaid, so that an Indorsement or Certificate cannot be immediately made, the Sale or Contract, or Agreement for the Sale thereof,

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 61. 349

thereof, shall notwithstanding be made by a Bill of Sale or other Instrument in Writing as before directed; and a Copy of such Bill of Sale or other Instrument in Writing shall be delivered, and an Entry thereof shall be indorsed on the Oath or Affidavit, and a Memorandum thereof shall be made in the Book of Registers, and Notice of the same shall be given to the Commissioners of the Customs in Ireland, in the Manner herein-before directed; and within Ten Days after such Ship or Vessel shall return to the Port to which she belongs, an Indorsement shall be made and signed by the Owner or Owners or some Person legally authorized for that Purpose by him, her or them, and a Copy thereof shall be delivered in Manner herein-before mentioned, otherwise such Bill of Sale, or Contract or Agreement for Sale thereof, shall be utterly null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and Entry thereof shall be indorsed, and a Memorandum thereof made in the Manner herein-before directed.

XIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in all Cases wThere the Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel shall reside in any Country not under the Dominion of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, as Member or Members of some British Factory, or Agent or Agents for a Partner or Partners in any House or Copartnership, actually carrying on Trade in Great Britain or land, at the Time when he, she or they shall transfer such Property in any Ship or Vessel, so that an Indorsement cannot be made immediately, nor a Copy of such Bill of Sale or other Instrument in Writing be delivered, nor an Entry thereof indorsed on the Oath or Affidavit, nor a Memorandum thereof made in the Book of Registers, nor Notice of the same given to the Commissioners of the Customs in Ireland, in the Manner beforementioned, the same may be done at any Time within Six Months after such Transfer shall have been made, and that within Twenty Days after such Owner or Owners, or some Person legally authorized for that Purpose by him, her or them, shall arrive in the United Kingdom, if such Ship or Vessel shall then be in any Port of land, and if not, then within Twenty Days after such Ship or Vessel shall so arrive, an Indorsement shall be made by the Owner or Owners, or some Person legalty authorized for that Purpose by him, her or them; and a Copy thereof shall be delivered in Manner herein-before mentioned, otherwise such Bill of Sale, or Contract or Agreement for Sale thereof, shall be utterly null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, an Entry thereof shall be indorsed, and a Memorandum thereof made in the Manner herein-before directed.

XX. And in order to prevent Masters of Ships or Vessels of the United Kingdom from detaining and refusing to deliver up Certificates of the Registry of Ships and Vessels, to the Prejudice of the respective Owners thereof, be it enacted, That in case the Master of any Ship or Vessel of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, who shall have received the Certificate of the Registry thereof, whether such Master shall be a Part Owner or not, shall wilfully detain and refuse to deliver up the same to the proper Officers empowered to make Registry, and grant a Certificate thereof to the Owner or Owners, or the major Part of the

Notice thereof to Commissioners, and on her Arrival at her Port an Indorsement to be made, &c.

Regalations for Transfer of Property where Owners reside out of the King’s Dominions.

Mode of proceediDg where Masters detain Certificates of Registry.

350

C. 61. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Master detaining Certificates,

Penalty 1001. or Imprisonment.

Magistrates to certify Detainer to Persons granting Certificates. Registry de novo.

Where Property is transferred, no Vessel registered de novo unless Bill of Sale produced, but Commis-missioners of Customs, &c. may in particu-

Owners of such Ship or Vessel, if such Master has not any Property therein, or on the other Owner or Owners, or the major Part of the other Owners of such Ship or Vessel, if such Master hath any Share or Property therein, requiring him so to do, it shall and may be lawful for the Owner or Owners, or the major Part of the Owners of such Ship or Vessel, the Certificate of the Registry of which shall be detained and refused to be delivered up as aforesaid, to make Complaint on Oath against the Master of the Ship or Vessel, who shall so detain and refuse to deliver up the same as aforesaid, of such Detainer and Refusal to any Justice of the Peace residing near to the Place where such Detainer and Refusal shall be in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or to any Member of the Supreme Court of Justice, or any Justice of the Peace in the Islands of, Guernsey or

Man, or in any Colony, Plantation, Island or Territory to His Majesty belonging in America or the West, where such

Detainer and Refusal shall be in any of the Places last mentioned; and on such Complaint the said Justice or other Magistrate shall and is hereby required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Master to be brought before him to be examined, touching such Detainer and Refusal; and if it shall appear to the said Justice or other Magistrate, on Examination of the Master or otherwise, that the said Certificate of Registry is not lost or mislaid, but is wilfully detained by the said Master, such Master shall be thereof convicted, and shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and on Failure of Payment thereof, he shall be committed to the common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for such Time as the said Justice or other Magistrate shall, in his Discretion, deem proper, not being less than Six Months nor more than Twelve Months.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Justice or other Magistrate shall and is hereby required to certify the aforesaid Detainer, Refusal and Conviction, to the Person or Persons who granted such Certificate of Registry for such Ship or Vessel, who shall, on the Terms and Conditions of Law being complied with, make Registry of such Ship or Vessel de, and grant a Certificate thereof conformably to Law, notifying on the Back of such Certificate the Ground upon which the Ship or Vessel was so registered de novo.

1 XXII. And Whereas it is expedient that the Officers empowered to make Registry of Ships and Vessels, and to grant Certificates thereof, in case any such Ship or Vessel is required i to be registered de novo, should be authorized to require the Production of every Bill or other Instrument of Sale by which < the Property in any Ship or Vessel is transferred Be it therefore enacted, That when and so often as the Property in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any of His Majesty's Subjects, shall by Sale be transferred, in Whole or in Part, to any other or others of His Majesty's Subjects, and such Ship or Vessel shall be required to be registered de novo^\ t shall and may be lawful to and for all and every the Officer and Officers in, empowered to make Registry of Ships and Vessels, and to grant Certificates thereof, to require, and he and they are hereby authorized and directed

A.D 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 61. 351

rected to require the Bill or other Instrument of Sale thereof to be produced to him or them; and in case such Bill or other Instrument of Sale shall be so required to be produced, and the same shall not be produced to such Officer or Officers, the said Officer or Officers shall not make Registry, nor grant a Certificate of Registry novo, for any such Ship or Vessel: Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in Ireland, or any Three or more of them, if Application shall be made to the Commissioners of the Customs in Ireland, and for the Governor, Lieutenant Governor or Commander in Chief for the Time being, of the Islands of Guernsey or Jersey, or of any Colony, Plantation, Island or Territory to His Majesty belonging, if such Application shall be made to any of them respectively, upon due Consideration of the particular Circumstances of the Case, to give Direction for Registering such Ship or Vessel de novo, and granting a Certificate of such Registry, notwithstanding such Bill or other Instrument of Sale shall not have been produced as aforesaid, and such Registry shall be made, and such Certificate thereof shall be granted accordingly: Provided always, That all the other Regulations required by the Laws in force concerning the Registry de novo of Ships and Vessels be complied with.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That in case there shall be any Alteration of Property in the same Port by the Sale of One or more Shares in any Ship or Vessel, after Registering thereof, and the Owners or Proprietors of such Ship or Vessel who were Owners or Proprietors thereof at the Time such Ship or Vessel was last registered, or whose Property therein has not been so transferred, shall be desirous of having the Ship or Vessel registered de novo, it shall and may be lawful for the proper Officers empowered to register Ships and Vessels in Ireland, and to grant Certificates thereof, and such Officers are hereby authorized and required to register every such Ship or Vessel de novo, provided all the Rules, Regulations and Conditions of the before recited Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and of all other Laws in force concerning the Registry of Ships and Vessels de novo be complied with.

XXIV. And Whereas Irish Ships or Vessels the Property of which is in Whole or in Part transferred to Persons not being Subjects of His Majesty, are not entitled to the Privileges of British or Irish Ships and Vessels; and to prevent Frauds in the Employment of such Ships or Vessels, as British or Irish Ships or Vessels, contrary to the Intention of the Laws of Navigation, they are now by Law required in certain Cases to be registered de novo, for which Purpose it is necessary that such Ship or Vessel should proceed with all due Diligence to the Port to which she belongs, or to any other Port to which she may be legally registered by virtue of the said Act passed in Ireland, in the Twenty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, in order to be registered de novo Be it enacted; That from and after the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and two, as often as any such Transfer of Property in any Ship or Vessel shall be made, while such Ship or Vessel is upon the Sea on a Voyage to a Foreign Port or Ports, in case the Master of such Ship or Vessel is privy to such Transfer, or in case

he

lar Cases direct Registry to be made without such production.

On Alteration of Property in Vessels in the same Port, they maybe registered de novo.

Regulations for Conduct of Masters of Irish Ships belonging to Foreigners, where Property is transferred in

352

C. 61. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

a Vessel while on a Voyage to a Foreign Port, or therein, or while on a Fishing Voyage;

On Failure of Compliance Vessel not entitled to Privileges of a British or Irish Vessel, unless in particular

he is not so privy, as soon as he shall become acquainted therewith, such Ship or Vessel shall proceed directly to the Port or Ports for which the Cargo then on board is destined, and shall sail from such Port or Ports to which the Cargo then on board is destined, to the Port of His Majesty's Dominions to which she belongs, or to any other Port in which she may be legally registered by virtue of the said Act; and such Ship or Vessel may take on board in the Port or Ports for which her original Cargo was destined, or in any other Port or Ports being in the Course of her Voyage to the Port of His Majesty's Dominions, in which she may be so registered de novo> such Cargo, and no other, as shall be destined and may be legally carried to such Port of His Majesty's Dominions, where she may be so registered de and

if such Transfer of Property shall be made while such Ship or Vessel is in any Foreign Port, and the Master of such Ship or Vessel is privy to such Transfer, or in case he is not so privy, as soon as he shall become acquainted therewith, such Ship or Vessel, after having delivered the Cargo then on board such Ship or Vessel at the Port or Ports for which it is destined, shall sail from such Port or Ports to the Port of His Majesty's Dominions to which she belongs, or to any other such Port in which she may be legally registered by virtue of the said Act, and may take on board at the Port or Ports for which her original Cargo was so destined, or at any other Port being in the Course of her Voyage to the Port of His Majesty's Dominions in which she may be so registered de novo, such Cargo, and no other, as shall be destined, and may be legally carried to such Port of His Majesty's Dominions where she may be so registered de novo; and if such Transfer of Property shall be made while such Ship or Vessel is on a fishing Voyage, and the Master of such Ship or Vessel is privy to such Transfer, or in case he is not so privy, as soon as he shall become acquainted therewith, such Ship or Vessel after having finished such fishing Voyage, without touching at any Foreign Port or Ports, except for the Purpose of Repairs or Refreshments, or for delivering any Part of the Cargo she may have on board, destined for such Foreign Port or Ports, shall sail to the Port of His Majesty's Dominions to which she belongs, or to any other such Port where she may be legally registered by virtue of the said Act, and may take on board at the Foreign Port or Ports last described, or at any other Port or Ports, being in the Course of her Voyage to the Port of His Majesty's Dominions where she may be so registered de novo, such Cargo, and no other, as shall be destined and may be legally carried to such Port of His Majesty's Dominions; and every such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, shall be registered de novo as soon as she returns to the Port of His Majesty's Dominions to which she belongs, or to any other such Port in which she may be legally registered by virtue of the said Act; on Failure whereof such Ship or Vessel shall, to all Intents and Purposes, be from henceforth considered and deemed and taken to be a Foreign Ship or Vessel, and shall not again be registered and be entitled to the privileges of a British or Irish Ship or Vessel, unless such special Representation of the Circumstances of the Case to Four or more of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England}or to Three or more of the Commissioners

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 61, 62. 353

Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in Scotland or or to the Governor, Lieutenant Governor or Commander in Chief for the Time being of the Islands of Guernsey or or of any

Colony, Plantation, Island or Territory to His Majesty belonging, as the Case may be, the said Commissioners, Governor, Lieutenant Governor or Commander in Chief, shall respectively, on Consideration of the special Circumstances of the Case, think fit to order; and in such Case they are hereby authorized to order, that the said Ship or Vessel shall be registered, and be thereby again entitled to the Privileges of a British or Irish Ship or Vessel; and such Registry shall be made, and such Certificate thereof shall be granted accordingly: Provided always, that all the Regulations required by the Laws in force concerning the First Registry of Ships and Vessels, shall in every such Case be complied with: Provided nevertheless, that in no Case of the Transfer of Property in Whole or in Part, of any Ship or Vessel, in the Manner herein-before mentioned, the Ship or Vessel of which the Property is so transferred shall be registered de, or be entitled to the Privileges of a British or Irish Ship or Vessel, unless such Ship or Vessel shall return to the Port of His Majesty's Dominions to which she belongs, or to such other Port in which she may be registered de novo, within the Period of Twelve Months after the Date of such Transfer of Property, if such Ship or Vessel shall not be on a Voyage to the East of the Cape of Good or to the West of Cape Horn, or within Two Years, if the Ship or

Vessel is on a Voyage to the East of the Cape of Good Hope, or to the West of Cape Horn at the Time such Transfer of Property shall take Place, except by the Order of the said Commissioners, Governor, Lieutenant Governor or Commander in Chief respectively, upon special Representation of the Circumstances of the Case in Manner herein-before authorized.

XXV. And be it enacted, That this Act may be repealed, altered or varied during the present Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXII.

An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for directing the Appointment of Commissioners to administer certain Oaths and required by Law to be taken and made by Persons offering to vote at the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, to all Oaths now required by Law to be taken by Voters at Elections for Members to serve in Parliament.

[3d June 1802.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for directing the Appointment of Commissioners to administer certain Oaths and Declarations, required Law to be taken and made < by Persons offering to vote at the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, it was (amongst other Things) enacted, that when a f Poll should be demanded at any Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for any County, City, Borough or

£ other Place in England or Wales, or for the Town of

1 upon

Cases, the Commissioners of the Customs, Sec. may order her to be again registered.

In no Case of Transfer of Property shall Vessels be registered de novo except within Periods herein mentioned.

Act may be repealed or altered this Session.

34 G. 3. c. 73.§1.

&c.

354

C. 62. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

When a Poll shall be demanded at any Election for any Place in England, &c. the Returning Officer shall appoint two or more Persons to administer all the Oaths, &c. required by Law.

Oath of Persons so appointed.

upon Tweed, the Returning Officer or Officers at every such Election, after such Poll should be demanded, should, at the Instance and Request in Writing of any of the Candidates,

under his or their Hand or Hands, immediately after such Request, and before he or they should proceed further in taking the Poll, retain, nominate and appoint Two or more Persons to administer the Oaths of Allegiance, Supremacy, the Declaration of Fidelity, the Oath of Abjuration and the Declaration or Affirmation of the Effect thereof, required by Law to be taken, 4 made or subscribed by Voters at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament: And Whereas there are other Oaths besides those enumerated in the said Act, which Voters at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament may be by Law required to take, the present Mode of administering whereof is attended with Delay and Inconvenience, and the Delay and Inconvenience intended by the said Act to have been prevented are thereby only in Part remedied Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, bjr and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, when a Poll shall be demanded at any Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for any County, City, Borough or other Place in England or Wales, or for the Town of Berwick upon, the Re-

turning Officer or Officers at every such Election, after such Poll shall be demanded, shall, at the Instance and Request in Writing of any Candidate or Candidates at such Election, under his or their Hand or Hands, immediately after such Request, and before he or they shall proceed further in taking the Poll, retain, nominate and appoint Two or more Persons (as the Case may require), severally and at different Places, separate and apart from the Place where the Poll shall be taken, to administer all the Oaths, and take the Declarations and Affirmations, now required by Law to be taken and made by Voters at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and to certify the Names of the several and respective Electors who shall take such Oaths and make such Declarations and Affirmations respectively, in the Manner prescribed by the said recited Act; and the Persons to be appointed as aforesaid shall respectively have full Power, and each and every of them is hereby authorized and required to administer all and every such several and respective Oaths to, and take such Declarations and Affirmations from, every such Elector who shall desire or be required to take the same Oaths, or make the same Declarations or Affirmations, or any of them, previously to his voting at any such Election; and every such Person so appointed as aforesaid shall, immediately after such Appointment, and before he shall take upon him to act under such Appointment, take the following Oath: (that is to say),

I DO swear that I will faithfully and impartially administer the Oaths, and take the Declarations and Affirmations, now required by Law to be taken or made by Voters at Elections for Members to serve in Parliament, to and from such Persons as shall lawfully apply tome in that Behalf, in order to qualify

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 62, 63. 355

themselves to vote at this Election; and that I will, on being thereunto requested, fairly and truly give to every such Person or any of them, who shall take such Oaths, or make such Decla- rations or Affirmations respectively, or any of them, before me, a Certificate thereof; and that I will not give such Certificate to 1 any Person before he shall have taken such Oath or Oaths, or make such Declaration or Declarations, Affirmation or Affirma-< tions respectively, as shall be mentioned in such Certificate, before me and in my Presence/

Which Oath, to be taken by the several Persons respectively so to be appointed, the Returning Officer or Officers at every such Election, and his or their Deputy or Deputies, and any of them, is and are hereby authorized and required to administer.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Powers, Directions, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures mentioned and contained in the said recited Act of the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be extended to this Act, and be applied for the Purposes thereof, in the same Manner as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

[So much of this Act as respects the Oath Affirmation required

by 2 G. 2. o. 24. repealed, and the same to be taken manner

prescribed by2G.2. c. 24. 43 G. 3. c. 74.

CAP. LXIII.

An Act to authorize the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets, Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers by the Post, free from the Duty of Postage, by the Members of the Two Houses of Parliament of the United Kingdom, and by certain publick Officers therein named; and for reducing the Postage on such Votes, Proceedings and Newspapers when sent by any other Persons.

[22d June 1802.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Members of the Two ( Houses of Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland should send and receive Letters and Packets by the Post free from the Duty of Postage, within the said United Kingdom, under certain Regulations and Restrictions May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, so long as the Revenue arising in the General Letter Office or Post Office, or Office of Postmaster General, shall continue to be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, it shall and may be lawful to and for each and every Member of the two Houses of Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland to send by the Post to Places within the said Kingdom, free from the Duty of Postage, during the sitting of any Session of Parliament, or within Forty Days before or

Powers of 54 G. 5

extended to this Act.

Members of Parliament may send daily by Post within the United Kingdom 10 Letters and receive 15, not exceeding One Ounce each, free from Postage, under

356 C. 63. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

certain Regula-tions.

Superscription of Letters sent to be of the Hand Writing of the Member, Math the Name of the Post Town, and Date, &c.

Surplus Letters above Number permitted to pass free, charged with Postage in Manner herein directed.

Forty Days after any Summons or Prorogation of the same, any Number of Letters and Packets not exceeding Ten Letters or Packets in any One Day, so as none of such Letters or Packets shall exceed the Weight of One Ounce, and so as each of them be superscribed or directed in Manner herein after mentioned; and also that it shall and may be lawful to and for each and every Member of both Houses of Parliament of the said United Kingdom, during the sitting of any Session of Parliament, or within Forty Days before or Forty Days after any Summons or Prorogation of the same, to receive by the Post, from Places within the said United Kingdom, any Number of Letters and Packets not exceeding Fifteen Letters or Packets in any One Day, so as each such Letter and Packet do not exceed the Weight of One Ounce, and be directed to the Member at the Place where he shall actually be at the Time of the Delivery thereof, or at his usual Place of Residence in London, or at the House of Parliament, or the Lobby of the House of Parliament of which he shall be a Member.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Letter or Packet whatsoever, directed by any Member of either of the Two Houses of Parliament of the said United Kingdom, shall be exempted from the Payment of Postage, unless the whole Superscription upon every such Letter or Packet so sent shall be of the Hand Writing of the Member directing the same, and shall have endorsed thereon the Name of such Member, together with the Name of the Post Town from which the same is intended to be sent, and the Day, Month and Year when the same shall be to be put into the Post Office; the Day of the Month to be in Words at length, and the Whole to be of the Hand Writing of the Member; and also unless every such Letter or Packet shall be put into the General Post Office, or other Post Office, or into any receiving House or Place appointed by His Majesty's Postmaster General for the Receipt of Letters and Packets, to be forwarded by the Post on the Day of the Date put upon such Letter or Packet, and unless the Member whose Name shall be endorsed thereon shall actually be in the Post Town into the Post Office of which every such Letter or Packet shall be put, or within Twenty Miles of such Post Town, on the Day, or on the Day before the Day, on which such Letter or Packet shall be put into the Post Office.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever the Number of Letters or Packets, not weighing more than One Ounce each, sent or received by any Member of either of the Two Houses of Parliament of the said United Kingdom, in any One Day, shall exceed the Number herein-before permitted to pass free from the Duty of Postage, and the Rates of Postage on the said Letters or Packets respectively, or any of them, shall differ, then such of the said Letters or Packets as would be chargeable with an higher Rate of Postage than the Remainder, shall be included in the Number so exempted in Preference to any which would be chargeable with a lower Rate of Postage; and the Remainder of such Letters or Packets shall be chargeable with the several Rates of Postage respectively to which such Letters or Packets would by Law be chargeable, and sent or received by any Persons not

C. 63.

357'

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III.

entitled to send or receive Letters or Packets free from the Duty of Postage.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, the Secretaries to the Treasury, the Lord High Admiral or Commissioners of the Admiralty, the Secretaries of the Admiralty, His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, their Under Secretaries, the Clerks of His Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council, His Majesty's Secretary at War, the Deputy Secretary at War, His Majesty's Postmaster General, the Secretary to such Postmaster General, the Deputy of the Postmaster General for, His

Secretary, the Survejmrs of the Post Office, the Paymaster General of the Forces, the Commander in Chief, the Secretary to the Commander in Chief, the Adjutant General of the Forces, the Comptroller of Army Accounts, all within Great Britain; His Majesty's Lieutenant General or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and his or their Chief Secretary, his or their Secretary for the Provinces of Ulster and Munster in, his or their

Secretary residing in Great Britain, the Under Secretary for the Law Department of the Chief Secretaries Office, the Under Secretary and First Clerk for the Military Department of the Chief Secretaries Office, the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, the Secretary to the Treasury, His Majesty's Postmaster General, all within Ireland, and for the Time being, to send and receive Letters and Packets by the Post, free from the Duty of Postage in the United Kingdom, in the same Manner and under such Restrictions as Persons heretofore or now authorized to send or receive Letters free from the Duty of Postage, either in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, do now send and receive Letters free from the Duty of Postage.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the

Clerk of the Parliaments, the Clerk Assistant, and the Reading Clerk of the House of Peers of the said United Kingdom, and the Clerk of the House of Commons, the Deputy to the Clerk of the House of Commons, the Two Clerks Assistant of the House of Commons, and the Chief Clerk without Doors of the House of Commons of the said United Kingdom (who receives the Fees, and pays them to the Officers of the said House), to send and receive Letters and Packets within the said United Kingdom, free from the Duty of Postage, in the same Manner and under such Restrictions as the Clerk of the Parliaments and the Clerk of the House of Commons (a) are now authorized to send and receive the same within Great Britain. («) [Sec 5 G. 3. 25. § 26.]

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Treasurer or Paymaster of the Navy, and Inspector of Seamen’s Wills, appointed under an Act of Parliament made in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty for the Time being, to send and receive Letters within the said United Kingdom, free from the Duty of Postage, in the same Manner and under such Restrictions as they were by Law autho-

(b) [26 G. 3. c. 63. which is repealed by 3. 60. § 1. and

see Regulations as to Covers, fyc.§ 42, 43. of that Act.']

42 Geo. III. B b rized,

Treasury and Admiralty, Secretaries of State, and other Officers in Great Britain and Ireland, may send and receive within the United Kingdom, Letters and Packets free from Postage.

Clerk of Parliaments, and certain Clerks of the House of Peers and Commons.

Treasurer and Paymaster of the Navy, and Inspector of Seamen’s Wills, (under 2 G. 5. c. 65.) as they might previous to 35G.S. c. 53.

358

C. 63. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Lord Chancellor, and certain public Officers in Ireland, may also send and receive Letters in Ireland, free from Postage, as under 40 G. 5. c. 8. § 14. (I;.

Postmaster General of Ireland may authorize two Persons to send Letters and Packetscon-cerning the Post Office, free from Postage, &e.

[9 Ann. c. 10.]

Persons entitled to send Letters, Sec. free, may, incase of bodily Infirmity, authorize a Per-

rized, previous to the passing of an Act made in the Thirty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An further regulating the sending and receiving Letters free from the Duty of Postage, for allowing Non commissioned Officers, Seamen

and Private Men, in the Army and Navy, whilst- on Service, send and receive Letters at a low Rate of Postage, and for 'permitting Patterns and Samples of Goods to be transmitted by the Post at an easier Rate than is now allowed by

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Chancellor, the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, the Secretary to the Treasury, the Quarter Master General, the Chief Commissioner of the Barrack Board, the Assistant Under Secretary for the Law Department of the Chief Secretaries Office, the First Clerk of the Civil Department in the said Office, the Treasurer or Receiver General of the Post Office, the Comptroller of the Sorting Office in the Post Office, and the Surveyors of the Post Office, all within Ireland, for the Time being, to send and receive Letters and Packets by the Post in Ireland, free from the Duty of Postage, in the same Manner and under such Restrictions, as certain Officers in Ireland have been accustomed in respect of their Offices, to send and receive Letters and Packets, under and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting certain Duties and Rates upon the Postage and Conveyance of Letters and Packets in Ireland,

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty's Postmaster General of Ireland for the Time being to authorize under his Hand and Seal, any Persons, not exceeding Two in Number at One Time, to send by the Post Letters and Packets which shall concern the Business of the Post Office only, free from the Duty of Postage, so as such Persons, so to be authorized, do make and subscribe an Indorsement upon each Letter or Packet, signifying that such Letter or Packet is upon His Majesty's Service, and to seal the same with the Seal of Office; which Persons are hereby strictly forbid so to endorse and seal any Letter or Packet whatsoever, unless such only concerning which they shall receive the special Direction of their superior Officer, or which they shall themselves know to concern the Business of their respective Offices; and if any such Person, so to be authorized, shall knowingly make and subscribe such Indorsement, or procure the same to be made, upon any Letter or Packet which does not really concern the Business of the Office, in respect of which he is authorized to make the same, he shall for the first Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered and applied in such Manner as by the Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, for establishing a General Post Office, is directed with respect to Penalties inflicted by the said Act, and for the second Offence shall be dismissed from his Office.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person entitled to send any Letters or Packets free from the Duty of Postage, being, by bodily Infirmity, disabled from writing the whole Superscription of such Letters or Packets, shall chuse to authorize and appoint some One Person on his Behalf, and in his

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 63. 359

Stead, to sign his Name upon, and write the Superscription of such Letters and Packets, and shall cause Notice thereof in Writing under his Hand and Seal, or under the Hand and Seal of any Person authorized by him so to notify the same, such Authority being to be certified and attested by the Signature of any Witnesses who shall have been present when such Authority was given, and who shall subscribe such Notice, to be transmitted to His Majesty's Postmaster General, all such Letters and Packets so signed and superscribed by the Person so authorized and appointed, shall be allowed to pass free of the Duty of Postage, and shall in all Respects be proceeded with as if the whole Superscription had been of the Hand Writing of the Person by whom such Authority was given as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for every

Member of both Houses of Parliament of the United Kingdom, and the said respective Clerks of the Two Houses of Parliament herein-before mentioned, to send by the Post, within the said United Kingdom, any printed Votes, Proceedings in Parliament or printed Newspapers, free from the Duty of Postage, so as the same be sent without Covers, or in Covers open at the Sides, which shall be signed on the Outside thereof by the Hand of any Member of Parliament, or either of the said respective Clerks, in such Manner as hath been heretofore practised; and also that it shall and may be lawful to and for each and every Member of both the said Two Houses of Parliament, and for each and every of the said respective Clerks, to authorize printed Votes, Proceedings in Parliament and printed Newspapers, to be sent by the Post, free from the Duty of Postage, addressed to him at such Place and Places within the said United Kingdom as he shall have previously given Notice in Writing, to the Postmaster General, either at London or.

[See further,

45 G.3. c. 11. § 4.]

XI. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons who, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament passed in the Parliament of Great Britain or in the Parliament of Ireland, and now in force, are authorized in respect of their Offices to send Votes, Proceedings in Parliament and printed Newspapers, free from the Duty of Postage, shall and may send the same within the United Kingdom, in such and the like Manner as they have heretofore been accustomed to do.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty's Postmaster General in England and Ireland respectively, or any of the Officers employed under him or them respectively, to examine and search any Packet sent without a Cover, or in a Cover open at the Sides, in order to discover whether any other Paper or Thing whatsoever be inclosed or concealed in or with such printed Paper, as is hereby permitted to be sent free of Postage without a Cover, or in a Cover open at the Sides, and in order to discover whether such printed Newspapers shall have been duly stamped; and in case any such other Paper or Thing whatsoever shall be found to be inclosed or concealed in or with such printed Paper as aforesaid, or in case there shall be any Writing other than the Superscription upon such printed Paper, or upon the Cover containing the same, the Whole of such Packet

son to write their Name, &c. thereon; and on Notice to Postmaster, such Letters to go free.

Members and Clerks of both Houses may send Votes and Newspapers free in Covers open at the Sides, &c.

Persons heretofore authorized to send Votes, &c. may continue to do so.

Packets herein described may be inspected at Post Office, and if found to conceal any Thing, &c. charged Treble Postage, &c.-— Unstamped Newspapers sent to Sramp Office.

360

C. 63. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Any Person may send Votes and Newspapers by the Post to Ireland at the Rate of Id. for each; and Newspapers from Ireland at the like Rate, if left open at both Ends.

Forging any Superscription, or altering the Date thereof, &c. Felony, punishable by 7 Years Transportation.

shall be charged with Treble the Duty of Postage; and in case any such Newspaper shall appear not to have been duly stamped, every such Officer is hereby required to stop the same, and send it to the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties, either at London or Dublin, as the case may be.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person whatsoever to send any printed Votes, Proceedings in Parliament and printed Newspapers, by the Post to Ireland, at the Rate of One Penny only for the Carriage of each printed Vote and Proceeding in Parliament, and each printed Newspaper, and also for any Person whatsoever to send any printed Newspaper by the Post from Ireland to England and

Scotland, at the Rate of One Penny only for the Carriage of each printed Newspaper; such printed Votes, Proceedings and printed Newspapers when so sent to be open at both Ends; the said Sum of One Penny to be paid when the said printed Votes, Proceedings in Parliament and printed Newspapers shall be put into the Post Office; which printed Votes, Proceedings in Parliament and printed Newspapers shall, on such Payment as aforesaid, be marked Post paid, and the Money received thereon in Great Britain shall be carried to the Revenue of the Post Office of Great Bntainy and the Money received, thereon in Ireland shall be carried to the Revenue of the Post Office of

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whatsoever shall, from and after the First Day of One thousand eight hundred and two, forge or counterfeit the Hand Writing of any Person whatsoever in the Superscription of any Letter or Packet to be sent by the Post, in order to avoid the Payment of the Duty of Postage, or shall forge, counterfeit or alter, or shall procure to be forged, counterfeited or altered, the Date upon the Superscription of any such Letter or Packet, or shall write and send by the Post, or cause to be written and sent by the Post, any Letter or Packet, the Superscription or Cover whereof shall be forged or counterfeited, or the Date upon such Superscription or Cover altered, in order to avoid the Payment of the Duty of Postage, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited or altered, every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall be transported for Seven Years.

" Act may be altered or repealed this Session. $ 15.

[ Extended to other Officers as therein mentioned 44 G, 3. c. 84.]

46 G.3. c. 61.142. 50G. 3. c. 65. § 19. 50 G. 3. c. 66. 57 3.

c. 66. No Letters exempt from Duty in Ireland but as under this Act, 43 G.3. c. 28. § 10.]

A.D. 1802.

4*2° GEO. III. C. 64?—67.

361

CAP. LXIV.

An Act to revive and further continue until the Twenty fifth EXP. Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, and amend so much of an Act made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of Militia, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament.

[22d June 1802.]

(a) [39 and 40 G. 3. c. 44. (: revived by 44 G. 3. c. 55.) and further continued until 25th March 1810. 4?9 G. 3. c. 89. but no further continuation appears.']

CAP. LXV.

An Act for making Allowances until the Twenty fifth Day EXP. of March One thousand eight hundred and three, in certain Cases, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia of Ireland, during Peace.

[22d June 1802.]

CAP. LXVI.

An Act to enable I4is Majesty to avail himself of the Offers of certain Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps to continue their Services.

[22d June 1802.]

[For Ireland, See c. 68. post. See also 4*3 G. 3. c. 121. but this Act repealed, 4*4? G. 3. c. 54*. $ 1.]

CAP. LXVII.

An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made the Twenty third Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the preventing the steeling or destroying of Turnips, and for the merre effectually preventing the stealing or destroying of Turnips, Potatoes, Cabbages, Parsnips, Pease and Carrots, to certain other Field Crops, and to Orchards; and for amending the said Act.

[22d June 1802.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirteenth Year of 13G. c. 32.

the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectually § 1.

preventing the stealing or destroying of Turnips, Potatoes, Cabbages, Parsnips, Pease and Carrots, growing or being in any Gar-

den, Lands or Grounds open or inclosed; whereby certain Pen- alties are inflicted upon Persons offending against the said Act;

‘ And Whereas it is expedient that, the Provisions of the said Act should be extended and amended May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The Kind's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent^of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, Persons steal -from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person shall steal, ing or destroy-take away, wilfully or maliciously pull up, injure or destroy any inS Turnips,

Bb 3 Turnips, &€> SrowinS iu

362

C. 67,68. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

any Grounds, open or inclosed, and convicted in Manner directed by recited Act,

[Penalty.]

37 G. 5. c. 2. (10

Volunteers under Officers having Commissions from His Majesty, &c. to receive Clothing, Arms, &e. and Pay while called out on Exercise.

Turnips, Potatoes, Cabbages, Parsnips, Beans, Pease or Carrots, growing or being in any Garden, Orchard, Lands or Grounds, open or inclosed, and shall be thereof convicted before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed, in the Manner directed by the said recited Act, every such Person so Offending, and being convicted as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay, upon such Conviction, such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Shillings over and above the Value of the Goods stolen, taken away, wilfully or maliciously pulled up, injured or destroyed, as to such Justice or Justices shall seem meet; which Penalties and Forfeitures shall be recoverd and applied in the same Manner and upon the same Evidence as the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by the said recited Act are thereby directed to be recovered and applied; and in Default of Payment of the said Penalty, such Justice or Justices shall commit the Offender to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Two Months, unless such Penalty shall be sooner paid or satisfied.

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act to enable His Majesty to accept and continue the Services of certain Troops or Companies of Yeomanry in Ireland.

[22d 1802.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that His Majesty should be enabled to accept and continue the Services of such Troops or Companies of His Majesty's loyal Subjects in, as have

voluntarily associated and enrolled themselves under and by virtue of an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An ActJor -

raging and disciplining such Coops as shall voluntarily enrol

themselves under Officers to be Commissioned by His Majesty, for the D fence of this Kingdom during the present War, or as shall hereafter voluntarily associate and enrol themselves, or be continued or formed in Manner herein after mentioned; and that His Majesty, or the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, should also be empowered, according to His and their Discretion, fully to discharge and dismiss the said Troops or Companies, or any of them, and to call in and receive the Arms, Accoutrements and Clothing of such Troops or Companies as shall be so discharged or dismissed :’ Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any of His Majesty's loyal Subjects in Ireland, shall have voluntarily associated and enrolled themselves, or shall hereafter be associated and enrolled or formed or continued in Troops or Companies under Officers having Commissions from His Majesty, or from the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, duly authorized thereto by His Majesty, for the Protection of Property and Preservation of the Peace, within the Barony, City or Town, wherein the Place of first assembling shall be appointed in such Commission, and within every Barony, City or Town immediately adjoining thereto, every Serjeant, Trumpeter,

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 68. 365

Drummer and Private therein, shall be entitled to receive such Clothing, Arms and Accoutrements or Allowances in lieu thereof, and also such Pay, in such Manner and at such Rate as His Majesty, or such Chief Governor or Governors of

shall appoint, for every Day not exceeding two Days in each Month, that he shall actually assemble and attend by Order of his Commanding Officer, acting under the Direction of such Chief Governor or Governors, for the Purpose of being disciplined and exercised.

II. And be it further enacted, That One Serjeant and One Trumpeter or Drummer in every such Troop or Company, shall be entitled to receive permanent or Daily Pay, to be appointed in like Manner during the Continuance of such Troop or Company.

III. And be it further enacted, That neither such Enrolment nor the receiving of Pay or Allowances as aforesaid, shall subject any Person so enrolled or receiving Pay to Military Discipline or Duty, or to the Provisions of any Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if it shall be the Pleasure of His Majesty, or the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, to discontinue the Services of any Troop or Company which shall have been embodied or enrolled under the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Thirty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, or which shall be embodied and enrolled or formed or continued, by virtue of the Powers in this Act contained, on such the Pleasure of His said Majesty, or such Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, being signified to the Commanding Officer of the said Troop or Company, he shall forthwith, on or before the next usual Exercise Day of the said Troop or Company, communicate to the several Persons enrolled in the said Troop or Company, the said Order for discontinuing their Service as aforesaid, and shall then require the said several Persons to deliver up any Arms, Accoutrements or Clothing which shall have been entrusted to their Custody respectively, which Arms, Accoutrements and Clothing shall be forthwith delivered up by the said Persons accordingly; and such Arms, Accoutrements and Clothing so to be delivered up as aforesaid to the said Commanding Officer, shall be conveyed and deposited by such Commanding Officer in such Place or Places, and at such Time or Times, and given up by the said Commanding Officer to such Person or Persons as His Majesty or such Chief Governor or Governors of

shall be pleased to appoint; and if any such Commanding Officer shall refuse or neglect to call in and deliver up such Arms, Accoutrements and Clothing, for and during the Space of One Calendar Month from the Day of the Date of the Order of His Majesty or such Chief Governor or Governors of, to that

Effect, such Commanding Officer so refusing or neglecting shall, upon due Conviction thereof in any Court of Record, be fined for such Neglect or Refusal the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, One Half thereof to be paid to the Informer, and the other Half to the Treasurer of the Infirmary of the County, Town or City in which his Troop or Company shall have been appointed to assemble for the Use of such Infirmary.

Permanent Pay to One Serjeant, &c.

Not subject to Military Discipline.

When Orders given to discontinue the Services of any Troop or Company, Commanding Officer to communicate same, and require them to deliver up their Arms, &c.

Commanding Officer neglecting so to do for One Month.

Penalty 5001.

364

C. 68. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Persons provided with Arras, &c. at the publick Expence, shall, on being disbanded, &c. deliver them up.

Penalty IOl.

or Imprisonment.

Application of Penalty.

Yeomanry acting as Military Corps, Officers entitled to Pay as Regulars, and Privates as on Days of Exercise, and subject to Martial Law.

Courts Martial composed only of Officers serving in such C orps.

V. And be it farther enacted, That if any Person who shall have received or been entrusted with, or who shall hereafter receive or be entrusted with any Arms, Accoutrements or Clothing from the Publick Stores, or at the Publick Expence, shall, upon the disbanding or discontinuing of the Services of any such Troop or Company, in Manner aforesaid, or upon his quitting or withdrawing from any such Troop or Company or being discharged therefrom, refuse or neglect (on being thereto lawfully required) to deliver up any such Arms, Accoutrements or Clothing, every Person so refusing or neglecting shall, on being convicted thereof before any Justice of the Peace of the County within which such Troop or Company shall have been formed, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten. Pounds to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Person whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and sold; and for want of such sufficient Distress, such Justice is here-b)' required to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol of the County, City or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, for any Time not exceeding Six Months; and the Monies arising by such Penalty shall be applied by the Commanding Officer to replace such Arms, Accoutrements or Clothing, and the Overplus (if any) to form a Stock Purse for the Use of such Troop or Company, if such Troop or Company shall remain embodied; or if the said Troop or Company shall be disembodied or disbanded, then the whole of the said Penalties shall be paid to the Treasurer of the Infirmary of the County, Town or City, in which such Troop or Company shall have been appointed to assemble, for the Use of such Infirmary.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any such Troop or Company shall, in case of Invasion, Rebellion or Insurrection, or the Apprehension thereof, voluntarily offer to act as a Military Corps, and to do Duty as such, or to march wherever it shall be ordered within Ireland, during the Continuance of such Invasion, Insur-

rection or Rebellion, or the Apprehension thereof, every Person therein who shall testify such his Offer by putting his *Name thereto shall, upon such Offer being accepted by His Majesty, or the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, be entitled, if a Commissioned Officer, to receive the same Pay as Officers of like Rank receive in His Majesty's Regular Forces, and if a Serjeant, Trumpeter, Drummer or Private, the same Pay daily as on the Days of Exercise; and shall be subject, while he shall be so entitled, and at no other Time nor on any other Ground or Pretence, to the like Military Discipline as His Majesty's Regular and Militia Forces, during the Time he shall have so offered for and no longer.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Officer or Soldier of any such Corps shall be liable to be tried by any Court Martial, unless such Court Martial be composed entirely of Officers serving in Corps formed as aforesaid, such Courts Martial to be assembled by Warrant from the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or by Warrant from

C. 68.

365

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III.

some General or other Officer duly authorized to order Courts Martial to be holden.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Commissioned Officers of such Troops or Companies who shall be disabled in actual Service, shall be entitled to Half Pay, and all Non Commissioned Officers, Privates, Trumpeters and Drummers, to the Benefit of the Royal Hospital at Kilmainham ;and the Widows of Commissioned Officers killed in the Service, to such Pension for Life as is usually given to the Widows of Officers of like Rank in His Majesty's Regular Forces.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Person who shall be enrolled or continued in any such Troop or Company as aforesaid, shall, during the Time he is serving in such Corps, be liable to serve personalty, or to provide a Substitute to serve in the Militia; provided he shall produce a Certificate, signed by his Commanding Officer, that he has for the Space of Three Months immediately preceding the Day on which he shall have been ballotted to serve in such Militia, punctually attended at all such Times and Places as may have been appointed for the Exercise of the Troop or Company to which he shall belong, unless prevented therefrom by Sickness, which Sickness shall be stated in such Certificate, and verified by Oath.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall hereafter enrol himself in any such Troop or Company shall, at the time he shall enrol himself, take and subscribe the following Oath or Affirmation of Allegiance.

i J do sincerely promise and swear, [or affirm],

that I will be faithful, and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty King George the Third, and that I will faithfully sup- port and maintain the Laws and Constitution of this Kingdom,

and the Succession to the Throne in His Majesty's Illustrious

House. So help me GOD.’

Which Oath any Magistrate is hereby empowered to administer, and the Commanding Officer shall transmit the same to His Majesty's War Office in Ireland without Delay, to be enrolled from thence in His Majesty's Court of Chancery at Dublin.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer shall admit or retain in his Troop or Company any Person who shall neglect to take and subscribe the said Oath, or who, upon being required thereto by him, shall refuse to take and subscribe the same, he shall, upon due Conviction thereof in any Court of Record, be fined for every such Offence in the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, One Half thereof to be paid to the Informer, and the other Half to the Treasurer of the Infirmary of the County, Town or City in which his Troop or Company shall be appointed to assemble, for the Use of such Infirmary.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Constable or Peace

Officer appointed or paid in pursuance of an Act passed by the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for belter Execution of the

JLaio and Preservation of the Peace Counties at, shall be admissible into any such Troop or Company.

Officers, &c. disabled entitled to Half Pay, &c.

Persons serving and duly attending in such Corps not liable to serve in the Militia.

Persons enrolled to take the following

Oath.

Which shall be enrolled.

Officers admiting Persons not subscribing the Oath.

Penalty 5001.

Constables under 27 G. 3 c. 40. (I.) not admissible into Corps.

366

Act may be varied or repealed this Session.

5 Eliz. c. 4.

Officers, Mariners, &c. employed since July 16. 1784, and their \V ives and Children, may set up and exercise Trades in any Part of this Kingdom, and not moveable from thence as Poor until they become actually chargeable.

C. 68, 69. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be varied, altered or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXIX.

An Act to enable such Officers, Mariners and Soldiers as have been in the Land or Sea Service, or in the Marines, or in the Militia, or any Corps of Fencible Men, since the Twenty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to exercise Trades.

[22d June 1802.]

WHEREAS there have been and are divers Officers, Mariners, Soldiers and Marines who have served His Majesty in the late Wars by Sea and Land, some of whom are Men that used Trades, others that were Apprentices to Trades who have not served out their Times, and others who, by their own Industry, have made themselves apt and fit for Trades; many i of whom, the Wars being now ended, would willingly employ i themselves in those Trades which they were formerly accustomed to, or which they are apt or able to follow and make Use of for getting their Living by their own Labour, but are or majr be hindered from exercising those Trades in certain i Cities and Corporations, and other Places within this Kingdom, because of certain Bye Laws and Customs of those places, and of the Statute made in the Fifth Year of Queen Elizabeth prohibiting the Use of certain Trades by any Person who has not served as an Apprentice to such Trade for the space of Seven Years For Remedy whereof be it enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all such Officers, Mariners, Soldiers and Marines as have been at any time employed in the Service of His Majesty since the Sixteenth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and eighty four, and have not since deserted the said Service, and also the Wives and Children of such Officers, Mariners, Soldiers and Marines, may set up and exercise such Trades as they are apt and able for in any Town or Place within this kingdom, without any Let, Suit or Molestation of any Person or Persons whatsoever, for or by reason of the using of such Trade; nor shall such Officers, Mariners, Soldiers or Marines, or their Wives or Children, during the Time they shall exercise such Trades, be removeable from such respective Place or Places, to his, her or their last legal Place of Settlement by virtue of any Law now in being relative to the Settlement of the Poor, until such Person or Persons shall become actually chargeable to such Parish or Place: and if any such Officer or Officers, Mariner or Mariners, Soldier or Soldiers, Marine or Marines, or the Wife or any Child of any such Officer, Mariner, Soldier or Marine shall be sued, impleaded or indicted in any Court whatsoever within this Kingdom for using or exercising any such Trades as aforesaid, then the said Officer or Officers, Mariner or Mariners, Soldier or Soldiers, Marine or Marines, or the Wife or Child of any such Officer, Mariner, Soldier or Marine, making it appear to the same Court where

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 69.

367

they are so sued, impleaded or indicted, that they have served His Majesty as aforesaid, or that he, she or they is or are the Wife or Wives, Child or Children of such Officer or Officers, Mariner or Mariners, Soldier or Soldiers, Marine or Marines who shall have so served His Majesty, shall, upon the General Issue pleaded, be found not guilty in any Plaint, Bill, Information or Indictment exhibited against them; and such Person or Persons who, notwithstanding this Act, shall prosecute the said Suit by Bill, Plaint, Information or Indictment, and shall have a Verdict passed against him or them, or become nonsuit therein, or discontinue his or their said Suit, such Person or Persons shall pay unto such Officer or Officers, Mariner or Mariners, Soldier or Soldiers, Marine or Marines, or the Wife or Child of such Officer, Mariner, Soldier or Marine respectively, Double Costs of Suit, to be recovered as any other Costs at Common Law may be recovered; and all Judges and Jurors before whom any such Suit, Information or Indictment shall be brought, and all other Persons whatsoever are to take Notice of this present Act, and shall conform themselves thereto; any Statute, Law, Ordinance, Custom of Provision to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Town or Place where any such Officer, Mariner, Soldier or Marine shall set up and exercise any Trade as aforesaid, to cause such Mariner, Soldier or Marine to be summoned before them in the Town or Place where such Officer, Mariner, Soldier or Marine shall set up and exercise such Trade as aforesaid, in order to make Oath of the Place of his last legal Settlement (which Oath the said Justices are hereby empowered to administer); and such Officer, Mariner, Soldier or Marine are hereby directed to obey such Summons and to make Oath accordingly; and such Justices are hereby required to give an attested Copy of such Affidavit so made before them, to the Person making the same, in order that he may produce it when required; which attested Copy shall at any Time be admitted as Evidence as to such last legal Settlement before any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace; Provided always, that in case any such Officer, Mariner, Soldier or Marine shall again be summoned to make Oath as aforesaid, then on such attested Copy of the Oath by him formerly taken being produced by him, or by any other Person on his Behalf, such Officer, Mariner, Soldier or Marine shall not be obliged to take any other or further Oath with regard to his legal Settlement, but shall leave a Copy of such Attested Copy of his Examination, if required.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act and every Part thereof, shall extend to all Officers and Soldiers who have personally served in the Militia, or any of the Fencible Regiments, from the said Sixteenth Day of Ju One thousand seven hundred and eighty four, for the Term of Five Years, and have been honourably discharged.

IV. Provided always, That this Act shall not in anywise be prejudicial to the Privileges of the Universities of Cambridge and Oxford, or either of them, or extend to give Liberty to any Person

If sued, may plead the General Issue, and shall be entitled to Double Costs.

On Summons before two Justices, such Person* shall make Oath as to the Place of their last legal Settlement; an attested Copy whereof shall be given them, and shall be admitted as Evidence of such Settlement in future.

Extended to Militia Men, &c. having served $ Years.

Proviso for the Two Universities.

368

C. 69,70. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Person to set up the Trade of a Vintner, or to sell any Wine or others Liquors within the said Universities without Licence first had and obtained from the Vice Chancellor of the same respectively.

27 G. 3. C. § 72.

Repealed.

CAP. LXX.

An Act for directing certain publick Accounts to be laid annually before Parliament, and for discontinuing certain other Forms of Account now in Use.

[22d June 1802.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament of Great Britain

passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the several 1 Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties

‘ thereof; and for applying the said Duties together with other

1 Duties composing the publick Revenue; for permitting the -

ation of certain Goods, Wares and the Produce

or Manifacture of the European Dominions of the French

into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies

remaining in the Exchequer, for the Payment of Annuities on Lives,to the Reduction of the National, it is amongst

other Things enacted, that the Commissioners of the Treasury shall cause to be prepared, and shall lay before both Houses of Parliament, within Fourteen Days after the Commencement of every Session, an Account of the total Produce of the Duties of Customs, Excise, Stamps and Incidents respectively, in the Manner in the said recited Act specified: And Whereas the Accounts kept in several of the publick Offices are often required for the Purpose of being laid before the Houses of Parliament, at other Periods of the Year: And Whereas such Accounts, if required to be made up to Periods different from those which are usual in the respective Offices, occasion great Delay and Inconvenience to the publick Service, and unless made up in a corresponding Manner and to corresponding Periods in successive Years, do not distinctly and conveniently shew the comparative Amount and total annual Produce of the said Duties and Incidents: And Whereas it is expedient that Accounts should be made up stating the total annual Income of Great, including

the aforesaid Duties of Customs, Excise, Stamps and Incidents, and all other its ordinary Revenues and extraordinary Resources, and that the same, together with certain other publick Accounts, 4 should be annually laid before Parliament May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act as requires the Commissioners of the Treasury to lay an Account of the total Produce of the Duties of Customs, Excise, Stamps and Incidents, before both Houses of Parliament within Fourteen Days after the Commencemenct of every Session of Parliament, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And Whereas the publick Accounts of the Receipts and Issues of His Majesty's Exchequer of Great Britain now are, and for a long time past have been made up to certain quarterly

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 70. 369

Periods; videlicet,the Fifth Day of, the Fifth Day of

April, the Fifth Day of July and the Tenth Day of

whereby the Declarations of the said Receipts and Issues which now are and hitherto have been made up at the Terms and Michaelmas are become entirely useless and cause much unnecessary Labour and Expence in the Offices of the Auditor and Clerk of the Pells in the said Exchequer Be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Usage of making up such Declarations be, and the same is hereby discontinued and utterly abolished.

III. And Whereas the making engrossed Copies of the Daily

Records of the Receipts and Issues of His Majesty's Receipt of Exchequer in the Office of the Clerk of the Pells is not only

laborious and very expensive, but it is no longer found to be

conducive to the publick Service Be it therefore enacted, That the said Usage of making engrossed Copies of the Daily Records of the Receipts and Issues of the Exchequer be, and the same is hereby discontinued and utterly abolished.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and three, the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord Pligh Treasurer for the Time being shall annually cause an Account of the total Income of Great Britain (including the aforesaid Duties of Customs, Excise, Stamps and Incidents, and all other its ordinary Revenues and Extraordinary Resources), to be prepared and made out for One Year ending on the Fifth Day of January in each Year, together with an Account of the Income of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain for every such Year and also of the actual Payments thereout within the said Year and of the future annual Charge upon the said Fund as the same stood on that Day, and also an Account of the net Produce of all the permanent Taxes of Great Britain within the said Year and also an Account of the Arrears and Balances due from all publick Accountants on the said Fifth Day of January in each Year and also an Account of the Exports and Imports of Great Brit, and of the Shipping registered in or belonging to the several Ports of His Majesty's Dominions within the said Year and also an Account of the publick Expenditure of Great Brita, within the said Year and also an Account of the publick Funded Debt of Great

and the Reduction thereof, and also an Account of the Unfunded Debt and outstanding of Great Brit, as the same stood respectively on the Fifth Day of January in each Year and also an Account shewing how the Monies given for the Service of Great Britain for the Year preceding the said Fifth Day of, have been disposed of; and that the said Lords Commissioners shall, in each Year cause such Accounts to be laid before both Houses of Parliament on or before the Twenty fifth Day of March in each Year, if Parliament shall be then sitting, or if Parliament shall not then be sitting, within Fourteen Days after the next Sitting of Parliament.

The Declarations of Receipts and Issues at the Exchequer made at Easter and Michaelmas abolished;

as also making engrossed Copies of daily Records of such Receipts and Issues.

Treasury to annually cause Accounts of Revenues, Expenditure,

Debt, &c. of Great Britain, to be made up to Jan. 5. and laid before Parliament on or before the 25th of March yearly.

370

C. 71. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

[2G G.3. 32 G. 5. c

2G G. 5. c §20.

and 5G.

c. 55, §2. part

CAP. LXXI.

An Act to amend and render more effectual Two Acts passed in the Twenty sixth and Thirty second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Reduction of the National Debt. " [22d 1802.]

‘ 1I/ WHEREAS it has been found by Experience, that the Pro-. 55.] < visions of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty sixth and Thirty second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, have < been attended with the most beneficial Consequences to the f publick Credit of Great Britain: And Whereas the publick Burthens may at this Period be greatly alleviated, and the Reduction of the National Debt at the same Time accelerated, by consolidating the publick Debt, and the whole of the said Debt will thereby be redeemed within Forty five Years, and also consolidating the several Funds applicable under the said Acts to the Reduction thereof: And Whereas it is therefore expedient that certain Parts of the said Acts should be repealed, and that effectual Provision should be made for carrying into Execution the Purposes aforesaid May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, so much of an Act passed in the 51. Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty's intituled An Act for vesting certain Sums Commissioners, at the End of

every Quarter of a Year, to be by them applied to the Reduction

of the National Debt, as enacts, that whenever the whole Sum annually receivable by the said Commissioners, including as well the quarterly Sum of Two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds therein directed to be issued from the Exchequer, as the several Annuities and Dividends of Stock, to be placed to the Account of the said Commissioners in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England by virtue of the said Act, shall amount in the Whole to Four Millions annually, the Dividends due on such Parts of the Principal or Capital Stock as shall thenceforth be paid off by the said Commissioners, and the Monies payable on such Annuities for Lives or Years as may afterwards cease or determine, shall no longer be issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer, but shall be considered as redeemed by Parliament, and remain to be disposed of as Parliament shall direct; and also 3 so much of an Act passed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign in of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to render more effectual an Act made in the Twenty sixth Year of His present Reign, intituled An Act for vesting certain Sums in Commissioners at the End of every Quarter of a Year, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National and to direct the Applica-

tion of an additional Sum to the Reduction of the said Debt, case of future Loans, as enacts, that whenever the Monies to be placed to the Account of the said Commissioners, consisting of the Dividends of Stock which shall have been redeemed or purchased by virtue of the said Act of the Twenty sixth Year aforesaid, or of the said last recited Act. (other than and except such Capital Stock

as

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 71. 371

as should be redeemed or purchased by the Application of such Monies as are thereinafter directed to be placed to a separate Account in consequence of new Loans), or of an}/- other Act or Acts of Parliament, and of any Annuities, the Terms whereof may expire, and of any Sums which might be annually issued in consequence of any Savings arising from the Reduction of the Rate of any existing Annuities, shall amount in the Whole to the Sum of Three Millions, exclusive of the quarterly Sums of Two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds directed to be issued from the Exchequer by the said Act, or of any additional annual or quarterly Sums which might be directed to be issued from the Exchequer, and placed to the Account of the said Commissioners by any future Act or Acts of Parliament, the Dividends due on such Part of the Principal or Capital Stock as shall thenceforth be paid off or purchased by the said Commissioners, other than and except such Capital Stock as shall be paid off or purchased by the Application of Monies thereinafter directed to be placed to a separate Account in consequence of any new Loans, and the Monies payable for such Annuities for Lives or Years as may afterwards cease and determine, shall no longer be issued at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, but shall be considered as redeemed by Parliament, and shall remain to be disposed of as Parliament shall direct, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act of the Twenty sixth Year aforesaid, as enacts that whenever any of the publick Annuities in the said recited Act particularly specified and set forth, shall cease and determine by the Expiration of the Terms for which they were respectively granted, that from and after the Determination of such Annuities, the Monies then payable thereon shall be issued from Time to Time to the Governor and Company of the Bank of, and shall be

placed to the Account of the said Commissioners, shall be and the same is hereby repealed, and as to all such Annuities as shall remain at the passing of this Act, and shall not have ceased and determined by the Expiration of the Terms for which they were respectively granted before the passing of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act of the Thirty second Year aforesaid, as enacts that whenever the Amount of the Annuities payable in respect of any redeemable Capital Stock then existing shall be reduced, or any such Capital Stock shall be paid off by Means of any Sums of Money to be raised for that Purpose, for which a new Capital Stock should be created, bearing a lower Rate of Interest than the Stock so to be paid off, an additional annual Sum, equal in Amount to the annual Interest so saved, should be thenceforth issued and paid by quarterly Payments out of the Consolidated Fund to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Eng, and should by them be placed to the Account of the said Commissioners, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

IV. And Whereas an additional annual Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds hath, by virtue and in pursuance of divers Acts of Parliament for divers Years last past, been issued from the Exchequer, and placed to the Account of the said Commissioners, over and above the said quarterly Sum of Two hundred

and

repealed.

26 G. 3. c. § S. as to certain Annuities, repealed.

32 G. 3. c.

§ 2. as to certain Annuities, repealed.

372

C. 71.

4-2° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

The 200,000l. heretofore annually issued to be a permanent Charge, and paid quarterly out of Consolidated Fund to Bank for Commissioners.

Money placed to Account of Commissioners under recited Acts and this Act, to accumulate, and be applied in Redemption of public Annuities until the whole paid off as herein mentioned.

and fifty thousand Pounds in the said recited Act of the Twenty

sixth Year aforesaid mentioned: And Whereas it is expedient

1 that, the same should be made a permanent Charge Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and three, the said Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds shall be issued from the Exchequer, and paid out of the Consolidated Fund of Great, by quarterly

Payments of Fifty thousand Pounds at the End of every Quarter, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of and shall

by them be placed to the Account of the said Commissioners.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Monies whatever which shall be placed from Time to Time to the Account of the said Commissioners, by virtue of either of the said recited Acts (except so far as the same are hereby repealed), or by virtue of this Act, shall and are hereby appropriated to, and shall accumulate in Manner directed by the said Acts, for the Reduction of the National Debt of Great Britain, and shall be from Time to Time applied by the said Commissioners, pursuant to the Directions and under and according to the Restrictions and Provisions of the said recited Acts, either in Payment for the Redemption, or in the Purchase of the several redeemable public Annuities of Great Britain, until the Whole of the perpetual redeemable Annuities, now charged upon the publick Funds of Great, including

such Charge as has arisen or may arise on any Loan made in Great Britain, before the passing of this Act, and also such

Charge as shall arise by any Annuities, Interests and Dividends payable in consequence of any Loans made chargeable on the Consolidated Fund by an Act passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for repealing the Duties on Income; for the effectual Collection of Arrears of the said, and accounting

for the same, and for charging the Annuities specif colly charged thereon, upon the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, (a) shall have been completely redeemed or purchased, so as that the Whole of the several redeemable publick Annuities now charged upon the publick Funds of Great, including such respec-

tive Charges as aforesaid, shall be paid off within Forty five Years from the respective Periods of the Creation of such respective Charges and public Annuities as aforesaid. (a) Cap. 42. ante.

VI. And Whereas the Sum of Twenty five Millions was raised

by an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty fve Millions by Way of Annuities: And Whereas Provision is made by this Act for paying off within Forty five Years the Whole of the Capital Stock created by such Loan, and by reason thereof no additional Sum will be issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer of England, or placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt of Great, in respect

‘ of the said Capital Stock: And Whereas part of the said Sum of Twenty five Millions, not exceeding Two Millions, was raised for the Service of Ireland, and it is therefore necessary and expedient that Provision should be made for the Redemption and Purchase of so much of the Annuities created by the said Loan,

£ as shall have arisen by the said Sum of Two Millions ;’ Be it

therefore

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 71.

873

therefore enacted, That the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland shall and they are hereby required to cause to be issued at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in and paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be sufficient and necessary, according to the Provisions and Regulations of the said recited Act of the Thirty second Year aforesaid, for the Purchase and Redemption of such Proportion of the Annuities created by the said Loan, as shall have arisen for the said Sum of Two Millions; and all such Sums shall be issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer in England, paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of

England, and carried to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt in, and by them applied

and accounted for in like Manner as any other Sums of Money remitted from the Exchequer of Ireland are by them applied and accounted for in the Reduction of any like Debt.

VII. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and by several Acts passed since the Thirty seventh Year aforesaid, His Majesty and the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being have been enabled and empowered to remit,

and have remitted to Ireland, for His Majesty's Service in Ireland, divers Sums of Money out of Loans raised in Great Britain: And Whereas Provision has been made by divers Acts passed in the Parliament of Irela, for defraying the Interest and Charges of such Loans to the several Amounts so remitted

And Whereas the Sums required for the Payment of Interest and Charges arising on the Loans so remitted have from Time to Time been remitted from Ireland, and paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer in England, and issued to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National, Debt, but have not been carried to a separate Account: And Whereas it is necessary that the Amount of all such Sums, and the Application thereof,

should be ascertained, and a separate Account taken thereof,

and that a separate Account in future be kept Be it therefore enacted, That such separate Account as aforesaid of all such Sums of Money, so respectively remitted, issued, paid and carried to Account, and of the Application thereof, and of the Annuities redeemed or purchased thereby, shall be made out under the Direction of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury in England and Ireland respectively, the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt in England, and the respective Auditors of the Receipts of His Majesty's Exchequers in England and Ireland respectively, and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament, within Six Weeks after the Meeting of the next Session of Parliament.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, a separate Account shall be kept at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in England of all Monies paid into such Receipt in respect of any Loan raised in Great Britain for the Service in Ireland, or of the Proportion of any Loan raised in Great Britain which shall have been or shall be for the Service of Ireland, and also of all other Monies paid into such Receipt for

42 Geo. III. C c the

Irish Treasury to issue and pay to English Exchequer Sums necessary for Purchase of Annuities created under c. 33. § 13.

ante, for two Millions; such Sums to be placed to Account of Commissioners.

Separate Accounts of Money remitted to and from Ireland in consequence of Loans raised in G. B., and of Application thereof, to be made out and laid before Parliament.

Separate Accounts also kept of Monies paid into English Exchequer in respect of Loans for Ireland, and of Monies issued

374.

C. 71,72. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

for Reduction of National Debt; and Computations made of Stock redeemed and Interest accruing, &c. on Behalf-of Ireland.

the Interest and Charges incurred or payable on any Annuities created by any such Loan or Proportion of any such Loan, and of all Sums of Money issued from the said Exchequer to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt in Great Britain in relation thereto as aforesaid; and a Computation shall be formed, by and under the Direction of the said Commissioners of all Annuities redeemed or purchased by such Sums of Money so issued as aforesaid, and that in the several Accounts required by the said recited Acts of the Twenty sixth and Thirty second Years aforesaid respectively to be made up by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England and Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt respectively, and to be laid before Parliament and the Commissioners for auditing publick Accounts, all Sums of Money paid on Behalf of Ireland on any such Loans so raised in Great Britain as aforesaid, to the said Governor and Company, and carried in their Books to the Account of the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and also all Sums of Principal or Capital Stock of publick Annuities which, in pursuance of this or any other Act, shall have been purchased, ^redeemed or paid off by the said Commissioners within the Year comprehended in such Account, together with the Interest accruing thereon by the Application of any Monies issued from the Receipt of the Exchequer of Great Britain, and carried to such Account as aforesaid on Behalf of Ireland, shall be entered, computed, made up and kept separate and distinct from the like Particulars relating to Great Britain.

[Commissionersenabled to grant Life, 48 G. 3. c. 142.]

which is amended,56 G. 3. c. 53. 57 G. 3. c. 26. 59 G. 3.

c. 34. and see further general, 53 G. 3. 35. 54 G. 3.

rc. 8. 89. 55 G. 3. c. 169. 1 G. 4. cc. 22, 23. and 1 2 G. 4.

C. 70. and c. 108.

CAP. LXXII.

An Act for repealing an Act made in the Thirty eighth Yrear of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for raising a Body of Miners in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, for the Defence of the Kingdom during the 'present War; and for the more effectually raising and regulating a Body of Miners for the Defence of Great Britain.

[22d 1802.]

WHEREAS by the Laws now in force for regulating the Militia of England, it is provided that nothing therein contained should extend to the Miners in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, but that the Warden of the Stannaries, in pursuance of His Majesty's Commission in that Behalf, and such as he should commissionate and authorize under him, should have and use the like Powers, and array, assess, arm, muster and exercise the said Miners within the said Counties, or either of them, as hath been theretofore used, and according to the ancient Privileges and Customs of the said Stannaries, and the like Provision had been made by divers former Acts of Parliament concerning the Militia: And Whereas by reason of the Length

of Time which elapsed since any Commission hath issued to the

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. IIJ. C. 72.

Warden of the Stannaries aforesaid to array, assess, arm, muster and exercise the said Miners, great Difficulties might occur in the Execution of such Commission: And Whereas an Act was made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for raising a Body of Miners in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon for the Defence of the Kingdom during the present War: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Act should be repealed, and that further and more effectual Provision should be made for raising and regulating a Body of Miners, 4 within the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, for the Defence of Great Britain ;Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said recited Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be repealed; and that His Majesty may from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, issue his Commission to the Warden of the Stannaries of the Counties of Devon and Cornwall for the Time being, giving him Power and Authority during His Majesty's Pleasure; and such Warden is hereby, according to such Commission, authorized and required to call together, arm, array and cause to be trained and exercised, such Miners once in every Year, in such Numbers and in such Manner as herein after is directed; and the said Warden shall constitute and appoint, from Time to Time, such Persons as he shall think fit, being qualified as herein after mentioned, to be his Deputy Wardens for the special Purposes of this Act, the Names of such Persons having been first presented to and approved by His Majesty; and the said Warden shall also appoint such Field Officers, and other Officers as herein after directed, qualified as herein after mentioned, to train, discipline and command the Miners so to be armed and arrayed, according to the Rules, Orders and Directions after mentioned, and shall certify to His Majesty the Names and Ranks of all such Officers so to be appointed; and if His Majesty shall, within Fourteen Days after such Certificate shall have been laid before him, signify his Disapprobation of any of the Persons so to be appointed, it shall not be lawful for the said Warden to grant a Commission to any Person so disapproved, but Commissions shall be granted by the said Warden to all such Persons so to be appointed as shall not be disapproved by His Majesty; and the Officers so appointed shall rank with the Militia Officers of this Kingdom, according to the Dates of their respective Commissions, and with all Officers of His Majesty's Regular Forces, in the same Manner as the said Militia Officers are entitled to rank; and the Commissions so to be granted by the said Warden shall not be vacated by reason of the Revocation, Expiration or Discontinuance of His Majesty's Commission to the said Warden: Provided always, that if any Warden of the said Stannaries to whom His Majesty shall have issued his Commission as aforesaid shall be removed from or resign his Office of Warden of the said Stannaries, and cease to be Warden of the said Stannaries, the said Commission, issued to the said Warden for the Purposes aforesaid, and all and every the Powers and Authorities vested in such Warden by

Cc 2 virtue

375

38 G. 3. c. 74.

repealed.

His Majesty may authorize the Warden of the Stannaries to call out and exercise the Miners.

Warden to appoint Deputies and Officers, &c. with His Majesty's Approbation.

Officers to rank as Militia Officers.

How Commissions affected by Revocation or Expiration of Warden’s Commission.

376

C. 72. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Warden to appoint Special Deputy Wardens, qualified, &c. as Deputy Lieutenants.

Warden to displace Deputies or Officers, according to His Majesty's Pleasure.

Justice of Peace with One Deputy Warden may act.

Warden to appoint Clerk of the General Meetings, and Deputy Wardens, Subdivision Clerk.

Their Fees.

virtue of such Commission, find of this Act, shall cease and determine: Provided also, that on every such Removal or Resignation His Majesty may issue his Commission to any Warden of the Stannaries, appointed to succeed on any Vacancy, to exercise the Powers hereby given to the Warden of the Stannaries for the Time being, and such Warden shall thereupon have full Power and Authority to exercise all the Powers vested in such Warden by the said Commission, and by this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Warden shall constitute and appoint Twelve Special Deputy Wardens, at the least, for the Purposes of this Act, if so many Persons can be found qualified as herein after directed; that is to say, every such Person so to be appointed a Special Deputy Warden shall be qualified in the same Manner as Deputy Lieutenants are required to be qualified in the said Counties of Cornwall and, by the Laws

in force relating to the Militia of England (or by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament, or by any former Act or Acts); and every Person so to be appointed a Special Deputy Warden shall take and subscribe the Oaths, and make, repeat and subscribe the Declaration required to be taken, made, repeated and subscribed by such Deputy Lieutenants, by virtue of any such Act, changing only what ought to be changed.

III. And be it further enacted, That His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, may, from Time to Time, as he and they shall think fit, signify his and their Pleasure to the Warden of the Stannaries to displace all or any Deputy Wardens or Officers aforesaid, and thereupon the said Warden shall forewith displace such Deputy Wardens or Officers, and appoint others within the same County, with the like Qualifications, and under and subject to the like Provisions and Restrictions, to serve in their Stead.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said Counties respectively, together with One or more Special Deputy Warden or Deputy Wardens, to do all Matters and Things in the Execution of this Act which might be done by a like Number of Special Deputy Wardens, in the same Manner as justices of the Peace are authorized to act with Deputy Lieutenants in executing the Laws concerning the Militia.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Warden shall, from Time to Time, appoint a Clerk of the General Meetings, to be holden as herein after directed, and may displace such Clerk, if he shall think fit, and appoint another in his Room; and the Special Deputy Wardens within their respective Subdivisions, or the major Part of those present at any Subdivision Meeting, shall also, from Time to Time, appoint a Clerk for their Subdivisions, and may displace such Clerk, as they or the major Part of them shall think fit, and appoint another in his Room; and such Clerk of such General Meeting shall be paid Five Guineas for every General Meeting; and such Clerks of Subdivision Meetings shall be paid One Guinea for every Subdivision Meeting; such Fees to be paid by the Receiver General of the Land Tax in the Counties of Corn-imll and Devon respectively; and such Clerks shall receive no other Fee or Reward whatsoever.

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III.

c. 72.

377

VI. And be it further enacted, That General Meetings of the said Warden and Special Deputy Wardens shall be holden at the most convenient Towns of the Counties of and Devon

respectively; and such Meetings shall consist of the Warden and two Special Deputy Wardens at the least, or on the Death, Removal or Absence of the Warden, of Three Special Deputy Wardens at the least; and One such General Meeting shall be holden within each of the said Counties, annually, upon the last Tuesday which shall happen before the Tenth Day of October in every Year and the said Warden and Two Deputy Wardens, or (on the Death, Removal or Absence of the Warden) any Three Deputy Wardens, when they shall find it necessary for carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution, may summon or cause to be summoned other General Meetings, on an}' Days to be fixed by such Summons; and Notice of such Meetings shall be given Fourteen Days at the least before the Day of any such Meeting, in some Newspaper or Newspapers, usually circulated in the said Counties of Cornwall and Devon respectively; and such General

Meeting shall and may summon other Meetings, and be adjourned in the same Manner as General Meetings of Lieutenancy may be summoned and adjourned by virtue of the Laws then in force, concerning the Militia Forces in

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Warden and Special Deputy Wardens, or such of them as shall be present at the first General Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, in each of the said Counties of Cornv and Devon, shall appoint the several Subdivision Meetings, which shall be held within the Four Stannaries of Blachnore, Foymore, Tyvoarnhaitc,

and Kerrierrespectively, for the County of, and within the Four Stannaries of Chagjbrd, and Ta-

vistock, for the County of Devon;which Subdivision Meetings shall consist of Two Special Deputy Wardens, or One Special Deputy Warden and One Justice of the Peace for the County within which such Subdivision Meetings shall be holden; and such Subdivision Meetings shall have the like Powers and Authorities, for the Purposes of this Act, as the Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy have for the Purposes of the several General Acts concerning the Militia Forces of

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Warden and Special Deputy Wardens respectively present at every Annual Meeting in each of the said Counties, shall issue their Orders to the Chief Constables, and where there is no Chief Constable, to some other Officer of the Hundred or other Division within the said Counties respectively where Miners do dwell, requiring every such Chief Constable or other Officer, to issue an Order under his Hand to all Constables, Tythingmen and other Officers of every Parish, Tything or Place within the said Hundreds or other Divisions respectively where Miners do dwell, to return to the Special Deputy Wardens within their respective Subdivisions, at the Places and at the Times to be appointed for that Purpose, full and true Lists in Writing of all and every the Miners dwelling within their respective Parishes and Places, between the Ages of Eighteen and Forty five Years, distinguishing their respective Occupations as Miners; and where the true Names and Descriptions of such

General Meetings to be holden annually.

Notice thereof to be given.

General Meeting may summon other Meetings.

First General Meeting to appoint Subdivision Meetings, &c.

Annual Meetings to issue Orders to Chief Constables, &c. to return to Special Deputy Wardens Lists of Miners between 18 and 45 Years.

378

C. 72. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Copies of Lists to be affixed on Church Door.

Appeals. Constables to verify List.

Subdivisions may hear Appeals, &c.

In what case Person above 18 struck off List as not being a privileged Miner.

Omitting Names in Lists.

Penalty 201.

Chief Captains of Mines, or Agents of Blowing Houses, to return Lists of Miners employed, &c.

Miners cannot be procured, their common Appellations shall be sufficient, and distinguishing which of such Persons so returned labour under any Infirmity likely to incapacitate them from serving in pursuance of this Act, or claim to be exempt from serving in the Militia, together with the Ground of such Claim of Exemption, under any Act or Acts which may be in force relating to the Militia of England;and having first affixed a true Copy of the

List intended to be so returned on the Door of the Church or Chapel belonging to every such Parish or Place; or if any such Parish or Place shall have no Church or Chapel belonging thereto, then on the Door of the Church or Chapel of some Parish or Place adjoining, on some Sunday Morning before such Return shall be made, which shall be Three Days at the least before the Meeting appointed for receiving such Return; and having also written at the Bottom of such Copy, so affixed on the Door of such Church or Chapel, Notice of the Day and Place of such Meeting, and that all Persons who shall think themselves aggrieved may then appeal, and that no Appeal will afterwards be received; and at the Days and Places so to be appointed for the Returns of such Lists, the Constables, Tythingmen and other Officers respectively shall attend, and verify the same upon Oath; and the said Special Deputy Wardens, or any Two or more of them, or any Special Deputy Warden and One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace assembled in their respective Subdivisions, shall proceed to hear Appeals, and amend such Lists, and cause Duplicates of such amended Lists to be made, and otherwise to act therein in the same manner as Deputy Lieutenants and Justices are authorized to proceed in the like Cases, and with the like Regard to Exemptions claimed as in respect to the Returns of Men to be ballotted for the Militia in England.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be struck off the said Lists upon Appeal on Pretence that such Person is not a privileged Miner, if such Person, being above the Age of Eighteen Years, was left out of the List last returned under the Laws concerning the Militia Forces of England for the Parish or Place where he resided as a privileged Miner, and unless such Person shall, upon Oath or Affirmation (if a Quaker), declare that he was not left out of such List by reason of his being a privileged Miner, but by Mistake or Neglect, or for some other Cause.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Constable, Tything-man or other Officer, shall wilfully omit or neglect to insert in any such List the Name of any Person which ought to be inserted therein, every such Constable, Tythingman or other Officer, shall forfeit and lose, for every such Offence, the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in order to enable the said Special Deputy Wardens to correct and amend the said Lists, and discover whether all the Names have been inserted which ought to have been inserted therein, the said Special Deputy Wardens shall, if they shall think fit, issue their Precept to the Chief Captain of any Mine, or to the Agent of any Blowing House or Smelting House within any Subdivision, requiring such Chief Captain or Agent to return, to such Special Deputy Wardens, at any Subdivision

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 72. 379

division Meeting as they shall see fit, a true List of all the working Miners employed in or about the Business of such Mine, Blowing House or Smelting House, and describing their Occupations as Miners, and where they respectively dwell; and if any such Captain or Agent shall wilfully omit or neglect to insert in such List the Name of any Person which ought to be inserted therein, such Captain or Agent shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted, That after such Return shall have been made, and such Lists amended and made complete as aforesaid, the said Special Deputy Wardens, within their respective Subdivisions, shall, at Subdivision Meetings to be holden for that Purpose, appoint what Number of Men shall serve for each Subdivision, and shall direct what Number of Men, so to be appointed to serve for such Subdivision, shall serve for each Parish and Place within such Subdivision, in proportion to the Numbers appointed to serve for such Subdivision, and shall appoint another Meeting to be holden within the same Subdivision as soon as conveniently may be, and within Three Weeks from the Day of the prior Meeting, and shall issue an Order to the Chief Constables, or other Officers of the respective Hundreds and Places within such Subdivision, requiring them to give Notice to the Constable, Tythingman or other Officer of every Parish or Place within their respective Hundreds and Places, of the Time and Place of the next Subdivision Meeting; and the said Special Deputy Wardens or any Two of them, at such Subdivision Meeting, shall cause the Number of Men appointed to serve as aforesaid to be chosen by Ballot out of the Duplicate of the List returned for every Parish and Place, and amended as aforesaid, in the same Manner as Men are or shall be chosen by Ballot to serve in the Militia in England; and shall appoint another Meeting to be holden in the same Subdivision as soon as conveniently may be, and within Three Weeks after such prior Meeting, and shall issue an Order to the Chief Constables or other Officers of the several Hundreds or Places within such Subdivision, to direct the Constable or other Officer of every Parish or Place to give Notice to each Man so chosen to serve as aforesaid to appear at such Meeting so to be appointed, which Notice shall be given to him, or left at his Place of Abode, at least Seven Days before such Meeting; and such Constable or other Officer shall attend such Meeting, and make a Return on Oath of the Service of such Notice; and every Person so chosen by Ballot shall upon such Notice appear at such Meeting, and there take the following Oath; (that is to say,)

J A.B.do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faith-

ful, and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty King

‘and I do swear, That I will faithfully serve in the Regiment of Miners of the Counties of Corn and, within Great

i Britain, for the Defence of the same, during the Time of Five

Years, for which I am enrolled, unless I shall be sooner discharged.' [Other Oaths, 51 G.3. c, 114. § 2.]

And every such Person shall be enrolled (in a Roll to be then and

Penalty 50l.

After Lists are completed. Deputy Wardens to appoint Number of Men to serve for each Subdivision,

&c. and appoint another Meeting for chusing Men by Ballot,

&C.J

and another within Three Weeks after. Men chosen to appear and take the following

Oath;

and be enrolled.

380

C. 72. 42° GEO. III.

Persons ballotted may provide Substitutes.

Where full N umber of Men not enrolled, a fresh Ballot shall be taken.

One Deputy Warden or Justice may administer Oaths and enrol Men.

Persons chosen by Ballot not appearing or providing Substitutes. Penalty 151. and liable to serve again in course.

Penalty not paid, compellable to serve.

Quakers proceeded with as in the Militia.

A.D. 1802.

there prepared for that Purpose) to serve in the said Regiment for the Space of Five Years.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person so chosen by Ballot may produce a Substitute, who shall be examined, approved, enrolled and sworn in the same Manner, under the like Regulations, for the same Term, and with the like Limitation of Service as Substitutes may be sworn and enrolled under any Acts which now are or may be in force for regulating the Militia in England.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if, through any Neglect or Mistake, or from any other Cause, the full Number of Men appointed for any Subdivision should not be duly enrolled at the Meeting appointed for that Purpose, then the said Special Deputy Wardens, or any Two or more of them, at their said Meeting or at some subsequent Meeting, are hereby required immediately to proceed to a fresh Ballot, and to adjourn their Meeting, and appoint other Meetings and amend the Lists, and repeat the amending of Lists as may be necessary and expedient for carrying the Purposes of this Act duly and fully into Execution, in the same Manner as Deputy Lieutenants may do for the like Purposes by the Laws in force concerning the Militia.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any One Special Deputy Warden or Justice of the Peace to administer the Oath herein-before required to be taken, either to any Person ballotted, or to any Person who shall offer to serve as a Substitute, and such Special Deputy Warden or Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized to direct and require the Clerk of the Subdivision, for which every such Person is to serve, to enrol on the Roll of such Subdivision the Name of such Person, together with the Day on which the said Oath was so administered to such Person.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person chosen by

Ballot as aforesaid shall refuse or neglect to appear and take the Oath aforesaid, and serve in the said Regiment, or provide a Substitute who shall be examined, approved, sworn and enrolled according to the Provisions herein contained; every such Person so refusing or neglecting shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifteen Pounds, and be liable, at the Expiration of Five Years, to serve in the said Regiment or provide a Substitute; and in Default of Payment of such Penalty as aforesaid, or for Want of sufficient Effects whereon to levy the same, the Name of such Person shall be entered on the Roll, and such Person shall be delivered over to the proper Officer of the Regiment, and shall be compelled to serve in the said Regiment for such Term, to be computed from the Time of his being apprehended, as any other Person then ballotted for would be liable to serve, and shall be subject to the same Punishment for afterwards absconding or deserting as he would have been subject to in case he had appeared and been duly sworn and enrolled: Provided always, that if any Person,

so ballotted to serve in the said Regiment shall be one of the People called Quakers, the same Proceedings shall be had with respect to such Person as may be had with respect to a Quaker ballotted to serve in the Militia in England; and all and every the Provisions with respect to the People called Quakers in the several

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III.

G 72.

381

several Acts concerning the Militia Forces of England shall be carried into Execution in the levying of Men to be raised by virtue of this Act, in the same Manner and as fully and amply as if the same had been repeated and enacted in the Body of this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Two or more Deputy Wardens or Justices of the Peace shall, at any of their Subdivision Meetings, receive Information, or shall suspect that any Person, whose Name shall be inserted in any List to be returned in pursuance of this Act, shall wilfully quit or leave his Place or Residence for the Purpose of avoiding the Service required by this Act, it shall be lawful for them to make Inquiry thereof, and to summon such Persons as they shall think necessary to appear before them, at such Time and Place as they shall appoint, and to examine such Persons upon Oath (which Oath any One of them is hereby authorized to administer); and in case it shall appear that such Change of Residence was fraudulent, in order to avoid serving in the said Miners’ Regiment, it shall be lawful for such Deputy Wardens or Justices of the Peace, or any Two of them, to appoint such Person so fraudulently changing his Residence, to serve as a Private Man in the said Regiment, for the Parish, Tithing or Place for which such List shall have been returned, if there shall be a Vacancy; and if there shall be no Vacancy at that Time, then upon the first Vacancy that shall happen; and if any such Person shall neglect or refuse to serve in the said Regiment persuant to such Order, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Special Deputy Wardens, or any Two or more of them, within their respective Subdivisions, to add together the Lists of Two or more Parishes or Places within such Subdivision, and proceed upon such Lists, added together, in the same Manner as if such Lists had been originally returned for One Parish or Place, so as to make the Choice of Men by Ballot within every Parish and Place in each Subdivision as equal as possible.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if the List of any Parish or Place shall be lost or destroyed, it shall be lawful for the said Special Deputy Wardens, or any Two or more of them, to cause a new List of such Parish or Place to be made and returned to them at their next or any subsequent Subdivision Meeting, and to enforce the Return thereof, and to proceed thereupon in the same Manner as they might have done upon the List so lost or destroyed} if the same had not been lost or destroyed.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Number of Private

Men to be raised, in the first Instance, by virtue of this Act, shall be in the Proportion of One in Fourteen of all such Miners within the said Counties of -Devon and, as are liable to serve

under the Provisions of this Act; and that from and after the Twenty fifth Day of June Ohe thousand eight hundred and five, the Number of Private Men as aforesaid shall be raised in Proportion to the Number of Private Men to be then furnished by the County of Cornwall for the Militia of the same County under any Act or Acts which may be then in force concerning the Militia Forces of England;and the said Private Men to be raised by virtue of this Act shall form a Regiment of Four Companies, to

each

Subdivision Meetings may order Persons to serve who have fraudulently changed their Residence

Refusing to serve.

Penalty 101. Lists of Two Places may be added together.

If Lists be lost, Two Deputy Wardens may make new Lists.

Establishment of the Regiment.

382

C. 72. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Warden may be

Lieutenant

Colonel.

Warden to call out Regiment yearly for 21 Days, to be trained and exercised under like Regulations as Militia.

Officers qualified as in Militia.

His Majesty may appoint an Adjutant.

Warden to appoint a Surgeon.

each of which there shall be One Captain, One Lieutenant and One Ensign; and the Field Officers of the said Regiment shall be One Lieutenant Colonel Commandant and One Major: Provided always, that no Field Officer of the said Regiment shall be Captain of a Company; provided always, that the said Lieutenant Colonel Commandant may be appointed, with the Approbation of His Majesty, to serve with the Rank of Colonel, in case he shall have served as an Officer for Five Years in His Majesty's Regular Forces, or in the embodied Militia: Provided always, that in case of any Augmentation being made to the said Regiment as herein after mentioned, no new Companies shall be added thereto, unless the Number of Private Men shall be then sufficient to form more than Four Companies of Sixty Private Men at the least.

NXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Warden, if he shall think fit, with the Approbation of His Majesty, to be the Lieutenant Colonel Commandant of the said Regiment, instead of appointing another Person to be Lieutenant Colonel Commandant thereof.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Warden, and he is hereby required, once in every Year, to call out the said Regiment, or any Part or Proportion thereof, not being less than Two Companies, for the Purpose of being trained and exercised together for the Space of Twenty one Days, at such Time or Times, and Place or Places, as he shall appoint, with the Approbation of His Majesty; and in case the Whole of such Regiment shall not be called out in order to be trained and exercised at the same Time, the respective Parts thereof shall be trained and exercised successively, until the whole of the Men serving in such Regiment shall have been trained and exercised for the Space of Twenty one Days in every Year and all the Rules, Regulations, Powers, Directions and Provisions contained in any Act relating to the Militia of England, not repugnant to the Provisions of this Act, shall extend and be construed to extend to the said Regiment, or any Part thereof, when so called out as aforesaid, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Rules, Regulations, Powers, Directions and Provisions were repeated and reenacted in the Body of this Act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant Colonel Commandant and other Officers of the said Regiment shall be Persons having the like Qualifications as are or shall be by Law required for Officers of the same Rank, serving in the Militia for the Counties of Cornwall and Devon.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That His Majesty may and shall appoint One proper Person, who shall have served, or shall, at the Time of such Appointment, actually serve in some of His Majesty's other Forces, or in any Body of Militia that has been drawn out and embodied for the Space of Five Years, to be the Adjutant of the said Regiment of Miners; and such Adjutant shall and may have the like Privileges, Benefits and Advantages, and no other, as any Adjutant appointed to any Body of Militia is entitled to by the Laws in force concerning the Militia.

XXV. And be it enacted, That the said Warden shall and may, with the Approbation of His Majesty, appoint One fit and

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 72. 383

proper Person who shall have passed his Examination at Surgeons* Hall, and received his Certificate accordingly, to be Surgeon of the said Regiment; and such Surgeon shall be entitled to the same Pay and Emoluments, and be subject to the same Rules and Regulations, as Surgeons serving in the Militia.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant Colonel Commandant of the said Regiment shall appoint a Regimental Clerk, who shall execute the Office of Paymaster, in the same Manner, and with the like Benefits as Persons appointed to the like Offices by the Colonels or Commanding Officers of Regiments or Battalions of Militia.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers shall be appointed to the said Regiment, in the same Manner and in the same Proportion as Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers are appointed to Militia Regiments in England; and such Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, shall take the same Oath to serve faithfully in the said Regiment of Miners, as Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers of Militia are required to take to serve in the Militia, changing only what ought to be changed.

XXVIII. And Whereas it may be expedient, in case His Majesty should order any Increase to be made to the Militia f Forces of England, that a proportionate Augmentation should be made to the said Regiment Be it therefore enacted, That

whenever His Majesty shall, by His Royal Proclamation, and by virtue of any Act or Acts which may be in force concerning the Militia of England, order and direct that the Number of Men serving for the several Counties, Ridings and Places in England shall be increased, the said Warden and Deputy Wardens shall immediately, on the issuing of any such Proclamation, assemble and forthwith proceed to apportion the Number of Men necessary to be raised for augmenting the said Regiment, in the same Proportion as may be directed by the said Proclamation for augmenting the Militia of the County of among the Hundreds

or other Divisions of the said Counties where Miners dwell, and shall afterwards proceed to raise and enrol such Men at such Time or Times as shall be specified in such Proclamation; and all the Powers, Provisions, Regulations, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Bounties, Allowances, Clauses, Matters and Things in this Act contained, shall be applied, practised and put in Execution, for raising, training, exercising, embodying and calling out into actual Service, the Supplementary Miners by this Clause directed to be raised and enrolled, in as full and ample a Manner in every Respect, as far as the same are applicable, as if the said Number of them so added to the said Regiment had been included in the Number of Men required and directed to be raised by virtue of this Act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Provisions contained in any Act made or to be made concerning the Militia Forces of England, for holding the several General and Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy of the several Counties and Places therein mentioned, and appointing new or other Meetings, and for procuring and compelling Returns and Proceedings thereon, and for balloting Men to serve in the said Militia, and all and every the Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Penalties and

Forfeitures,

and the Lieutenant Colonel Commandant to appoint a Regimental Clerk.

Serjeants, &c. appointed in like Proportion as in Militia.

When His Majesty shall augment the Militia, the Warden shall augment in a like Proportion the Regiment of Miners.

The Provisions of any Act concerning the Militia Forces of England shall extend to this Act, so far as applicable.

384

C. 12. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Regiment not to go out of

G. B.

21 G. 2. c. 44. extended to Warden and his Deputies.

Seats in Parliament.

Office of Sheriff.

Penalties how recovered, exceeding 20l.;

not exceeding 201.

Forfeitures, Bounties, Allowances, Clauses, Matters and Things contained in any such Act, relative to the raising, training, embodying and calling out the said Militia, or providing for the Families of Militia Men called out, or respecting the paying, clothing or subsisting the Militia, or touching the billeting the said Militia, or in any Manner relating to or concerning such Militia, or any Officers or Men serving the rein, shall be applied, practised and put in Execution with respect to the Regiment hereby directed to be raised, and the Officers or Men serving the rein, in as full and ample Manner as if all and every such Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Bounties and Allowances, Clauses, Matters and Things had been again repeated and enacted in this Act, so far as the same respectively are applicable to the Provisions of this Act, and are not repugnant to or altered thereby.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That neither the Whole nor any Part of the said Regiment shall, on any Account, be carried or ordered to go out of Great Britain.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Provisions of an Act passed in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the rendering the Justices of the Peace more safe in the Execution of their Office; and for indemnifying Constables and others acting in Obedience to their Warrants, shall extend to the said Warden and Deputy Wardens while acting in the Execution of this Act, in like Manner and as fully and effectually as the same extend to Justices of the Peace acting in the Execution of their Office.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Acceptance of a Commission in the said Regiment shall not vacate the Seat of any Member returned to serve in Parliament; and that no Person, being an Officer of the said Regiment, shall be compelled to serve the Office of Sheriff.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, which shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, shall be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in any of the Stannary Courts in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, wherein no Essoign, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and that all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, which shall not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, shall, on Proof upon Oath of the Offence before any Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding or Place where the Offence shall be committed, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale to the Person whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and sold; and for Want of sufficient Distress, such Justice is hereby required, in all Cases where no particular Time of Commitment is herein-before directed, to commit such Offender to the common Gaol of the County, Riding or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, for any Time not exceeding Three Months; and the Money arising by all such Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, the Application

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 72, 73. 385

whereof is not otherwise particularly directed by this Act, shall be paid to the Clerk of the said Regiment, and shall be made Part of the publick Stock of such Regiment.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Order of Conviction made by the said Warden or Two Special Deputy Wardens, or by One Special Deputy Warden, together with any One Justice of the Peace, or by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, by virtue of this Act, shall be removed by Certiorari out of the County, Riding, Division, Citjr, Town or Place wherein such Order or Conviction shall have been made, into any Court whatsoever; and that no Writ of Certiorari shall supersede Execution or other Proceedings upon any such Order or Conviction so made in pursuance of this Act, but that Execution and other Proceedings shall be had and made thereupon; any such Writ or Writs, or Allowance thereof, notwithstanding.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Six Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County, Riding or Place where the Cause of Complaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, or if the Plaintiff’ or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuit, or discontinue his or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath in other Cases to recover Costs by Law.

[Hou> Vacancies by Death, S^c. filled up, 47. 3. sess. 2. 71. § 26.

This Act extended to52 G. 3.C. 38. See § 168. of that Act. Proportion of this Corps may enlist into the, 53 G. 3.

c. 20. 54 G. 3. c. 1, Extended to the Regiment of

54 G. 3. c. 20.

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act for the Preservation of the Health and Morals of Apprentices and others, employed in Cotton and other Mills, and Cotton and other Factories.

[22d June 1802.]

WHEREAS it hath of late become a Practice in Cotton and Woollen Mills, and in Cotton and Woollen Factories, to employ a great Number of Male and Female Apprentices and other Persons in the same Building; in consequence of which certain Regulations are become necessary to preserve the Health and Morals of such Apprentices and other Persons; Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Second Day of December One thousand eight hundred and two, all such Mills and Factories within Great Britain and wherein

No Certiorari, &c.

Limitation of Actions.

Venue.

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

Mills employing Persons subjected to Regulations of this Act.

386

C. 73. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

White washing and airing Rooms.

Clothing of Apprentices.

Time of working.

Night Work.

Exceptions as to Night Work for certain Periods.

Apprentices to be instructed in Reading, Writing and Arithmetic, &c.; and the time spent therein allowed.

Three or more Apprentices, or Twenty or more other Persons, shall at any Time be employed, shall be subject to the several Rules and Regulations contained in this Act; and the Master or Mistress of every such Mill or Factory is hereby strictly enjoined and required to pay due Attention to and act in strict Conformity to the said Rules and Regulations.

II. And be it enacted, That all and every the Rooms and Apartments in or belonging to any such Mill or Factory shall, Twice at least in every Year, be well and sufficiently washed with Quick Lime and Water over every Part of the Walls and Ceiling thereof; and that due Care and Attention shall be paid by the Master or Mistress of such Mills or Factories, to provide a sufficient Number of Windows and Openings in such Rooms or Apartments, to insure a proper Supply of fresh Air in and through the same.

III. And be it further enacted, That every such Master or Mistress shall constantly supply every Apprentice, during the Term of his or her Apprenticeship, with Two whole and complete Suits of Clothing, with suitable Linen, Stockings, Hats and Shoes; One new complete Suit being delivered to such Apprentice once at least in every Year.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Apprentice that now is or hereafter shall be bound to any such Master or Mistress, shall be employed or compelled to work for more than Twelve Hours in any One Day, (reckoning from Six of the Clock in the Morning to Nine of the Clock at Night,) exclusive of the Time that may be occupied by such Apprentice in eating the necessary Meals: Provided always, that from and after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, no Apprentice shall be employed or compelled to work upon any Occasion whatever, between the Hours of Nine of the Clock at Night and Six of the Clock in the Morning.

V. And be it further enacted, That in any Mill or Factory, wherein not less than One thousand nor more than Fifteen hundred Spindles are constantly used in the carrying on of the Manufacture, it shall and may be lawful for the Owner or Owners of such Mill to employ his Apprentices in the Night until the Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and three; and in any Mill or Factory wherein more than Fifteen hundred Spindles shall be employed, it shall and may be lawful for the Owner of such Mill to employ his Appentices in the Night until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and four; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That such Apprentice shall be instructed, in some Part of every working Day, for the first Four Years at least of his or her Apprenticeship, which shall next ensue from and after the Second Day of December One thousand eight hundred and two, if he or she is an Apprentice on the said Second Day of December One thousand eight hundred and two, and for the first Four Years at least of his or her Apprenticeship, if his or her Apprenticeship commences at any Time after the said Second Day of December One thousand eight hundred and two, in the usual Hours of Work, in Reading, Writing and Arithmetick, or either of them, according to the Age and Abilities of such Apprentice, by some discreet and proper Person, to be provided

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 73. 387

and paid by the Master or Mistress of such Apprentice, in some Room or Place in such Mill or Factory to be set apart for that Purpose; and that the Time hereby directed to be allotted for such Instruction as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken on all Occasions as Part of the respective Periods limited by this Act during which any such Apprentice shall be employed or compelled to work.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Room or Apartment in which any Male Apprentice shall sleep, shall be entirely separate and distinct from the Room or Apartment in which any Female Apprentice shall sleep; and that not more than Two Apprentices shall in any case sleep in the same Bed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Apprentice, or

(in case the Apprentices shall attend in Classes) every such Class shall, for the Space of One Hour at least every be in-

structed and examined in the Principles of the Christian Religion, by some proper Person to be provided and paid by the Master or Mistress of such Apprentice; and in England and, in case

the Parents of such Apprentice shall be Members of the Church of England, then such Apprentice shall be taken, once at least in

every Year during the Term of his or her Apprenticeship, to be examined by the Rector, Vicar or Curate of the Parish in which such Mill or Factory shall be situate; and shall also after such Apprentice shall have attained the Age of Fourteen Years, and before attaining the Age of Eighteen Years, be duly instructed and prepared for Confirmation, and be brought or sent to the Bishop of the Diocese to be confirmed, in case any Confirmation shall, during such Period take Place in or for the said Parish; and in Scotland where the Parents of such Apprentice shall be Members of the established Church, such Apprentice shall be taken, once at least in every Year, during the Term of his or her Apprenticeship, to be examined by the Minister of the Parish; and shall after such Apprentice shall have attained the Age of Fourteen Years, and before attaining the Age of Eighteen Years, be carried to the Parish Church to receive the Sacrament of the Lord’s Supper, as the same is administered in Churches in Scotland; and such Master or Mistress shall send all his or her Apprentices under the Care of some proper Person, once in a Month at least, to attend during Divine Service in the Church of the Parish or Place in which the Mill or Factory shall be situated, or in some other convenient Church or Chapel where Service shall be performed according to the Rites of the Church of, or according to

the established Religion in Scotland, as the case may be, or in some licensed Place of Divine Worship; and in case the Apprentices of any such Master or Mistress cannot conveniently attend such Church or Chapel every Su, the Master or Mistress, either by themselves or some proper Person, shall cause Divine Service to be performed in some convenient Room or Place in or adjoining to the Mill or Factory, once at least every Sunday that such Apprentices shall not be able to attend Divine Service at such Church or Chapel; and such Master or Mistress is hereby strictly enjoined and required to take due Care that all his or her Apprentices regularly attend Divine Service, according to the Directions of this Act.

Regulations of Apartments and Beds.

Instruction and Conduct of Apprentices on Sundays.

388

C. 73.

12° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Midsummer Sessions yearly to appoint Two Visitors of Mills or Factories, who shall visit and report the Condition thereof to Quarter Sessions, &c.

Visitors may be appointed for Districts.

In case of infectious Disorders, Visitors may require the Master to call in medical Assistance, S. c.

Obstruction

Visitors,

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace for every County, Stewartry, Riding, Division or Place, in which any such Mill or Factory shall be situated, shall, at the

mer Sessions of the Peace to be holden immediately after the passing of this Act for such County, Stewartry, Riding, Division or Place, and afterwards yearly at* their annual Midsummer Sessions of the Peace, appoint Two Persons, not interested in or in any Way connected with any such Mills or Factories, to be Visitors of such Mills or Factories in such County, Stewartry, Riding, Division or Place; One of whom shall be a Justice of Peace for such County, Stewartry, Riding, Division or Place, and the other shall be a Clergyman of the established Church of England or Scotland, as the Case may be; and in case it shall be found inconvenient to appoint One such Justice and One such Clergyman as aforesaid, it shall be lawful to and for such Justices, and they are hereby required to appoint Two such Justices or Two such Clergymen; and the said Visitors, or either of them, shall have full Power and Authority from Time to Time throughout the Year, to enter into and inspect any such Mill or Factory, at any Time of the Day, or during the Hours of Employment, as they shall think fit; and such Visitors shall report from Time to Time in Writing, to the Quarter Sessions of the Peace, the State and Condition of such Mills and Factories, and of the Apprentices therein, and whether the same are or are not conducted and regulated according to the Directions of this Act, and the Laws of the Realm; and such Report shall be entered by the Clerk of the Peace among the Records of the Session in a Book kept for that Purpose: Provided always, that in case there shall be Six or more such Mills or Factories within any One such County, Riding, Division or Place, then it shall be lawful for such Justices to divide such County, Riding, Division or Place, into Two or more Districts or Parts, and to appoint Two such Visitors as aforesaid for each of such Districts or Parts.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Visitors or either of them shall find that any Infectious Disorder appears to prevail in any Mill or Factory as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for them or either of them to require the Master or Mistress of any such Mill or Factory to call in forthwith some Physician, or other competent medical Person for the Purpose of ascertaining the Nature and probable Effects of such Disorder, and for applying such Remedies and recommending such Regulations as the said Physician, or other competent medical Person, shall think most proper for preventing the spreading of the Infection and for restoring the Health of the Sick; and that such Physician, or other competent medical Person, shall report to such Visitors, or either of them, as often as they shall be required so to do, their Opinion in Writing of the Nature, Progress and present State of the Disorder, together with its probable Effects; and that any Expences incurred in consequence of the Provisions aforesaid for medical Assistance shall be discharged by the Master or Mistress of such Mill or Factory.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall oppose or molest any of the said Visitors in the Execution of the Powers intrusted to them by this Act, every such Person or

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 73. 389

Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Five Pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Master or Mistress of every such Mill or Factory shall cause printed or written Copies of this Act to be hung up and affixed in two or more conspicuous Places in such Mill or Factory, and shall cause the same to be constantly kept and renewed, so that they may at all Times be legible and accessible to all Persons employed therein.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every Master or Mistress

of any such Mill or Factory who shall wilfully act contrary to or offend against any of the Provisions of this Act,' shall for such Offence (except where otherwise directed) forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted as after mentioned; One Half whereof shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Half to the Overseers of the Poor in England and Ireland, and to the Minister and Elders in

of the Parish or Place where such Offence shall be committed, to be by them applied in Aid of the Poor Rate in England and Ireland > and for the Benefit of the Poor in, of such Parish

or Place: Provided always, that all Informations for Offences against this Act, shall be laid within one Calendar Month after the Offence committed, and not afterwards.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every such Master or Mistress shall, at the Epiphany Sessions in every Year, make or cause to be made an Entry in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk of the Peace of the County, Riding or Division in which any Mill or Factory shall be situate, of every such Mill or Factory occupied by him or her wherein three or more Apprentices or Twenty or more other Persons shall be employed; and the said Clerk of the Peace shall receive for every such Entry the Sum of Two Shillings and no more.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Offences for which any Penalty is imposed under this Act, shall and may be heard before any two or more Justices of the Peace, acting in or for the Place where the Offence shall be committed; and all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, and all Costs and Charges attending the Conviction of any such Offender or Offenders, shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Two or more Justices of the Peace acting for the County, Stewartry, Riding, Division or Place where such Offence shall be committed, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Party or Parties offending; and which Warrant such Justices are hereby empowered and required to grant, upon Conviction of the Offender, either by Confession or upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justices are hereby empowered to administer); and in case such Distress cannot be found, and such Penalties, Forfeitures and Costs shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful for such Justices, and they are hereby empowered and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County, Stewartry, Riding, Division or Place where the Offence shall be committed, for any Time not exceed-

42 Geo. III. D d ing'

[Penalty.]

Copies of Act to be affixed in Mills, &c.

Masters offending against this Act.

[Penalty.]

Limitation of Information.

Mills, &c. subject to Act to be entered annually with Clerk of the Peace.

Penalties and Forfeitures recoverable before Two Justices, &c.

390

C. 73, 74. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

No Certiorari.

Form of Conviction.

[Public Act.]

22 G. 3. c.

§ 20.

ing two Calendar Months, unless the said Penalty, Forfeiture and Costs, shall respectively be sooner paid and satisfied: Provided always, that no Warrant of Distress shall be issued for levying any such Penalty, Forfeiture, or Costs, until Six Days after the Offender shall have been convicted, and an Order made upon him or her for Payment thereof; and no such Conviction shall be removeable by Certiorari or Bill of Advocation into any Court whatsoever.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every such Conviction before such Justices may be made in the following Form; (to wit,)

County of 1BE it remembered. That on the

‘ to wit J Day of in the Year

was, upon the Complaint of C.D., convicted before of the Justices of the Peace for the said County of [or, for

of or in the said County of as the case

‘ shall happen to be~\, in pursuance of an Act passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third,

for [or, as the Case may be]. Given under our Hands and Seals the Day and Year above written.’

Which Conviction shall be certified to the next General Quarter Sessions, there to be filed amongst the Records of the County, Riding or Division.

XVII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices and others, without specially pleading the same.

[Further provision, 59G. 3. c. 66., is, 60 G. 3. c. 5.]

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the Twenty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, so far as relates to the Payment of the Debts incurred for building any Poor House.

[22d June 1802.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the Twenty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for ithe better Relief and Employment of the, it was, among

other Things, enacted, that in case any Money should be borrowed, under the Powers of the said Act, for the building any

Poor House or Workhouse, or purchasing any Land necessary ( to be used for that Purpose, the Assessments for the Relief of the Poor should continue at the same Rate they were when such

Poor House or Workhouse was first established, until the Debts so contracted, and the Interest thereof, should be fully discharge ed: And Whereas the said Provision has been found highly

burthensome and oppressive to such Parishes as have adopted

the Provisions of the said Act, from the Necessity there has been

on account of the late high Price of Provisions, to impose heavy

Rates for the Relief of the Poor during the last Two Years Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 74, 75.

S91

and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Guardians of the Poor of any Parish, who have erected any Poor House or Workhouse under the Powers of the said recited Act, shall and they are hereby authorized and empowered, with the Consent of the several Persons to whom the same shall be due and payable, yearly and every Year to pay off and discharge any Part of the Money borrowed under the Powers of the said recited Act, not being less than One Twentieth Part thereof, besides the Interest which may be payable on the Sum remaining undischarged; and in case such Sum so to be paid off shall not in any one Year be sufficient to discharge any one of the Notes for Fifty Pounds, issued pursuant to the Directions of the said Act for securing the Money borrowed under the Authority thereof, the same shall from Time to Time remain in the Hands of the Overseers of the Poor of such Parish, until it amounts to a sufficient Sum to pay off and discharge any of the said Notes; any Thing contained in the said recited Act to the contrary hereof in anywise notwithstanding.

[See 43 G.3. 110.]

CAP. LXXV.

An Act to amend the Laws for the better Regulation of the

Linen Manufacture in Ireland.

[22d June 1802.]

WHEREAS the several Provisions heretofore made for W preventing the Importation and Sale of Flax Seed and Hemp Seed unfit for sowing, and for securing the Growers of

Flax Seed and Hemp Seed from being imposed on by bad,

mixed or damnified Flax Seed or Hemp Seed in, have

cproved insufficientMa}^ it therefore please Your Majesty that

it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Clause, Provision and Direction, contained in an Act made in Ireland in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of the Linen or Hempen and every Clause, Provision and Direction contained in One other Act, made in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 1 An Act for the better Regulation of the Linen and

Hempen Manufacture ;and every Clause, Provision and Direc-

tion contained in One other Act, made in the Twenty third and Twenty fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for further promoting the Linen and Hempen Manufactures, relating to or in any Manner concerning or affecting the

Importation, Sale or Branding of Flax Seed or Hemp Seed, be and the same is and are hereby repealed, and declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That all bad, mixed or damnified Flax Seed or Hemp Seed which shall be imported into Ireland shall be forfeited, together with the Packages in which

How Guardians of Poor having erected Work-houses under recited Act, may pay off Money borowed.

Money to remain in Overseers’ Hands till it amounts to 501.

Such Parts of 3G.S. c. 34. 17 & 18 G. c. 21. and

23 & 24 G. 3. c. 53. (I.) as relate to Importation, &c. of Flax or Hemp Seed repealed.

Damaged Flax or Hemp Seed imported into

392 C. 75. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Ireland, forfeited.

Regulations to be observed in ascertaining the Quality and Condition of Flax and Hemp Seed imported.

Persons aggrieved by the Seizure of such Seed may apply to a Magistrate.

Flax or Hemp Seed may be delivered up, after Seizure, for Imports -lion, or for the same shall be contained, to the Trustees of the Linen and Hempen Manufacture of Ireland, to be by them burned or sold for the Purpose of being exported or crushed into Oil, as they shall think proper.

III. And in order to ascertain the Quality and Condition of all Flax Seed and Hemp Seed which shall be imported there, be it further enacted, That all Flax Seed and Hemp Seed, which shall be imported into Ireland shall be detained in His Majesty's Stores at the Place of Import, or in such Stores as shall be provided for that Purpose at the Expence of the Importer, of which Stores the Collector shall keep the Key; for which Storage or detaining no Fee whatsoever shall be demanded or payable, there to remain until it shall be examined and inspected by an Officer appointed by the said Trustees in manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, such Officer shall, immediately on receiving Notice in Writing from the Importer thereof or his Agent that such Seed is landed, repair forthwith to the Custom House, and shall there open, in the Presence of the Collector or some Officer of the Port to be by him appointed for the Purpose, every Cask or Package thereof, and examine the same; and shall brand or mark every Cask or Package which shall appear to him to contain sound unmixed Seed fit for sowing, with the Word Sound;and shall also mark thereon the Month and Year of such his Examination, together with his Name or the Initials thereof, and the Name of the Port; and he shall forthwith seize, for the Use of the said Trustees, all such Seeds as shall appear to him to be bad, mixed, damnified or unfit for sowing, together with the Casks and Packages containing the same: Provided always, that if the Importer of any Seed, which shall be so seized, shall think himself aggrieved by such Seizure, it shall and may be lawful for him to apply to any Magistrate within whose Jurisdiction the Place of Import shall be situated, and every such Magistrate is hereby authorized and required to summon such Officer to appear before him, and also to summon any Merchants, Farmers or other Persons within his Jurisdiction, whom he shall conceive to be skilled in the Nature of such Seed, and he shall swear not more than Five nor less than Three of such Merchants, Farmers or other Persons, which Oath he is hereby empowered to administer, well and truly to examine the Quality and Condition of the Seed contained in each Cask or Package so seized, and true Verdict to give, whether the same is bad, mixed or damnified, or whether it is sound, unmixed or fit for sowing; and if the Opinion or Verdict of such Persons, or the Majority of them given in Writing and signed by them, shall be, that the Seed contained in any Cask or Package is sound, unmixed and fit for sowing, such Officer shall forthwith brand or mark the said Cask or Package in Manner aforesaid, and shall also mark over or before the Word Sound the Word Sworn; and such Cask or Package so marked shall be forthwith discharged from Seizure: Provided also, that if the Importer or Owner of any Flax Seed or Hemp Seed seized or detained in Manner aforesaid, for being bad, mixed or damnified, or unfit for sowing, shall give Notice in Writing to the Customer or Collector of the Port, and to the Officer who shall have seized the same, that he means to export

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 75. 393

such Seed detained in His Majesty's Stores, it shall and may be lawful for him to export the same at any Time within Three Months after the Importation, notwithstanding the Seizure thereof; or if the Importer or Owner thereof shall give Notice in Writing to such Officer that he intends to crush the same into Oil, or to sell the same for being crushed into Oil, and shall by himself or together with such Manufacturer of Linseed Oil, as lie shall sell or agree to sell the same for that Purpose; or in in case he shall not be himself a Manufacturer of Linseed Oil, within One Month after such Seizure, enter into Security before any Inspector General of the said Trustees, or other Officer of the said Trustees or before any Two of the said Trustees, by Bond to their Secretary in a Sum after the Rate of Ten Pounds for each Hogshead or other Package thereof, that the Seed contained therein shall be crushed into Oil before the First Day of December following, every such Cask or Package, and the Seed contained therein, shall remain in His Majesty's Stores until the first Day of July following, and it shall then be delivered notwithstanding such Seizure to such Merchant or Manufacturer of Linseed Oil as shall have given such Security, on his producing to the proper Officer of the Revenue a Certificate from the Person or Persons who shall have taken such Security, that the same has been duly given as required by Law; and no such Security shall be vacated until due Proof be given, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, that such Seed has been crushed into Oil.

IV. And be it further enacted, That before any Hogshead, Cask or Package containing Flax Seed or Hemp Seed, which shall be so branded or smashed by such Officer appointed by the said Trustees, shall be delivered out of the aforesaid Stores at the Port into which the same shall be imported, the Collector at such Port shall likewise brand or mark thereon the Name of the Port and the Year and that every Collector shall and may demand and receive, and he is hereby required to demand and receive from the Importer and Owner of all Flax Seed or Hemp Seed, imported and examined as aforesaid, the Sum of Sixpence for each and every Hogshead, Cask or Package containing the same, to be disposed of in manner following; that is to say, every Collector shall and may, out of the Sums arising therefrom, retain and take to his own Use a Sum, after the Rate of Three Pence for each Hogshead, Cask or Package, which he shall brand or mark, pursuant to the Provisions aforesaid, and he shall pay over the Remainder on Demand, without any Defalcation or Abatement to such Officer appointed by the said Trustees; and he shall and may detain, and he is hereby required to detain every such Hogshead, Cask or Package, until the said Sum of Sixpence be paid on account thereof.

[See 48 G.3. c. 56. § 11. by 'which this Section seems to be repealed.']

V. And be it further enacted, That no Flax Seed or Hemp Seed imported into Ireland shall be sent Coastwise to any Port in that Country without a Permit from the Collector or other proper Officer of His Majesty's Revenue, at the Port from whence the same shall be shipped, specifying the Number and Nature of Packages containing the same, and the Marks or Brands thereon, and the Port for which the same is to be shipped, together with

crushing into Oil, &c.

Before any Hogshead of Flax or Hemp Seed delivered out of Store, Collector to brand thereon the Name of Port of Importation, and Year.

Collector to receive 6d. per Hogshead, &c.

Flax or Hemp Seed sent Coastwise without a Permit, forfeited.

394;

C. 75. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Forfeited Flax or Hemp Seed burned or sold within a Month, unless on Security for its being crushed into Oil, &c.

No Flax or Hemp Seed sold for sowing, except in Cask in which imported, and branded with the Word " Sound."

Regulations to be observed in selling such Seed.

the Name of the Port from yrhence it came, and the Ship in which it was imported; for every which Permit the Sum of Three Pence, and no more, shall be paid; and every such Permit shall be entered by the proper Officer of the Port, immediately on the Arrival of the Seed, in a Book to be open at all Times within Custom House Hours, for the Inspection of any Officer of the said Trustees, without Fee or Reward; and such Permit shall be then delivered to the Person to whom the said Seed shall be consigned; and if any Flax Seed or Hemp Seed shall be sent Coastwise without such Permit, it shall be forfeited to the Use of the Person prosecuting for the same, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of His Majesty's Revenue, or by any Officer appointed by the said Trustees.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Flax Seed or Hemp Seed, which shall be forfeited as aforesaid to the Use of the said Trustees, shall be delivered out of His Majesty's Stores to the said Trustees, or any Officer by them appointed to be burned or sold for the Purpose and in Manner before mentioned, at the Expiration of One Month from the Day of its Seizure, unless such Security be entered into as aforesaid for its being crushed into Oil, or unless such Notice as before mentioned shall be given of the Intention to Export the same; in which latter Case it shall be delivered to be burned or sold for the Purposes before mentioned at the End of Three Months from the Day of its Seizure, if the Person or Persons, giving such Notice of Intention to export, shall have omitted or neglected to ship the same for Export.

VII. And be it enacted, That no Flax Seed or Hemp Seed shall be sold or exposed to Sale for sowing, except in the Cask or Package in which the same shall have been imported and duly branded with the Word Sound, and marked in Manner as before mentioned; and that every Person who shall import any Flax Seed or Hemp Seed, and sell or deliver to any one Person, at any One Time, One or more Cask or Casks, Package or Packages of such Seed for sowing, or in order to be sown, shall, together with every such Parcel, deliver a Certificate in Writing, if demanded, subscribed by such Person, expressing truly the Quantities and Price of Seed so imported and sold, and the Port from whence the same was imported, and the Year of its Growth; and that every Person not being the Importer, who shall sell or deliver to any One Buyer at any One Time, One Peck or any larger Quantity of Flax Seed or Hemp Seed for sowing, or in order to be sown, shall, together with every such Parcel, deliver to the Buyer a Certificate signed by such Person (if demanded) expressing truly the Quantity and Price of the Seed so sold, that the same was so sold by him for sowing, with the Name and Abode of the Person from whom he or she bought it, and the Time when, together with the Name of the Port from whence the same was imported, if it be foreign Seed, and the Year of its Growth, as specified in the Certificate given to him or her therewith; and that it is sold to such Person out of the original Cask or Package wherein he or she received it, without any Mixture of other Seed, unless it be Seed of Irish Growth, in which Case he or she need not certify that it is sold out of the original Cask or Package, but that it is Seed of Irish Growth,

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 75. 395

unmixed with any other Seed; and if any Person shall sell or expose to Sale in any Cask or Package so branded or marked, any other Seed than what was actually imported in the same, or shall sell at any Time or in any Manner any bad, mixed or damnified Flax Seed or Hemp Seed for sowing, or any Flax Seed or Hemp Seed unfit for sowing, or any Seed not being of the Growth of the Country, or the Year he or she hath stated it so to be; or if any Person selling or exposing any Flax Seed or Hemp Seed to Sale shall have in his Custody any mixed, bad or damnified Flax Seed or Hemp Seed, or any foreign Flax Seed or Flemp Seed, except in the Cask or Package wherein it was originally imported, branded with the Word Sound, and marked as herein provided, or shall neglect or refuse to deliver such Certificate as is herein before required if demanded, or if any Thing contained in any such Certificate shall not be Truth, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit all such Flax Seed or Hemp Seed, together with the Casks or Packages containing the same, or the Price thereof if sold, and also the Sum of Ten Pounds Ten Shillings for every Hogshead, Cask or other Package thereof, and so in Proportion for any less Quantity than a Hogshead to any Person who shall sue for the same; and if any Officer or Officers appointed by the said Trustees shall neglect or refuse to inspect and examine any Cask or Package containing Flax Seed or Hemp Seed imported, or shall on such Examination omit to seize any Cask or Package containg bad, mixed or damnified Seed, or shall brand or mark any Cask or Package contrary to the Provisions of this Act; or if any Officer of His Majesty's Customs shall permit any Flax Seed or Hemp Seed to be taken from His Majesty's Custom House or Stores contrary to the Provisions hereof, every Officer or Officers so offending shall, for each and every Cask or other Package in respect to which such Offence shall be committed, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same; and if any Person or Persons shall counterfeit or fraudulently alter any Brand or Mark which shall be put on any Cask or Package, pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, and shall be duly convicted thereof by Indictment or Information, every such Person shall be adjudged guilty of Felony and suffer Punishment accordingly, and may be transported as a Felon. {This Section amended, 49 3. c. 9.

VIII. And Whereas it hath been found that Flax Seed and Flemp Seed, branded as sound, and not sown in the same Year in which it shall have been branded, may become unsound and unfit for sowing in the next Year Be it therefore enacted, That such Brands or Marks as shall be put on any Cask or Package pursuant to this Act, shall only be of force until the First of July in each Year wherein the same shall have been made, so as to allow the Seed therein contained to be sold or exposed to Sale; and that every Importer of Flax Seed or Flemp Seed who shall have any such Seed remaining unsold on the First Day of July in each Year, shall, within One Month after the said First Day of July in each Year and every Person selling or dealing in Flax Seed or Hemp Seed, or who shall mean to sell or deal therein, and who shall have in his or her Possession on the said First Day of July, or who shall, before the First Day of February following,

Not complying with such Regulations.

[Penalty.]

Officers neglecting Duty,

Penalty 101. Counterfeiting Marks, Felony with Transportation

Marks on Casks only in force till July 1. in each Year.

396

C. 75. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Notice to be given to Inspector of Seed in Possession after 1st July, &c. who shall again examine and brand Casks as Sound,

or Unfit; in the latter Case Cask and Seed forfeited, unless on Security for being exported or crushed into Oil.

Fee to Officer on such Second Examination.

Application of Forfeitures and Fees.

Officers not answerable for Damages or Expences by Seizure.

Officers taking any other Fees.

buy or receive any Flax Seed or Hemp Seed, shall, within One Month after such First Day of July, or after such Person shall receive such Seed, give Notice in Writing to the nearest Inspector or other Officer of the said Trustees, stating the Quantity and Number of Packages of the Seed in his or her Possession, the Substance of the Certificate given to him or her therewith, if he be not the Importer, and if he be the Importer a Certificate of the like Import as every Importer is hereby required to give to any Person to whom he sells Seed; and every such Officer shall, at some Time in the Months of January or February next following such Notice, inspect and examine the same; and on every Cask or Package containing sound Seed fit for sowing he shall brand or mark the Month and the Year, as near as conveniently may be to the original Brand or Mark, and impose a second Brand or Mark of the Word and if it

shall appear to him to contain Seed bad or damnified, so as not to be fit for sowing, he shall mark thereon the Word, together with the Month and Year of such his Examination, and he shall seize the same, together with the Seed contained therein: Provided always, that if the Owner thereof, or the Person giving him such Notice, shall, within One Week after such Second Examination, give Security by Bond payable to the Secretary of the said Trustees, in a Sum after the Rate of Ten Pounds for each Hogshead or Package containing the same, that such Seed shall be exported or crushed into Oil, such Officer who shall have seized the same shall keep it in his Custody at the Expence of the Owner thereof until the First Day of July following, when he shall deliver it to the Owner thereof; and on Failure of such Security being then given, all such Seed shall be forfeited to the said Trustees, to be disposed of by them in like Manner as any Seed forfeited pursuant to the Provisions of this Act; Provided always, that the Person or Persons in whose Possession any such Seed shall be so seized, may, if he, she or they think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved, have like Remedy, by Application to a Magistrate, as is herein-before provided in case of an Importer.

IX. And be it further enacted, That for every such Second Examination, the Officer appointed by the said Trustees shall be entitled to receive the Sum of Sixpence for each Cask or Package which he shall examine, and no more.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Produce arising from all Seed forfeited to the said Trustees and sold for their Use, and from all Fees payable by virtue of this Act, except where it is otherwise directed, shall be applied by them in rewarding Officers or other Persons for their Zeal and Attention in carrying this Act into Execution, or in otherwise encouraging and promoting the Growth of Flax and Hemp in Ireland,

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Collector, Revenue Officer or Officer of the said Trustees, shall be answerable for any Damage which any Seed seized may sustain while it shall be under Seizure; and that all Expences attending every Seizure, and the detaining of Seed in Custody, shall be paid by the Person or Persons whose Property it shall have been when seized, before such Seed shall be returned to him, pursuant to the Provisions of this Act; and that if any Officer of His Majesty's Revenue, or any Officer

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 75. 397

or other Person appointed by the Trustees of the Linen Manufacture, shall ask* take or receive, directly or indirectly, any Fee, Gratuity or Reward, other than the Fee or Fees hereby enacted, for any Thing done or to be done by virtue of this Act, he shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to any Person who shall sue for the same.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall and may be sued for and recovered in Manner as any other Penalties respecting the Linen and Hempen Manufacture may be sued for and recovered.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall buy Flax Seed or Hemp Seed, with an Intent to sow the same, and it shall prove to be unsound, mixed, bad, damnified or unfit for sowing, the Penalties hereby inflicted on the Person who shall have sold the same, shall not be deemed a Bar to his or her bringing his or her Action for Damages, or suing for the same by civil Bill or otherwise, but that it shall and may be lawful for every Person to sue for and recover the Damages which he or she shall sustain by such Seed having been mixed, bad, damnified or unfit for sowing or different from the Seed which the Certificate given, or which ought to have been given at the Time of Sale, if demanded, imports or would have imported.

XIV. And Whereas by an Act passed in Ireland in the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting the Sum of Four thousand Pounds to the Trustees of the Linen Manufacture for the Purposes therein, it was enacted, that the said Trustees should not make any Grant of any Kind whatsoever, for the Encouragement of the Linen or Hempen Manufacture, or for any Purpose whatsoever, save only for the Buildings at the Linen Hall in Dublin, and the necessary Repairs thereof, or the Expence of instituting or defending any Suit at Law, or adjudge or determine any Premium or Bounties whatsoever, except in the Three months ending the Twenty fifth Day of March, or agree to offer or propose any Premium or Bounty except in the said Three Months, or in the Month ending the Twenty fifth Day of April: Provided always, that no Premium or Bounties shall be offered or proposed in the Month ending the Twenty fifth Day of April following, to a greater Amount than the Savings on the Determination or Adjudication of Premiums or 1 Bounties on the Twenty fifth Day of March preceding: And Whereas the said Months are now become inconvenient for the Purposes aforesaid;’ Be it enacted, That the said recited Clause shall be and is hereby repealed; and that the said Trustees shall not make any Grant of any Kind whatsoever for the Encouragement of the Linen and Plempen Manufactures, or for any Purpose whatsoever, save only for the Buildings at the Linen Flail in Dublin, and the necessary Repairs thereof, or the Expence of instituting or defending any Suit at Law, except in the Five Months ending the First Day of January.

XV. And Whereas the said Trustees of the Linen and Plempen Manufactures are seised of a Piece of Ground near Balls in the County of the City of Dublin, by virtue of a Lease "for Lives, with a Covenant of perpetual Renewal made by John Forde Esquire, to Brockhil I Newburgh Esquire, deceased, then Clerk to

Penalty 1001.

Recovery of Penalties.

Buyers may bring Actions against Persons selling damaged Seed, notwithstanding Penalties.

Instead of Periods prescribed by 26 G. 5. c. 29. § 3, 4. (I.) Trustees of Linen Manufacture to make Grants for Encouragement of Manufactures in the Five Months ending Jan. 1. only, in each Year.

398

C. 75. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

On the Expiration or Surrender of the Demise of Premises near Balls Bridge made to Mary Diinkin, the Trustees may let the same, on Condition that the Eessee carry on some Branch of the Linen or Cotton Manufacture there. The Secretary of the Trustees shall execute the Demise of such Premises by their Order.

[Public Act.]

the said Trustees, and in Trust for the said Trustees and their Successors; and the said Brockhill Newburgh, by Order and Direction of the said Trustees and for their Use, did many Years ago demise the same to Mary DunJcin deceased, for a Term of Years, 4 of which about Seven Years are yet unexpired, at a Rent considerably less then the Rent payable by the said Trustees for the same; which said Premises were so demised to the said Mary Dunkin for the Purpose of carrying on the Business of printing and stamping of Linens and Cottons therein: And Whereas some Doubts may be entertained whether the said Trustees are empowered, as the Law now stands, to demise the same Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, upon the Expiration or Surrender of the said Demise made to Mary Dunkin, to demise, grant and let the said Premises, or any Part thereof, for such Term of Years, or for such Number of Lives, and with such Covenant for Renewals, as they shall think proper, at such Rent and Fines for Renewal, not being less than the Rent and Fines for Renewal which the said Trustees are subject to: Provided always, that in every such Grant or Demise there be contained a sufficient Covenant on the Part of the Lessee or Lessees, his or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Assign, to carry on, in and upon the same, some Branch of the Linen or Cotton Manufacture at all Times during the Continuance of such Demise.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Secretary or Clerk of the said Trustees, and his Successor for the Time being, by their Order and Direction given at One of their Meetings to be holden on the First Tuesday in any Month, signed by Twelve of the said Trustees at the least, present at such Meeting, to seal and execute any Demise of the said Premises which they shall so direct to be made pursuant to this Act; and that in any and every such Demise to be so made of the said Premises, they the said Trustees and their Successors shall have all such Remedies for Recovery of the reserved Rent and Fines or Renewal and for enforcing the Performance of all Covenants, Conditions and Agreements to be therein contained, by proceeding either at Law or in Equity, in the Name of their Secretary or Clerk for the Time being, as any other Lessor may or can have; and that no Suit at Law or in Equity touching or concerning the same shall abate by the Death, Resignation or other Removal of such Secretary or Clerk, but the same shall be carried on in the Name of the Successor of every such Secretary or Clerk.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and other Persons, without specially pleading the same.

[This Act amended, 44 G. 3. c. 42.]

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 76, 77, 78. 399

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act for repealing Two Acts made in the Thirty second and Thirty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace, in such Parts of the Counties of Middlesex and Svarrey as lie in and near the Metropolis, and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies; and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof; and for increasing the Salaries of the Justices at the Thames Police Office, until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

[22d June 1802.]

[ This Act continued, 47 G.3. sess. 2. c. 42., 51G. 3.

c. 119. 1.; vohich rlct is r, 54 G. 3. c. 37. § 1. See

54 G.3. c. 187. §7.36., uohich is continued as therein mentioned, 1 G.4. c. 66., and the Acts amended and

14*2 0.4. c. 1180

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act to permit British built Ships to carry on the Fisheries in the Pacific Ocean, without Licence from the East India Company, or the South Sea Company.

[22d June 1802.]

WHEREAS it may tend to increase the Navigation and Fisheries of His Majesty's Subjects, if the Restrictions now subsisting with regard to Ships and Vessels navigating in the Pacific Ocean, between Cape Horn and One hundred and eighty Degrees of West Longitude from, should be removed Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for an}' British built Ship or Vessel, owned and navigated according to Law, to pass through the Streights of Magellan or round Cape

Horn, and to carry on the Fisheries in the Pacific, from

Cape Horn to One hundred and eighty Degrees of West Longitude from London, and to trade within the said Limits, without having obtained any previous Licence, Permission or Authority for that Purpose, from the Court of Directors of the East India Company, or from the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South any Thing in any Law,

Charter, Usage or Custom to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

[See 43 G.3. c. 90. 55 G. 3. 57.]

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act to authorize the licensing an additional Number of Hackney Coaches.

[22d June 1802.]

WHEREAS it is found expedient that a greater Number of Hackney Coaches than are allowed by Two several Acts made

32 G. 3. c. 53. 36 G. 3. c. 75.

British built ships may pass through the Streights of Magellan, or round Cape Horn, and carry on the Fisheries in the Pacific Ocean, &c. without Licence from E. I. C. or S. S. C.

400

C. 78-

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

[9 Ann. c. §2. 11 G.

c. 24. § 1.]

Commissioners may licence an additional Number of Hackney Coaches, not exceeding 100, for each of which a Weekly Sum of 5s. to be paid.

Such Hackney Coaches, &c. entitled to same Rates and Benefits, and subject to same Rules as those heretofore licensed.

Licence Money applied as before.

‘ made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, and in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty respectively, should be licensed to be employed within the Cities of London and Westminste, and the Suburbs thereof, and within all and every the Parishes and Places comprised ( within the Weekly Bills of Mortality May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Commissioners for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches for the Time being or the major Part of them, shall have Power and Authority, and are hereby authorized, empowered and required under their Hands and Seals, or under the Hands and Seals of the major Part of them, over and above the Number of One thousand Ilackney Coaches authorized to be licensed by the said Acts, to license in like Manner at any Time or Times from and after the passing of this Act, any additional Number of Hackney Coaches not exceeding One hundred, to be employed for Hire within the Cities and Limits aforesaid, so that the Number of all the said Hackney Coaches, licensed or to be licensed by virtue of the said former Acts and this present Act shall not at any One Time exceed One thousand and one hundred (a); and that upon every One of the said Licences to be granted in pursuance of this Act, there shall be reserved and made payable unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the like respective Weekly Sums of Five Shillings of lawful Money of Great Britain, as is now payable upon any Licence granted before the passing of this Act, to be paid from the Commencement of every such Licence during the Continuance thereof respectively, in like Manner and under the like Penalties, Covenants, Conditions and Provisoes therein to be inserted, as in other Licences granted in pursuance of the several Acts now in force relating to Hackney Coaches; and that the same Hackney Coaches, and the Persons to be licensed to drive or keep the same, shall, in respect thereof, have the same Rates and Benefits and be subject and liable to all the same Orders, Rules, Regulations, Bye Laws, Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things, as are or were lawfully prescribed in relation to any Persons licensed to keep or drive Hackney Coaches, and the Renters of such Licences and Drivers of such Coaches, before the passing of this present Act; and that all Persons who shall presume to drive or let to Hire, by the Hour or Day or otherwise, any Hackney Coach or Coach Horses, or to carry any Person or Persons for Hire in any Hackney Coach within the Cities of London and, or the Suburbs of the same, or within any of the Parishes or Places comprized within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, without such Leave or Licence as aforesaid, shall be liable to all such Forfeitures and Penalties as he, she or they would have incurred for so doing, if this Act had not been made. (a) [ to Hackney

see 54' G.3. c. 147. § 15. 55 G. 3. c. 159. § 2.]

II. And it is hereby declared and enacted, That all the Monies to arise by Rents of the said additional Number of Hackney-

Coaches

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 78, 79.

401

Coaches to be licensed in pursuance of this Act, shall be subject and applicable to the like Uses and Purposes, and under the like Penalties as the Rents upon Hackney Coaches are applicable and appropriated by Parliament.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That out of the Monies to arise by Rents of Hackney Coaches, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, to reward the said Commissioners for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, and the Clerks, Officers and others that shall and may be employed by and under them, for their Labour and Pains, and to discharge such incident Expences as shall necessarily attend the Execution of this Act, in such Manner as any three or more of the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, shall from Time to Time think fit and reasonable in that Behalf; any Thing in this Act, or any other Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, a Verdict shall be recorded for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Double Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law for Recovery of his or their Costs.

CAP LXXIX.

An Act to revive and continue until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and four, and to amend several Acts, passed in the Twenty seventh, Thirty fifth and Thirty ninth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries; and to continue until the Fourteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, so much of an Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty as relates to the prohibiting the Importation of Foreign wrought Silks and Velvets.

[22d 1802.]

Treasury may reward Commissioners, &c. for carrying Act into Execution.

In Action for executing Act.

General Issue.

Double Costs.

EXP.

402

C. §0,81. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

35 G. 3. c. 15.

and c. 80.

56 G. 3. c. 76. 59 & 40 G. 3.

c. 65.

7 G. 3. c. 50.

51-

CAP. LXXX.

An Act for repealing several Acts made in the Thirty fifth, Thirty sixth and Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty relating to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose, and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof, to continue until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four.

[22d 1802.]

[This Act continued until Eight Months after Ratification of Peace, 44 G. 3. c. 30.]

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act for amending so much of an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the secreting, embezzling or destroying any Letter or Packet sent by the Post; and for the better Protection of such Letters and Packets; and for more effectually preventing Letters and Packets being sent otherwise than by the Post.

[22d June 1802.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending certain Laws relating to the Revenue of the Post Office, and for granting Rates of Postage for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets between Great Britain and the Isle of Man, and within that Island, it was, among other Things enacted, that if any Deputy, Clerk, Agent, Letter Carrier, Post-boy or Rider, or any other Officer or Person whatsoever, employed, or to be thereafter employed, in receiving, stamping, sorting, charging, carrying, conveying, or delivering Letters or Packets, or in any other Business relating to the Post Office, should, from and after the first Day of November One thousand seven hundred and sixty-seven, secrete, embezzle, or destroy any Letter or Letters, Packet or Packets, Bag or Mail of Letters, which he, she, or they should and might be respectively intrusted with, or which should have come to his, her, or their Hand or Possession, containing any Bank Note, Bank Post Bill, Bill of Exchange, Exchequer Bill, South Sea or East India Bond, Dividend Warrant of the Bank, South Sea, East India, or any other Company, Society, or Corporation, Navy or Victualling, or Transport Bill, Ordnance Debenture, Seaman's Ticket, State Lottery Ticket or Certificate, Bank Receipt for Payment on any Loan, Note of Assignment of Stock in the Funds, Letter of Attorney for receiving Annuities or Dividends, or for selling Stock in the Funds, or belonging to any Company, Society, or Corporation, American Provincial Bill of Credit, Goldsmith's or Banker's Letter of Credit, or Note for or relating to the Payment of Money, or other Bond or Warrant, Draught, Bill, or Promissory Note whatsoever for the Payment of Money, or should steal and take out of any Letter or Packet that should come to his, her, or their Hands or Possession any such Bank Note, Bank Post Bill,

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 81. 403

Bill of Exchange, Exchequer Bill, South Sea or East India Bond, Dividend Warrant of the Bank, South Sea, East India, or any other Company, Society, or Corporation, Navy or Victualling, or Transport Bill, Ordnance Debenture, Seaman's Ticket, State Lottery Ticket or Certificate, Bank Receipt for Payment on any Loan, Note of Assignment of Stock in the Funds, Letter of Attorney for receiving Annuities or Dividends, or for selling Stock in the Funds, or belonging to any Company, Society, or Corporation, American Provincial Bill of Credit, Goldsmith's or Banker's Letter of Credit, or Note for or relating to the Payment of Money, or other Bond or Warrant, Draught, Bill, or Promissory Note whatsoever, for the Payment of Money, every such Offender or Offenders being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, should be deemed guilty of Felony, and should suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy: And whereas it is expedient to extend the Provisions of the said in Part recited Act, so as to protect the Conveyance by the Post of all and every Part or Parts of any such Securities or Instruments as aforesaid:' May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Deputy, Clerk, Agent, Letter Carrier, Post-boy or Rider, or any other Officer or Person whatsoever, employed, or to be hereafter employed, in receiving, stamping, sorting, charging, carrying, conveying, or delivering Letters or Packets, or in any other Business relating to the Post Office, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, secrete, embezzle, or destroy any Letter or Letters, Packet or Packets, Bag or Mail of Letters, which he, she, or they shall and may be respectively intrusted with, or which shall have come to his, her, or their Hands or Possession, containing any Part or Parts of any such Security or Instrument as in the said recited Act are described or mentioned, or shall steal or take out of any Letter or Packet that shall come to his, her, or their Hands or Possession, any Part or Parts of any such Security or Instrument, every such Offender or Offenders, being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

[See 52 G. 3. c. 143. § 4.]

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person whatsoever, whether employed in any Business relating to the Post Office or not, shall counsel, command, hire, persuade, procure, aid or abet, any such Deputy, Clerk, Agent, Letter Carrier, Post Boy or Rider, or any other Officer or Person whatsoever, employed or to be hereafter employed, in receiving, stamping, sorting, charging, carrying, conveying or delivering Letters or Packets, or in any other Business relating to the Post Office, to commit any Felony or Offence in the said in Part recited Act, or in this Act before mentioned, or shall with a fraudulent Intention buy or receive the Whole or any Part or Parts of any such Security or Instrument as aforesaid, which at the Time of buying or receiving thereof he shall know to have been contained in any such Letter or Letters, Packet or Packets, so by any Deputy, Clerk, Agent, Letter Carrier, Post

Boy

Persons employed in Business relating to Post Office, secreting, &c. Letters, &c. containing any Parts of any Security or Instrument mentioned in recited Act.

Death.

Persons procuring, &c. Officers of Post Office to commit any such Offence, or fraudulently receiving such Securities or Instruments, or any Parts of them.

404?

C. 81. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Death.

Offenders may be tried before or after principal Felon.

7 G. 5. c. 50. §2.

Offence of robbing the Mail may be laid and prosecuted, if committed in England, either in the Country where committed, or where Offender is apprehended, and if committed in

Boy or Rider, or any other Officer or Person whatsoever, employed or to be hereafter employed in receiving, stamping, sorting, charging, carrying, conveying or delivering Letters or Packets, or in any other Business relating to the Post Office, secreted or embezzled, or stolen or taken out of any Letter or Letters, Packet or Packets, that shall come to his, her or their Hands or Possession, or which he, she or they, at the Time of buying or receiving thereof, shall know to have been contained in, and stolen or unlawfully taken out of any Letter or Letters, Packet or Packets, stolen and taken by any Person or Persons whatsoever from or out of any Mail or Mails, Bag or Bags of Letters, sent and conveyed by the Post, or from or out of any Post Office, or House or Place for the Receipt or Delivery of Letters or Packets sent or to be sent by the Post, each and every Person so offending in any of the Ways last before mentioned, being thereof convicted, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy, and shall and may be tried, convicted and attainted of such Felony, as well before as after the Trial or Conviction of the principal Felon, and whether the said principal Felon shall have been apprehended, or shall be amenable to Justice or not.

III. And Whereas by the said in Part recited Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty it was, 6 among other Things, enacted, that from and after the said First Day of November One thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, if any Person or Persons whatsoever should rob any Mail or Mails in which Letters are sent or conveyed by the Post, of any Letter or Letters, Packet or Packets, Bag or Mail of Letters, or should steal and take from or out of any such Mail or Mails, or from or out of any Bag or Bags of Letters sent or conveyed by the Post, any Letter or Letters, Packet or Packets, although such Robbery, stealing or taking should not appear or be proved to be a taking from the Person, or upon the King’s Highway, or to be a Robbery committed in any Dwelling House, or any Coach House, Stable, Barn or any Out House belonging to a 4 Dwelling House, and although it should not appear that any Person or Persons were put in Fear by such Robbery, stealing or taking, yet such Offender or Offenders, being thereof convicted as aforesaid, should nevertheless respectively be deemed guilty of Felony, and should suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy: And Whereas, by reason of the Difficulty and frequent Impossibility of discovering and proving the particular County, Stewartry or Place within which the said last mentioned Offences have been committed, divers Persons have escaped the Pains and Punishments by the said in Part recited Act intended to be inflicted on such Offenders, and it is reasonable to make further Provisions for the Trial and due Punishment of such Offenders Be it therefore further enacted, That all and every the said last mentioned Felonies and Offences, which shall be committed from and after the passing of this Act, shall and may be alleged and laid, prosecuted, inquired of, tried and determined, if committed in that Part of Great Britain called England, either in the County wherein such Felony or Offence shall be committed, or wherein such Offender or Offenders shall be apprehended; and if committed in that Part of Great Britain called

A.D. 1802.

C. 81.

405

42° GEO. III.

Scotland, either in the Justiciary Court of Edinburgh, or in the Court of the Circuit of that Part of the United Kingdom within which Circuit such Felony or Offence shall be committed, or such Offender or Offenders shall be apprehended.

IV. 'And whereas it frequently happens that Bags or Mails of Letters sent and conveyed by the Post, which may hare been stolen or accidentally lost and afterwards found or picked up, are wilfully detained by the Persons finding the same in the Expectation of Gain or Reward, to the great Inconvenience of divers of his Majesty's Subjects, and the Prejudice of Commerce;' to remedy therefore the said Evil, be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person or Persons shall wilfully secrete, keep, or detain, or being required to deliver up by any Deputy, Clerk, Agent, Letter Carrier, Post-boy, Rider, Driver, or Guard of any Mail Coach, or any other Officer or Person whatsoever employed or to be employed in any Business relating to the Post-Office, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to deliver up any Mail or Bag of Letters sent or conveyed, or made up in order to be sent or conveyed by the Post, or any Letter or Letters, Packet or Packets sent or conveyed by the Post, or put for that Purpose into any Post-Office, or House or Place for the Receipt or Delivery of Letters or Packets sent or to be sent by the Post, and which Letter or Letters, Packet or Packets, Bag or Mail of Letters, shall have been found or picked up by the same or any other Person or Persons, or shall by or through Accident or Mistake have been left with or at the House of the same or any other Person or Persons, each and every Person and Persons so offending shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a Misdemeanor to be punished by Fine and Imprisonment.

V. And Whereas, notwithstanding the Provisions made in an 1Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for establishing a General Post

Office for all Her Majesty's Dominions, and for settling a weekly

Sum out of the Revenues thereof for the Service of the War, and other Her Majesty's Occasions, the Practice of sending and conveying by Stage Coaches, Carts, Waggons, Ships, Vessels,

Boats, Barges and other Conveyances, Letters and Packets which, by virtue of the Laws relating to the Post Office, ought

to be sent by the Post, prevails to a considerable Extent, to the £ great Prejudice and Diminution of His Majesty's Revenue Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Person or Persons whatsoever shall send or cause to be sent or conveyed, or tender or deliver in order to be sent or conveyed, otherwise than by the Post, or by and with the Authority and Consent of the Postmaster General, for the Time being, or his Deputy or Deputies, or to the nearest or most convenient Post Town, to be from thence forwarded by the Post, any Letter or Letters, Packet or Packets of Letters, on Pain of forfeiting for every such Offence against the Tenor of this present Act, the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit by any Person who shall and will inform and sue for the same by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law shall be admitted, One Moiety thereof to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other

Scotland, either in the Justiciary-Court of Edinburgh, or in Circuit Court, &c.

Secreting or refusing to deliver up Bags or Mails of Letters, &c. found or picked, up.

Misdemeanor.

9 Anne, c. 10.

Sending Letters or Packets otherwise than by Post.

Penalty Si.

406

C. 81, 82. 42° GEO. III.

But not to extend to Letters, &c. herein described.

24 G. 3. Sess. 2. c. 47.

A.D. 1802.

Moiety to the Use of the Person who shall so inform and sue for the same.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall not extend to subject any Person to any such Penalty or Forfeiture as aforesaid, for sending or for causing to be sent or conveyed, or for tendering or delivering in order to be sent or conveyed, any Letter or Letters which shall respectively concern Goods sent by any common known Carrier of Goods, and shall be sent with and for the Purpose of being delivered with the Goods that such Letter or Letters do concern, without Hire or Reward, Profit or Advantage for the receiving or delivering the same, nor any Letter or Letters of Merchants, Owners of any Ships, Barks or Vessels of Merchandize, or any the Cargo or Lading therein sent on board such Ships, Barks or Vessels of Merchandize, whereof such Merchants or Masters are Owners as aforesaid, to be delivered by the Masters of such Ships, Barks or Vessels of Merchandize, or by any other Person employed by them for the Carriage of such Letters according to their respective Directions, without paying or receiving any Hire or Reward, Advantage or Profit for the same in anywise, nor any Commission or Return thereof, Affidavits, Writs, Process or Proceedings, or Return thereof, issuing out of any Court, nor any Letter or Letters to be sent by any private Friend or Friends in their Way of Journey or Travel, or by any Messenger sent on Purpose for or concerning the private Affair of any Person or Persons.

[ This Act amended, 46 G,3. c. 92. As to the onus probandi in

Action for secreting Letters, fyc. see 3. c. 153. § 52.]

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act to alter, amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in Great Britain.

[22d June 1802.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twentyfourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling Kingdom, and by several other Acts made since the passing of the said recited Act, certain Ships, Vessels and Boats in the said Act respectively particular!}' described, are, if found at Anchor or hovering within the Limits of any of the Ports of Great, or

within four Leagues of the Coast thereof, or discovered to have been within the said Limits or Distances under certain Circumstances, subject and liable to Forfeiture, together with all the Goods laden on board any such Ship, Vessel or Boat, and the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel thereof: And Whereas it is expedient for the more effectual Prevention of the Practice of Smuggling and the Protection of the public Revenue and the fair Trader, that the Provisions of the Laws now in force relating to such Ships, Vessels and Boats, and to the Prevention of the clandestine Importation and Running of prohibited Goods and Goods liable to Duties, should be extended Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal., and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by thd

Authority

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 82.

407

Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, every Ship, Vessel and Boat described in the said recited Act, or any other Act or Acts passed for the extending the Provisions thereof or for the better Prevention of Smuggling, and which would, under and by virtue of any of the Provisions of the said recited Act, or any other such Act or Acts as aforesaid in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, be subject and liable to Forfeiture for hovering or being found or discovered to have been within Four Leagues of the Coast of Great shall, together with all

Goods laden on board, and the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel, be subject and liable to Forfeiture if hovering or found or discovered to have been within Eight Leagues of the Coast of Great Britain, under any of the Circumstances in the said recited Act or any other such Act or Acts as aforesaid specified, described or mentioned; and the said recited Act, and all other Acts in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, and all Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Forfeitures, Penalties, Restrictions, Exemptions, Exceptions, Matters and Things therein contained relating to Ships, Vessels or Boats hovering or found or discovered to have been within Four Leagues of the Coast of Great Britain, and also relating to any Goods laden or being on board any such Ships, Vessels or Boats, and the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel thereof, shall be, and the same is and are hereby extended and hereby directed and declared severally and respectively to extend, and shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be deemed and construed to extend, and shall apply and be in full Force, and applied and put in Execution as to all Ships, Vessels and Boats described in any such Act or Acts as aforesaid, which shall, under an}' of the Circumstances specified, described or mentioned in any such Act or Acts as aforesaid, be hovering or found or discovered to have been within Eight Leagues of the Coast of Great

and also to all Goods laden on board any such Ships, Vessels or Boats, and the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle or Apparel thereof, in as full and ample a Manner to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Act and Acts and all the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Forfeitures, Penalties, Restrictions, Exemptions, Exceptions, Matters and Things relating thereto, were particularly and expressly repeated and reenacted in the Body of this present Act, as to such Distance of Eight Leagues as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act all Pains as well Pains of Death as other Pains, and all Forfeitures, Fines and Penalties, and all Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Exemptions and Exceptions contained in the said recited Act or any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, and every Clause, Matter and Thing therein contained relating to anjr Ships, Vessels or Boats described in the said recited Act or any other Act or Acts now in force for the Prevention of Smuggling, hovering or found or discovered to have been within Four Leagues of the Coast of Great, or to any Goods

laden on board any such Ship, Vessel or Boat, or any Guns, Furni-niture, Ammunition, Tackle or Apparel thereof, or to any Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command or any

Vessels described in the recited Act, or any other Act for the Prevention of Smuggling, found hovering within Eight Leagues of the Coast of Great Britain, forfeited with the Cargo, &c.

Pains and Penalties and all Clauses contained in the recited Act, &c. relating to Vessels described therein, found hovering within Four Leagues of the Coast, extended to such Vessels hovering within Eight Leagues, and to their Cargoes, &c.

42° GE0. III.

A.D. 1802.

408

C. 82.

How far Act to affect such Distance as to the Coast between the North Foreland and Beachy Head, &c.

Though on Trial it shall appear doubtful whether Vessel was within such Limits.

Jury to find for the Crown if they are satisfied the Vessel

other Person on board of any such Ship, Vessel or Boat, shall extend and be deemed, construed and taken to extend, and shall apply and be in full Force and put in Execution in all Cases and for all Purposes as to all such Ships, Vessels or Boats as aforesaid hovering or found or discovered to have been within Eight Leagues of the Coast of Great Britain; and as to all Goods laden on board any such Ship, Vessel or Boat, and as to every Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command or other Person on board of any such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid in as full and ample a Manner to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Act and Acts, and all Pains as well Pains of Death as other Pains, and all Forfeitures, Fines and Penalties, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Exemptions, Exceptions, Clauses, Matters and Things relating thereto and contained and enacted therein were particularly and expressly repeated and reenacted in the Body of this present Act as to such Distance of Eight Leagues as aforesaid; any Thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend to alter such Distance of Four Leagues as aforesaid as to that Part of the Coast of Great Britain which is between the North Foreland on the Coast of Kent and Head on the

Coast of Sussex: Provided nevertheless that such Distance of Eight Leagues in this Act mentioned, may and shall be measured in any Direction between the Southward and Eastward of Beachy Head; and that this Act and all the Provisions thereof shall extend and be deemed and construed to extend to such Limits and Distance of Eight Leagues in every Direction from Beachy

Head, although any Part of such Limits so extended may exceed the Distance of Four Leagues before mentioned, from any Part of file Coast of Great Britain to the Eastward of Beachy Head aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if on any Trial relating to the Seizure or Forfeiture of any such Ship, Vessel or Boat, or Tackle, Apparel, Guns, Furniture or Ammunition thereof, or any Goods laden on board the same respectively, hovering or being found or discovered to have been within any Limits or Distances mentioned in the said recited Act or this Act, or any other Act or Acts made for the Prevention of Smuggling, or seized as or proceeded against in due Course of Law for hovering, or so found or discovered as aforesaid, it shall appear to the Jury impannelled on such Proceeding as aforesaid, that from the Evidence given on such Trial it is doubtful whether such Ship, Vessel or Boat was within such Limits or Distances as aforesaid, but it shall nevertheless at the same Time be made appear to the Satisfaction of such Jury, and such Jury shall be fully satisfied that such Ship, Vessel or Boat had on board prohibited Goods or Goods liable to the Payment of Duties, and was then bound for or hovering on the Coast of Great Britain for the Purpose of the clandestine Importation or illegal Running of the same, it shall be lawful for such Jury to find a Verdict for the Crown as to any such Ship, Vessel or Boat, and any Goods laden on board, and the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel thereof, in like manner as if it

A.D. 1802.

C. 82.

409

42° GEO. III.

had been fully proved that such Ship, Vessel or Boat was hovering or found or had been discovered to have been within any such Limits or Distances as aforesaid.

V. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to alter any such Limits or Distances, or to any Cases in which there shall not be Doubt as to whether such Ship, Vessel or Boat, in respect whereof any such Question shall arise, was hovering or found or discovered to be within such Limits or Distances respectively as aforesaid.

VI. And Whereas the illicit Importation and fraudulent Landing of Goods are greatly facilitated, and great Hazard and Danger occasioned to the Lives and Properties of Persons navigating Vessels on the Coasts of Great Britain by the temporary and occasioned Lights, Fires and Blazes made by Persons on or from the Coast and Shores of Great Britain as private Signals to Smuggling Vessels Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act if any Person shall, after Sunset and before Sunrise between the Twenty first Day of September and the First Day of April, or after the Hour of Eight in the Evening and before

the Hour of Six in the Morning, between the last Day of March and the Twenty second Day of Sep, make or aid or assist in the making or be present for the Purpose of aiding and assisting in making any Light, Fire or Blaze, or any Signal by Smoke or by Rockets, Fire Works, Flags, firing of Guns or other Fire Arms, or any other Contrivance or Device on or from any Part of the Coast or Shores of Great Britain, for the Purpose of making or giving any Signal to any Person or Persons on board any Smuggling Ship, Vessel or Boat, or any Ship, Vessel or Boat hovering or found or discovered to have been wTithin any Limits or Distances mentioned in this Act or any former Act, or Acts passed for the Prevention of Smuggling, such Person shall for each and every Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every such Penalty of One hundred Pounds by this Act imposed may be sued for and prosecuted at any Time within Twelve Months after the Offence shall have been committed, and may be recovered either by Information or otherwise in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster, and levied as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered or levied under any Act or Acts made for the securing the Revenue of Customs, or by Information or Indictment before the Justices at the Quarter Sessions of the Peace nearest to the Place where such Offence or Offences as aforesaid shall or may be committed; and Three Fourth Parts of every such Penalty shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the remaining Fourth Part to the Person who shall inform, discover or sue for the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Customs and Excise respectively, and they are hereby empowered to order the Charges of any Prosecution before any Justices at Quarter Sessions for any such Offence as aforesaid, to be paid out of any Money in the Hands of the Receiver General of the Customs and Excise respectively arising by any Branch of the Revenue under their respective Management; and in every Case where the said Court of Exchequer or any such Justices as

had prohibited Goods on board, &c.

Act not to alter Distances, &c.

Making Lights or Fires or Signals on Coast of G. B. in the Night Time for the Purpose of giving Signals to Smuggling Vessels.

Penalty 1001.

Recovery and Application of such Penalty.

Charges of Prosecution before Quarter Sessions paid out of Revenue; if Offender committed to House of Correction, 25l. paid to Informer.

410

C. 82. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Penalties may be levied by Distress, &c.

Officer of Customs or Excise may extinguish Eights, &c. made for Signals, and convey Offenders before a Justice, who shall proceed against them as Vagabonds, &c. or take Bail for their Appearance.

Obstruction

Officers.

[Penalty.]

aforesaid shall in lieu of levying or causing to be levied any such Penalty, commit any such 6ffender to a House of Correction, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners respectively to order and direct any Sum not exceeding Twenty five Pounds to be paid out of any like Monies as aforesaid to any Person or Persons who shall have informed against, discovered or prosecuted any such Offender as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for such Justices, by their Order or Warrant, to levy every Penalty and Forfeiture incurred by any Offender or Offenders against this Act, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale; and in case such Offender or Offenders have not nor hath Goods or Chattels sufficient to answer the Penalty or Penalties against him, her or them recovered, then without any Warrant for the Purpose; or if such Penalty or Penalties cannot be wholly levied by virtue of the Warrant or Warrants which shall be for that Purpose issued, such Justices shall and lawfully may commit every such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the County or Place in or for which such Justices shall then act, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Twelve Calendar Months, unless the Whole of such Penalty or Penalties shall be sooner paid.

X. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, and for all other Persons acting in their Aid and Assistance, to put out, extinguish and destroy any such Light, Fire or Blaze, or any Smoke, Signal, Rocket, Firework or other Contrivance or Device so made as aforesaid, for any such Purpose as aforesaid, and for that Purpose to go on any Lands without being deemed to be or being liable to any Action or Prosecution for any Trespass; and also to arrest, stop and detain all and every Person and Persons who shall be found making or aiding or assisting in making any such Light, Fire, Blaze, Smoke, Signal, Rocket, Firework or other Contrivance or Device; and such Officer or Officers, and all Persons acting in their Aid and Assistance, shall forthwith carry and convey any Person or Persons so arrested as aforesaid, before One or more of His Majesty's Justice or Justices of the Peace residing near to the Place where such Offence shall be committed, and such Justice or Justices shall proceed against such Person as a Rogue and Vagabond, in Manner herein after mentioned; or if he or they see Cause, require any such Person to give Bail in the Sum of Two hundred Pounds for his Appearance to answer any Prosecution for such Offence, or in Default of giving such Bail, commit such Person or Persons to the next County Gaol, there to remain until the succeeding Term, or next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the same County or Place as the Case may be; and every Person who shall assault, resist, oppose, molest, obstruct or hinder any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise in any such Duty as aforesaid, shall be liable to such and the like Prosecution for the same, as any Person is by any Law or Laws of Customs or Excise now liable to, for assaulting,

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 82. 411

resisting, opposing, molesting, obstructing or hindering any Officer of Customs or Excise in the due Execution of their Duty.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall be

found making or aiding or assisting in the making any such Light, Fire, or Blaze or Signal as aforesaid, for any such Purposes as aforesaid, shall be deemed a Rogue and Vagabond within the true Intent and Meaning of an Act of the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled Act to amend and make more effectual the Lams relating to, Vagabonds and

other idle and disorderly Persons, and to Houses of

and shall be punishable as such Rogue and Vagabond accordingly; and all Persons who shall be found offending against this Act in the Manner above mentioned shall and may be apprehended and conveyed before such Justice or Justices of the Peace, as in and by the said recited Act in relation to the Rogues and Vagabonds therein described, is directed; and the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be brought, such Offender not having been sued or prosecuted for the same Offence, without Covin or Collusion aforesaid, shall and may, upon full and sufficient Proof of the Offence in the Manner in and by the said recited Act directed, order such Offender to be sent to the House of Correction, there to remain until the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, for the County, Riding, Division or Place where the said Offence was committed; and the Justices at such Sessions shall enter upon the Examination of the Case, and proceed therein according to the Directions of the said recited Act of the Seventeenth Year of His said late Majesty; and all Justices of the Peace, Mayors, Bailiffs, Constables, Headboroughs and other His Majesty's Civil Officers within their respective Jurisdictions, are hereby empowered and strictly required to use their utmost Endeavours to prevent the committing of any of the Offences aforesaid by all lawful Ways and Means, and shall be and are hereby indemnified for any Thing done in Execution of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all other the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Punishments and Provisions prescribed and inflicted in and by the said recited Act of the Seventeenth Year of His said late Majesty, for the apprehending, securing and punishing Persons as Rogues and Vagabonds within the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, not hereby altered, shall be applied and carried into Execution, in relation to the Persons hereby declared to be Rogues and Vagabonds, as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if the same Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Punishments and Provisions, and every of them, had severally and respectively been reenacted in this Act.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be liable to be prosecuted for any Offence against this Act, by both the Waj^s by this Act prescribed; nor shall any Person against whom any Action, Suit or Information for the Recovery of a pecuniary Penalty hath been commenced and carried on with Effect, be liable to Imprisonment as a Rogue and Vagabond under this Act, for the same Offence; and that where any Person shall be convicted and sentenced to Imprisonment as a Rogue and Vagabond under this Act, such

Persons so found making Lights,

deemed Rogues and Vagabonds, within 17 G. 2. c. 5.

17 G. 2. c. 5. extended to this Act for the Purpose of punishing such Offenders.

Persons prosecuted only once for the same Offence.

412

42° GEO. III.

Limitation of Actions.

Venue. General Issue.

Treble Costs.

40 G. 3. c 4. (I.) (last continued by c. 31. of this Session) recited.

C. 82, 83.

A.D. 1802.

Person shall not be liable afterwards to be prosecuted for any pecuniary Penalty for the same Offence.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within three Calendar Months next after the Fact committed and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County or Place where the Cause of Complaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited or discontinue his, her or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same, as any Defendant hath in any other Cases to recover Costs by Law.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act to continue until the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and three, an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the Import, Export and Sale of Coffee, and securing the Duties payable thereon; and also for securing the Duties payable on Licences to Persons in I, not being Maltsters or Makers of Malt, selling Malt by Commission or otherwise.

[22d 1802.]

" Irish Act 37 G. 3. c. 52. (continued by various annual Acts, the " last 40 G. 3. (I.) c. 86.) further continued till. 29. 1803, " and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. § 1.

II. And Whereas by an Act made in Ireland in the Fortieth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for granting for 1 One Year the several Duties therein, lieu of all other

1 Duties payable upon the Articles therein specified during the said i Term; and for regulating the Trade between this Kingdom and His Majesty's Colonies; and for other Purposes therein men-i tioned, a Duty of Twenty Pounds is granted to His Majesty for

and upon every Licence to any Person, not being a Maltster or

Maker of Malt, selling Malt by Commission or otherwise, which

Duty was to continue from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred until the Twenty fifth Day of March 1 One thousand eight hundred and one; and which, by an Act made in the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain i and Ireland in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was continued until and upon the Twenty fifth Day of

March One thousand eight hundred and two; and by an Act made in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for continuing until the Twenty Jyih Dtiy of March One thousand

9 ‘

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. 413

eight hundred and three, several Acts of the last Session Parliament for continuing and granting Duties to His Majesty in Ireland, was further continued until and upon the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three: And Whereas it is necessary to make Provision for issuing the said Licences, and for securing the Duty payable thereon Therefore be it further enacted, That the several Collectors of His Majesty's Revenue in Ireland shall, upon Receipt of the Duty payable on such Licences as aforesaid, grant such Licence under their respective Hands, for each of which Licences there shall be taken by the Collector granting the same, for his own Use, over and above the Duty payable thereon, a Fee of Two Shillings and eight Pence Halfpenny; and the Store or Stores for keeping Malt used or intended to be used by the Person or Persons taking out such Licence, shall be inserted therein, and every such Licence shall continue in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March next after the granting thereof.

III. And be it enacted, That every Person, not being a Maltster or Maker of Malt, selling Malt by Commission or otherwise, shall take out such Licence as aforesaid before he, she or they shall sell or keep for Sale any Malt; and if any such Person as aforesaid shall sell or keep for Sale any Malt without having such Licence as aforesaid in force, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds.

[ to Malt Sellers

mixing Malt, see 43 G. 3. c. 98. § 5.]

IV. And be it enacted, That Persons in Partnership, and carrying on the Business of selling Malt as aforesaid, shall not be obliged to take out more than One Licence, provided that the Name of every Person in the Partnership be inserted in the Licence; and no One Licence shall authorize the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be granted, to keep Malt in any other Store or Stores than the Store or Stores described in the Licence to him, her or them.

V. And be it enacted, That the respective Collectors of Excise in Ireland and the several Officers of Excise may, at any Time, with the Assistance of a Constable, in the Day Time, levy the Duty which ought to be paid by the several Persons required to take out such Licences as aforesaid, by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Parties respectively in Default, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means as the Revenue arising from Fire Hearths is appointed to be levied in and by an Act made in Ireland in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An additional Act for the better ordering and collecting the Revenue arising by Hearth Money.

VI. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall forge or counterfeit, or alter any Licence for the Purpose aforesaid, or in order to.defraud His Majesty of the Duty aforesaid shall produce as a true Licence any such forged, counterfeited or altered Licence, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited or altered, every such Person shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, One Moiety thereof to His Majesty, and the other to him who shall prosecute or suef for the same, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record

in

Such Licences to be granted by Collectors of Revenue in Ire- ' land, and in force till March 25. in each Year.

Persons (not Maltsters) selling Malt without Licence.

Penalty 401.

Partnerships may act under One Licence, &c.

Duty may be levied by Distress, as that on Fire Hearths, under

17 & 18 C. 2. c. 18. (I.)

Forging, &c. Licences.

Penalty 50l.

414

C. 83, 84. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

and be subject also to Penalties for Forgery under Irish Acts.

Penalties and Forfeitures how to be recovered and applied.

Act may be altered or repealed this Session.

10 G. 5. c. 16.

11 G. 5. c. 42.

14 G. 3. c. 15.

25 G. 3. c. 84.

in Dublin, in which no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law or

more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and that every such Person shall moreover be subject to such other Pains and Penalties as may be inflicted on Persons for Forgery by the several Statutes of the Parliament of Ireland now in force for the Punishment of the same.

VII. And be it enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by

this Act inflicted, other than such as are hereby otherwise provided for, shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered and applied or disposed of by such Ways, Means and Methods, and with such Powers and Authorities, and according to such Rules and Directions as are prescribed and appointed in and by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the settling of the Excise or new Impost upon His Majesty, according to the Book of Rates therein, or

by any other Act or Acts relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, concerning the Penalties thereby inflicted, with like Remedy of Appeal as in and by the said Act is provided.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament; and for expediting the Proceedings relating thereto.

[22d June 1802.]

WHEREAS ky an Act of Parliament passed in the Tenth 4 V\ Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament,pertain Regulations were established, for a Time therein limited, for the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament: And Whereas by an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the last Session of, intitided An Act to

regulate the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, further Regulations were made therein: And Whereas the Provisions of the said Acts were, by an Act passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, continued and made perpetual: And Whereas by an Act passed in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act t the Duration of Polls and Scrutinies, and for making other Regulations touching the Election

of Members to serve in Parliament for Places within England and Wales, and for Berwick upon Tweed; and also for removing Difficulties which may arise for Want of Returns being made of Members to serve in Parliament, the Provisions of the said Acts were extended, in the Manner therein mentioned, to Petitions complaining that no Return had been made to a Writ issued for the Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament,

within the Times limited in the said Act, or that such Return

was

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 84.

415

was not a Return of a Member or Members, according to the Requisition of the Writ j And Whereas by an Act passed in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Intituled An Act for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in

1 certain other Regulations were made for the Execution of the

above recited Acts, and for discouraging Persons from presenting frivolous or vexatious Petitions or setting up frivolous or vexatious Defences, in any of the Cases to which the said Acts relate, and for the final Decision of Questions respecting the Rights of voting at such Elections or of nominating or appointing the Returning Officer or Returning Officers who are to preside thereat: And Whereas it is expedient that further Regulations should be made for giving Dispatch to the Execution of certain Parts of the said several Acts Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after this present Session of Parliament, where Two or more Petitions under and by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any of them, are to be taken into Consideration by the House of Commons, on the same Day, it shall and may be lawful, after summoning the Members, and counting the House in the Manner directed by the said recited Acts, to order all the Petitioners and other Parties, by themselves, their Counsel or Agents, to attend within the House at the same Time, before the Door shall be locked, and after the List of Forty nine Names of the Members present hath been drawn by Lot, and completed in order to form the First Committee, according to the Directions of the said recited Acts, it shall and may be lawful to proceed forthwith, and before the Door of the House shall be opened, except for the Purposes herein after mentioned, to draw by Lot, and complete in like Manner, out of the same Boxes or Glasses, another List of Forty nine Names of the remaining Members present, in order to form the Second Committee, according to the said Directions; and in the same Manner to draw by Lot, and complete successive Lists of Forty nine Names of the remaining Members present in order to form the Third and Fourth or such other Number of Committees as may be requisite for the Trial of such Petitions; and the select Committees for the Trial and Determination of such Petitions, and the Nominees thereto, shall then severally be appointed according to the Rules, Directions and Regulations of the said recited Acts in like Manner as if only One List of Forty nine Names had then been formed.

II. Provided always, That it shall not nor may be lawful to proceed, in Manner aforesaid, to form successive Lists, in order to form more than One of such Committees, unless One hundred and twenty Members shall be present in the House at the Time of counting the same; nor to form successive Lists in order to form more than Two such Committees, unless Two hundred Members shall then be present in the House; nor to form successive Lists, in order to form more than Three such Committees, unless Two hundred and seventy Members shall then be present in the House; nor to form successive Lists, in order to form more than Four

28 G. 3. c. 52.

Where Two or more Petitions are to be taken into Consideration on the same Day all the Parties may be ordered to attend.

Proceedings thereon as to forming Committees, &c.

What Number of Members to be present on forming such successive Committees.

416

C. 84. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

In what case Names of Members may be redrawn.

Names of Members intended for and consenting to be Nominees to be set aside.

Lists may be formed of one or of successive Committees, as far as the House is enabled by the Numbers present.

Parties may withdraw and reduce Lists between Two Ballots; and any Committee being sworn may leave the House.

In what case Committees not to choose Nominees under 11 G. 5. c. 42. till all the other Committees ballot ted for arc sworn.

such Committees, unless Three hundred and sixty Members shall then be present in the House; nor to form successive Lists, in order to form more than Five such Committees, unless Four hundred and sixty Members shall then be present in the House.

III. Provided always, That in case the House shall proceed, in Manner aforesaid, to form successive Lists, in order to form Two or more such Committees, and any Member whose Name is drawn shall be excused for some Reason which applies specially to any One Petition, the Name of such Member shall be returned into the Box or Glass from whence it has been taken, so that it may be again drawn by Lot upon any of the following Petitions.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if upon drawing out the Name of any Member by Lot upon One of such Petitions, the Petitioners or Sitting Members, or the Agents who shall have been ordered, under or by virtue of this Act, to attend within the House upon any other Petition, shall declare, that such Member is intended to be One of the Two Nominees nominated by them respectively; and if such Member shall consent to such Nomination, the Name of such Member so drawn shall be set aside, and another Member shall be drawn to supply his Place, to complete the Number of Forty nine to be drawn by Lot.

V. Provided also, That if Two or more such Petitions are to be taken into Consideration on the same Day, and it shall happen, by Reason that a sufficient Number of Members liable to serve are not present in the House, that successive Lists cannot be formed, in Manner aforesaid, upon all such Petitions; yet the House may nevertheless proceed to form the List or Lists, and appoint the select Committee or Committees upon One or more of such Petitions, as far as they are enabled so to do by the Number of Members present, and may, after such Appointment, proceed to any other Business; and the Order or Orders for taking the remaining Petition or Petitions into Consideration shall be adjourned, as directed by the said recited Acts in Cases where Petitions cannot be taken into Consideration on the Day appointed for Want of a sufficient Attendance.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Petitioners and other Parties, and their Counsel or Agents, to withdraw from the House as soon as the List of Forty nine Names shall have been drawn, in order to form the Committee for the Trial of such Petition respectively; and for the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee, to return the reduced List in the Time intervening between any Two Ballots; and the Members remaining upon any of the said reduced Lists, together with the Two Members who shall be appointed as Nominees, shall be sworn at the Table, and shall be at Liberty forthwith to depart from the House.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when on a Complaint, by a Petition, of an undue Election or Return, there shall be more than Two Parties before the House on distinct Interests, or complaining or complained of upon different Grounds, the Thirteen Members returned to the House by virtue of the aforesaid Act passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, shall not choose their Nominees until all the other select Committees to be ballotted for on that Day shall have been sworn:

Provided

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 84,85.

417

Provided also, that if Two or more Committees shall be appointed on the same Day, to decide on any Petition whereon there shall be more than Two Parties as aforesaid before the House, the Committee which shall have been first ballotted for shall have the Preference in the Choice of Members to serve as Nominees.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Committee appointed for the Trial and Determination of any Petition under and by virtue of the said recited Acts, and of this Act, shall or may be attended by a Person well skilled in the Art of writing Short Hand, who shall be specially appointed by the Clerk of the House of Commons for the Time being, and sworn by the Chairman faithfully and truly to take down, in Short Hand, the Evidence adduced before the said Committee, and from Day to Day, as Occasion may acquire, to transcribe or cause the same to be transcribed in Words at Length, for the Use of the said Committee.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force Two Years, and from thence till the End of the Session of Parliament next after the Expiration of the said Two Years, and no longer.

[Revived, made perpetual and amended, 47 G. 3.sm.l. c.l.]

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act for the trying and punishing in Great Britain Persons holding publick Employments, for Offences committed abroad; and for extending the Provisions of an Act passed in the Twenty first Year of the Reign of King

made for the Ease of Justices and others in pleading in Suits brought against them, to all Persons, either in or out of this Kingdom, authorized to commit to safe Custody.

[2 2d 1802.]

WHEREAS Persons holding and exercising publick Employments out of Great Britain often escape Punishment for Offences committed by them, for Want of Courts having a sufficient Jurisdiction, in or by reason of their departing from the Country or Place where such Offences have been committed,

and that such Persons cannot be tried in Great Britain for such

Offences as the Law now stands, in as much as such Offences cannot be laid to have been committed within the Body of any County: And Whereas it is therefore expedient that such and the like Provisions as are contained in an Act passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Third, intituled An Act to punish Governors 1 of Plantations of this Kingdom for Crimes bp them committed in c the Plantations, and in an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in Europe,

‘ and in an Act passed in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of 1 His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Regulation and

Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, and of the British Possessions in India, and for establishing a Court of c Judicature for the more speedy and effectual Trial of Persons

accused

Committees to be attended by a Short Hand Writer.

Continuance of Act,

21 Jac. ]. c. 12.

11 & 12W. 5. c. 12.

15 G. 5. c. 65.

24 G. 5. c. 25.

418

C. 85. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Offences committed by Persons employed in any public Service abroad may be prosecuted in the Court of King’s Bench in England; and may be laid in Middlesex, and the Offenders punished as if the Offences had been committed in England, and also incapacitated.

The Court of King’s Bench, on Motion, may award Mandamus to any Court of Judicature, or Governor, &c. of Country where Offence was committed, to obtain Proofs of the Matters charged; which shall be done by viva voce Evidence; the Examinations to be transmitted to the Court of King’s Bench, and

accused of Offences committed in the East Indies, should be extended and applied to the Punishment of such Offenders

May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person who now is, or heretofore has been, or shall hereafter be employed by or in the Service of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in any Civil or Military Station, Office or Capacity out of Great Britain, or shall heretofore have had, held or exercised, or now has, holds or exercises, or shall hereafter have, hold or exercise any publick Station, Office, Capacity or Employment, out of Great Britain, shall have committed or shall commit, or shall have heretofore been, or is or shall hereafter be guilty of any Crime, Misdemeanor or Offence, in the Execution, or under Colour, or in the Exercise of any such Station, Office, Capacity or Employment as aforesaid, every such Crime, Offence or Misdemeanor may be prosecuted or inquired of, and heard and determined in his Majesty's Court of King’s Bench here in

either upon an Information exhibited by His Majesty's Attorney General, or upon an Indictment found; in which Information or Indictment such Crime, Offence or Misdemeanor may be laid and charged to have been committed in the County of Middlesex; and all such Persons so offending, and also all Persons tried under any of the Provisions of the said recited Act passed in the Reign of King William aforesaid, or this Act, or either of them, for any Offence, Crime or Misdemeanor, and not having been before tried for the same out of Great Britain, shall, on Conviction, be liable to such Punishment as may, by any Law or Laws now in force, or any Act or Acts that may hereafter be passed, be inflicted for any such Crime, Misdemeanor or Offence committed in

and shall also be liable, at the Discretion of His Majesty's Court of King’s Bench, to be adjudged to be incapable of serving His Majesty in any Station, Office or Capacity, Civil or Military, or of holding or exercising any publick Employment whatever.

II. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases of Indictments found or Informations exhibited under and by virtue of this Act, it shall be lawful for His Majesty's said Court of King’s Bench, upon Motion to be made, and such Notice thereof as to the said Court of King’s Bench may appear to be sufficient, by or on Behalf of His Majesty's Attorney General or other Prosecutor, or of the Defendant or Defendants, to award at the Discretion of the said Court, a Writ or Writs of Mandamus to any Chief Justice and Judges, or any Chief Justice or other Judge singly for the Time being, of any Court or Courts of Judicature in the Country or Island, or near to the Place where the Crime, Offence or Misdemeanor shall be charged in such Indictment or Information to have been committed, or to any Governor or Lieutenant Governor or other Person having any Chief Authority in such Country, Island or Place, or to any other Person or Persons residing the re, as the Case may require, and as to the said Court of King’s Bench may, under all the Circumstances of the Case, seem most expedient for the Purpose of obtaining and receiving Proofs concerning the

Matters

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 85.

419

Matters charged in any such Indictment or Information; and the admitted on the

Person or Persons to whom such Writ or Writs shall be directed Tna >&c*

and sent, are hereby respectively authorized and required to hold

a Court, Session or Meeting, with all convenient Speed, for the

Examination of Witnesses and receiving other Proofs concerning

the Matters charged in such Indictment or Information respectively,

and in the mean Time to cause publick Notice to be given of the holding the said Court, Session or Meeting, and to issue such

Summons or other Process as may be requisite for the Attendance

of Witnesses, and to adjourn from Time to Time as Occasion may

require; and such Examination or Examinations shall be then and

there openly and publickly taken viva voce in the said Court,

Session or Meeting, upon Questions put by any such Prosecutor

or Prosecutors, Defendant or Defendants, or any Agent or Agents,

Person or Persons on Behalf of the said Attorney General or other Prosecutor or Prosecutors, and Defendant or Defendants respectively, if any such shall attend for that Purpose, and by the Court, Person or Persons to whom such Writ shall be directed and sent as aforesaid, upon the respective Oaths of Witnesses, and the Oaths of skilful Interpreters if necessary, administered according to the Forms of their several Religions, and shall, by some Officer or Person sworn for that Purpose, be reduced into Writing on Parchment or Paper; and in case any Duplicate or Duplicates shall be required by or on Behalf of the Prosecutor, or the Defendant or Defendants respectively, into Two or more Writings on Parchment or Paper, as the Case may require; and such Examination or Examinations shall be sent to His Majesty in His Court of King’s Bench closed up, and under the Seal or Seals of the Person or Persons before whom such Examination or Examinations as aforesaid shall have been taken; and the Person or Persons taking such Examination or Examinations as aforesaid shall deliver the same to any Person or Persons appointed by the said Court of King’s Bench to receive the same, or shall transmit the same in such Manner as the said Court of King’s Bench shall direct; and all such Examinations shall, with all convenient Speed, be delivered to One of the Clerks in Court of His Majesty's Court of King’s Bench, in the Crown Office of the said Court, for the safe Custody thereof; and every Clerk in the said Court of King’s Bench, to whom any Examination or Examinations shall be delivered, is hereby authorized to administer an Oath to the Person delivering the same to him, in such Form as the said Court of King’s Bench shall direct; and such Examination or Examinations shall be allowed and read upon the Trial of any such Indictment or Information, or any other subsequent Proceeding thereon or relating thereto, and shall be deemed as good and competent Evidence as if the Witness or Witnesses, whose Examination or Examinations shall be so read, had been present and sworn, and examined vocey at such Trial, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding, saving all just Exceptions to be taken to any such Examination or Examinations or any Part thereof when the same shall be offered to be read as aforesaid; and all Persons concerned shall be entitled to take Copies of such Examinations in the Custody of such Clerk in Court at their own Costs and Charges.

420

C. 85.

4-2° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Court of King’s Bench may order an Examination on Interrogatories de bene esse, where viva voco Evidence cannot be had.

Persons to whom such Writs of Mandamus shall be directed, empowered to do all Things necessary for the due Execution thereof by compelling the Appearance and Testimony of Witnesses, &c.

False Evidence (either under 24 G. 3. sess. 2.

c. 25. or this Act),

Perjury.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall also be lawful for the said Court of King’s Bench upon Motion to be made, and such Notice thereof as aforesaid, by or on behalf of His Majesty's Attorney General or other Prosecutor, or Defendant or Defendants in any such Indictment or Information, to order an Examination de bene esse of Witnesses upon Interrogatories, in any Case where the viva voce Testimony of such Witnesses cannot conveniently be had, to be taken before an Examiner to be appointed by the said Court; and the Depositions taken upon such Interrogatories shall be afterwards admitted to be read in Evidence upon the Trial of such Indictment or Information, or in any other subsequent Proceeding thereon or relating thereto, and shall be deemed good and sufficient Evidence in the Law, saving all just Exceptions to be taken to such Depositions when the same shall be offered to be read as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons to whom any such Writ or Writs of Mandamus shall be directed, or Order sent as aforesaid; and in case the same shall be directed or sent to more than One Person for so many of them as shall for that Purpose be appointed by the said Writ, or required by the said Order, and who shall act in the Execution thereof, and such Person and Persons is and are hereby respectively authorized and required to administer all Oaths required to be taken under any of the Provisions of this Act, or necessary for the due Execution of any such Writ or Order, or any Act, Matter or Thing relating thereto, and to examine upon Oath all Persons whom he or they find Occasion to summon, and all other Persons whom he or they shall think fit to examine, touching all Matters and Things necessary for the due Execution of any such Writ or Order as aforesaid; and such Person or Persons respectively, to whom such Writ shall be directed, or Order sent as aforesaid, or so many of them as shall in that Behalf be appointed, and shall act in th£ Execution thereof as aforesaid, shall have full Power and Authority to compel the Appearance and giving Evidence of any Witness upon any such Writ or Order, and to issue Special Summons or other Process for that Purpose, and may proceed upon such Summons or other Process by Imprisonment of the Body of any Person refusing to appear or give Evidence, in like Manner as any Court or Courts of Record within this Kingdom, having competent Authority for that Purpose, may proceed against any Person or Persons for any Contempt committed against the Authority of any such Court.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons in the Course of his, her or their Examination upon Oath, under and by virtue of the said recited Act of the Twenty fourth Year of His present Majesty, or this Act, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties, as Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury shall be liable to by any Law or Laws then in force in the Kingdom, Island or Place where such false Evidence shall have been given as aforesaid.

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 85, 86.

421

VI. And Whereas it is expedient to extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the Twenty first Year of the Reign of His Majesty King James the First, intituled Act to enlarge and make perpetual the Act made for Ease in pleading against -

some and contentious Suits prosecuted against Justices of the Peace, Mayors, Constables and certain other His Majesty's

Officers, for the lawful Execution of their Office, made in the

Seventh Year of His Majesty's most happy Reign, to all Persons who may by Law commit to safe Custody, either in or out of this Kingdom Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said recited Act, and all the Provisions therein contained, shall extend, and be deemed, taken and construed to extend to all Persons having, holding or exercising, or being employed in, or who may hereafter have, hold or exercise, or be employed in any publick Employment, or any Office, Station or Capacity, either Civil or Military, either in or out of this Kingdom; and who under and by virtue or in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament, Law or Laws, or lawful Authority within this Kingdom, or any Act or Acts, Statute or Statutes, Ordinance or Ordinances, or Law or Laws, or lawful Authority in any Plantation, Island, Colony or Foreign Possession of His Majesty, now have or may hereafter have, by virtue of any such publick Employment, or such Office, Station or Capacity, Power or Authority to commit Persons to safe Custody; and all such Persons having such Power or Authority as aforesaid, shall have and be entitled to all the Privileges, Benefits and Advantages given by the Provisions of the said Act as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been specially named therein: Provided always, that where any Action, Bill, Plaint or Suit upon the Case, Trespass, Battery or False Imprisonment, shall be brought against any such Person as is in this Act described as aforesaid in this Kingdom, for or upon any Act, Matter or Thing done out of this Kingdom, it shall be lawful for the Plaintiff bringing the same to lay such Act, Matter or Thing, to have been done in Westminster, or in any County where the Person against whom any such Action, Bill, Plaint or Suit shall be brought shall then reside; any Thing in this Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

[Offences committed abroad against 49 G. 3. c. 126. to be tried

K. B. as under this Act. See § 14. of that

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act to continue until the Eighth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and three, an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament for staying Proceedings Actions

under the Statute of King Henry the for abridging

Spiritual Persons from having Pluralities of Livings, and of taking of Ferms / and also to stay Proceedings in Actions under an Act of the Thirteenth Year of Queen touching Leases of Benefices, and other Ecclesiastical Livings, with Cure.

[22d Jwzt? 1^02.]

21 Jac. 1. c. 12.

Extended to Persons having publick Employment, in or out of the Kingdom, being by Law empowered to commit Persons to safe Custody.

Actions

brought against them for Things done out of this Kingdom, may be laid in Westminster, See.

2III. 8. c. 15.

42 Geo. III.

422

C. 87.

4-2° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

CAP. LXXXVII.

Recital of Indenture of Demise to K.G.2. dated April 5. 1729.

Irish Acts,

3 G. 2. c. 8.

7 G. 2. c. 7.

§ 7, &c.

An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Ireland for the Time being, to sell, lease, convey or dispose of the Parliament House in the City of Dublin, and all the Premises and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland.

[22d 1802.]

WHEREAS by Indenture bearing Date the Fifth Day of April One thousand seven hundred and twenty nine, made or mentioned to be made between the Right Honourable Benjamin 1 Parry of the City of Dublin, Esquire. One of His Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council of the Kingdom of Ireland, of the One part; and His Most Sacred Majesty George the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and, King,

Defender of the Faith and so forth, of the other Part; the said Benjamin Parry, for the Considerations therein mentioned, did demise, grant, set and to farm let unto His said Majesty and His Successors, all that Parcel of Ground in the Suburbs of the City of Dublin whereon the House commonly called Chichester House stood, and wherein both Houses of Parliament then lately sat, and all Houses, Messuages, Outhouses, Yards, Backsides, Courts and Parcels of Ground, in a Survey to the said Lease annexed, particularly laid down and described, together with all and singular the Lights, Ways, Easements, Rights, Members and Appurtenances to all and singular the said demised Premises belonging or in anywise appertaining, to have and to hold all and singular the said thereby demised Premises, or meant,

mentioned or intended to be thereby demised, with their and every of their Appurtenances, unto His said Majesty and His Successors, without Impeachment of Waste, for and during,

and to the full End, Term, Time and Space of Nine thousand Years, from the Thirtieth Day of April last past before the Date thereof, and from thenceforth fully to be complete and ended

His said Majesty and His Successors, yielding and paying the refore and thereout, Yearly and every Year during the said Term, unto the said Benjamin Parry, his Heirs and Assigns, the Rent in and by the said Indenture reserved: And Whereas certain other

Grounds, Houses, Tenements and Appurtenances mentioned in an Act, made by the Parliament of Ireland in the Third Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act to enable His Majesty to purchase the tive Interests of the several Persons entitled to the Houses and Grounds adjoining to the new Parliament and in another Act., made by the Parliament of Ireland in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second,

intituled An Act for continuing several temporary Statutes; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, did under and by virtue of the said recited Acts, and of certain Proceedings authorized by the same, become vested in His said late Majesty King George the Second, His Heirs and Successors; and all the Premises herein-before mentioned are now vested in His present Majesty, His Heirs and Successors: And Whereas under and

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 87. 423

by virtue of several Acts made in the Parliament of divers Sums of Money were from Time to Time granted to the Commissioners appointed for making wide and convenient Passages through the City of Dublin, towards purchasing certain Houses and Grounds for the Purposes of widening the Approaches to the said Parliament House, great Part of which said Houses and Grounds adjoining or lying near to the said Parliament House still remain vested in the said Commissioners, 4 under and by virtue of the said Acts or some of them: And Whereas all the said Premises may, with great publick Advantage, 4 be converted into Offices, Apartments and Premises for transacting the Business of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland;and the said Governor and Company of the said

Bank of Ireland have offered to pay the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds Irish Currency, for the Purchase of all the said Premises, 4 subject to all such Rents and Charges as the same are liable 4 to, such Purchase Money to be applied in Manner herein after mentioned; and His Majesty hath been graciously pleased to consent that the said Premises shall be so appropriated; and His Majesty is therefore pleased and contented that the same be enacted accordingly Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and singular the Premises herein-before particularly mentioned and described, and all Edifices, Erections and Buildings whatsoever, now standing and being thereon, or on any Part thereof, with their and every of their Rights, Members and Appurtenances whatsoever, which by the said recited Indenture and Acts of Parliament, or otherwise howsoever, were vested or intended to be vested in His said late Majesty King George the Second, and which are now vested in His present Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and also all such Grounds, Buildings, Messuages and Tenements, with their and every of their Rights, Members and Appurtenances, as were heretofore used or employed as and for both or either Houses of the Parliament of Ireland, and for Offices for the Use of such Houses, or whereof or wherein His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or any Person or Persons in Trust for him or them, now have or hath, or can or may have any Estate or Interest, and also all such Lands, Grounds, Buildings, Messuages and Tenements, situate, standing, lying or being within the Precincts of the said Parliament House, and which, under and by virtue or in pursuance of any Act or Acts of the Parliament of Ireland, have become or now are vested in the said Commissioners for making wide and convenient Passages through the City of Dublin, with their and every of their Rights, Members and Appurtenances, and all and every of the said Premises shall be vested in, and the same are hereby vested in the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, now or for the Time being, to the Intent that all and every the said Premises may be bargained and sold, or leased, disposed of or applied in Manner herein after mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful

The Premises described in the recited Indenture and Acts, and also all Buildings, &c. used for the Houses of Parliament of Ireland, &c. or within the Precincts thereof, vested in the Treasury of Ireland.

Treasury empowered to sell, &c. said

m

C. 87.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Premises to the Bank of Ireland for40,000l. Irish Currency, subject to such Bents as the Premises are now liable to, .& c.

notwithstanding Restriction in 21 & 22 G. 3. c. 16. (I.)

for the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for Ireland or any Three of them, now or for the Time being to treat, contract and agree with the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland for the Sale or for the leasing of all the Estate, Right, Title or Interest in or to all and every the Premises so by this Act vested in the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the said Treasury of Ireland now or for the Time being as aforesaid, at and for the Price or Sum of Forty thousand Pounds Irish Currency, subject to all such Rents and Charges as the said Premises are liable to; and that upon the executing such Contracts or Agreements by the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Ireland or any Three of them now or for the Time being, or upon executing such other Conveyances, Surrenders or Demises as in such Contract or Contracts shall be agreed upon for that Purpose, and upon Payment of the said Sum of Forty thousand Pounds Currency at such Time or Times as shall be agreed on to the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury now or for the Time being, or into the Hands of such Person or Persons as shall be for that Purpose appointed by the said Lord High Treasurer or by the Commissioners of the Treasury or any Three of them now or for the Time being, to be applied and disposed of according to the Directions of this present Act, such Conveyances, Assignments and Demises shall be good and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and shall fully acquit and discharge the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland and their Successors as against His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and against all and every other Person or Persons claiming or to claim by, from, under or in Trust for him; and as against the said Commissioners for making wide and convenient Passages through the City of Dublin, and all and every Person and Persons claiming or to claim by, from, under or in Trust for them or any of them; and as against the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury of Ireland now or for the Time being or any of them, and all and every Person and Persons claiming or to claim by, from, under or in Trust for them or any of them; any-Restriction or other Matter or Thing contained in an Act made by the Parliament, of Ireland in the Session held in the Twenty first and Twenty second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for establishing a Bank by the Name of The Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or any other Law or Statute, Disability or Incapacity, Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding: So as by such Contract, Conveyance or Demise some or One of them, a good and sure Estate and Interest of and in the said Premises and every of them be conveyed and assured to or for the Use of or in Trust for the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, in such Manner that the said Governor and Company and their Successors may have and enjoy the Benefit of the same Premises for and during the whole Term and Estate of and in the said Premises hereby vested in the said Commissioners of the Treasury or Lord High Treasurer of Ireland now or for the Time being, in as full, large, ample and beneficial Manner and Form as the said Premises inio-ht have been given, conveyed, settled or assured if the said recited

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 87. 425

recited Act of the Twenty first and Twenty second Years of His present Majesty's Reign had never been had nor made.

III. Provided always and be it enacted, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland and their Successors, notwithstanding the Redemption of all or any of their own Funds in pursuance of the Acts for establishing the same or any of them, shall continue a Corporation for the Purpose of enjoying or conveying, assigning or demising the several Premises to be purchased by them in pursuance of this Act, and that the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland or any Member thereof shall not incur any Disability for or by reason of their so doing.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and

Sums of Money arising by such Sales or Contracts or by any Conveyances, Assignments or Demises made in pursuance thereof, of the said Premises so by this Act vested in the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury of, now or for the Time being as aforesaid or any Part thereof, shall and may be issued, applied and appropriated by the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury to and for such Uses, Intents and Purposes as shall and may be directed and declared by any Act or Acts passed or to be passed in this present Session of Parliament or to be passed in any subsequent Session of Parliament; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Ireland ox any Three of them now or for the Time being, to issue his or their Warrant or Warrants from Time to Time for the Payment and Application of such Sum and Sums to and for such Uses, Intents and Purposes, and to and for no other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever.

V. Saving always to all and every Person and Persons, their-Heirs, Executors and Administrators, and all Bodies Politick and Corporate and their Successors, (other than and except the King’s-Most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and other than and except any Person or Persons seized or possessed in Trust for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and other than and except the said Commissioners for making wide and convenient Passages through the City of D,) all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest and Demand whatsoever which they or any of them have or might have had, of, in, to or out of the said Premises, by this Act vested in the said Commissioners of the Treasury or Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or any Part thereof, before the making of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had not been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for, now

or for the Time being, and all and every other Person and Persons authorized by him or them, or any Three of them to do any Act in Execution of any of the Powers intended to be hereby vested in them respectively as aforesaid, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do in pursuance of this Act; and that if any Action shall be brought or Suit commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or in relation to any of the Premises herein-before mentioned, every such Action

Bank, after Redemption of their own Funds, may continue a Corporation foren-joving or demising said Premises.

The Money arising by such Sale to be applied by the said Treasury as Parliament shall direct.

General Savings

Treasury indemnified for acting in pursuance of Act

Limitation of Actions.

426

C. 87, 88,89.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Venue.

General Issue. Construction of Act.

The Premises herein described shall be vested in Trustees for the Owners, until the Interests therein shall be determined and Purchase Money paid.

or Suit shall be laid or brought within Three Calendar Months after the Fact committed; and such Action shall be laid in the City of Dublin and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may be at Liberty to plead the General Issue and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence without specially pleading the same; and this Act and every Clause and Matter therein contained shall by all and every Judge and other Person and Persons, be construed and adjudged as largely and beneficially as can be, for the Ends and Purposes of this Act.

[Publick Act.]

u § 7.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[22d June 1802.]

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments in Trustees, for promoting the Service of His Majesty's Ordnance at Woolwich.

[22d June 1802.]

WHEREAS it is expedient for promoting the Service of His Majesty's Ordnance at to extend and en-

large the Premises occupied and employed in the said Service, and for that Purpose, to purchase the Lands herein after mentioned: And Whereas the said Lands are or may be the Estates of Infants, Femes Covert, Trustees, or other Person who by Law < are disabled to make any Contracts or Conveyances; in all

which Cases, as likewise when any Owner or other Person en-

titled to or interested in the same, designing to obstruct the publick Service, or to make any unreasonable Gain to them-

selves, insist on extravagant Rates, it will be necessary to have

Recourse to the same Methods that have been taken in Cases of the like Nature; to the End therefore, that the true and real Value of the said Estates may be ascertained, and the Owners and Proprietors thereof may have a just and reasonable Satisfaction for the same;’ Be it enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all that Piece or Parcel of Land called Common Lane containing by Ad-

measurement, Seven Acres One Rood and Twenty Perches or thereabouts, and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Land called

Callas's Field, containing by Admeasurement, Five Acres Three Roods and Fourteen Perches or thereabouts; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Land called The Twelve Acres, containing by Admeasurement, Twelve Acres Two Roods and Thirty Perches or thereabouts; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Land called The Further Five Acres, containing by Admeasurement, Five Acres and Nineteen Perches or thereabouts; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Land called Wood's Barn Field, containing by Admeasurement, Five Acres Two Roods and Nine

Perches

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 89.

427

Perches or thereabouts; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Land called The Ruffs, containing by Admeasurement, Fourteen Acres Three Roods and Nine Perches, or thereabouts; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Land called The Horse, containing by Admeasurement, Seven Acres Two Roods and Twenty nine Perches or thereabouts; and also all that small Slip of Land planted with Firs, also called The Ruff's, containing by Admeasurement, Three Roods and Thirty nine Perches or thereabouts; and also all that other small Slip of Land, Part of a Piece of Land called Wood Piece near the, containing by Ad-

measurement, Two Roods and Four Perches or thereabouts; and also all that private Road or Lane lying between the several Pieces of Land herein-before described, and the West End of the Barrack Field; all which said several Pieces or Parcels of Land and Lane are the Property of John Boxuater Esquire, and are abutted and bounded as follows; (that is to say), on the East by the said Field called the Barrack Field, on the South by Woolwich Common, on the West by Land belonging to Lady Wilson, and on the North by other Lands belonging to the said John; and are all

(except the said private Road or Lane) in the Tenure of Samuel Hardin, but Possession thereof hath been lately taken by the Principal Officers of His Majesty's Ordnance, for His Majesty's Use, by and with the Consent of the said John, and

Samuel Hardin respectively; and also all that the said Field or Piece or Parcel of Land called The Barrack Field, formerly consisting of Seven Closes or Pieces of Land belonging to the said John Boxuater, and containing by Admeasurement, Fifty three Acres Two Roods and Twenty six Perches or thereabouts, now in the Tenure and Occupation of the said Principal Officers of His Majesty's Ordnance, and also all and every the Buildings, Conduits, Leaden Pipes and Watercourses now standing and being in or upon, or running through the said last mentioned Field, or any Part thereof, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the Right Honourable Charles Abbot, Sir Edxuard Knatchbull Baronet and Filmer Honeywood Esquire, their Heirs and Assigns, in Trust

nevertheless for such Person or Persons as at or immediately before the Time of making this Act are or were the several and respective Owners thereof, according to their several Estates and Interests in Possession, Reversion, Remainder or otherwise, until such Estates and Interests shall be respectively adjudged and determined,c and until the Purchase Monies for the same, that shall be agreed upon or assessed as the true Value thereof, shall be paid; and that the said Purchase Monies shall be paid and applied to such and the same Uses, Intents and Purposes, as the said Estates and Interests so vested in the abovementioned Trustees were limited and settled previous to the passing of this Act, so far as the Rules of Law will allow thereof; and that in the mean Time the Rents and Profits of the said Lands and Hereditaments shall be paid and applied by the said Trustees to such Person or Persons as were entitled to the same, and in such Proportions as the same were payable previous to the passing of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Compensation and Satisfaction as shall be agreed upon, or shall be found by the Verdict of a Jury, for and in respect of the

The Compensation for said Premises shall

428

C. 89, 90.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

be paid out of the next Aids.

Lands and Hereditaments hereby vested, shall be made to all and every Person and Persons out of the next Aids to be granted by Parliament.

" His Majesty may appoint, by Letters Patent, Commissioners to " hear and determine Claims made to the said Premises. Commissioners shall proceed by Evidence of Witnesses, Inspection of Deeds, &c. or (if required by the Parties) by a Jury of Twelve to determine Titles and the Value of Premises. All Judgments and Decrees shall be certified into the Chancery and " Exchequer, and laid before Parliament, § 3. Bodies Politick, 44 Trustees, Tenants in Tail, &c. empowerd to contract; and all " Contracts and Sales between them and the Commissioners in respect of the said Premises, shall be valid. On Persons, &c, 44 declining to treat, &c. the Value of Premises shall be assessed by a Jury, § 4. Warrant shall be issued to the Sheriff of Kent for summoning a Jury. Fine on Sheriff, his Officers and Jury- men neglecting their Duty, from 20L to 10Z. may be imposed by Commissioners, § 5. Inquest may be adjourned in Default of 44 a sufficent Number of Jurymen attending, § 6. Twelve shall be sufficient to take Inquest, § 7. Fourteen Days’ Notice of " Inquest shall be given, § 8. On Payment of the Purchase Money agreed for or assessed, Premises shall vest in the Trus- tees for the Use of His Majesty, § 9. Tithes, Land Tax and other Rates on the Premises, shall be paid by the Storekeeper of the Ordnance at Woolwich Warren, &c. § 10. Commissioners shall not be liable to Penalties of Stat. 25 Car. 2. c. 2. 1 W. 44 & M. c. 8. 13 & 14 W. 3. c. 6. and 1 G. 1. c. 13.— § 11. Nor dis- qualified from sitting in the House of Commons, § 12.

CAP. XC.

An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia.

[26th June 1802.] 4 WHEREAS a resPectaide Military Force, under the ComVV mand of Officers possessing landed Property, within Great Britain, is essential to the Constitution; and the Militia, as by Law established, through its constant Readiness on short Notice for effectual Service, has been found of the utmost Importance to the internal Defence of this Realm: And Whereas it is necessary, for the better fulfilling the Purposes of the Institution of the Militia, that the Numbers thereof to be raised and kept in constant Readiness for effectual Service within Great Britain should be augmented: And Whereas the Laws now in force for regulating the Militia require Amendment; and it is expedient that many of the Provisions contained in the several Acts relating to the same should be repealed, and others of them continued and amended, and that new Provisions should be made: and it would greatly tend to the better Execution thereof if the Whole of the said Provisions were comprised in One Act of Parliament: And Whereas it is necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, that certain Acts and Parts of Acts now in force should be repealed Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 90.

429

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England; and also so much of an Act passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to provide for the Families of Persons chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia of this Kingdom, and of Substitutes serving therein; and to explain and amend an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England,’ as relates to Bounties to be paid to Militia Men whose Terms of Service are prolonged; and also an Act passed in the Thirty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for augmenting the Royal Corps of Artillery, and providing seafaring Men for the Service of the Navy out of the Private Men now serving in the Militia;and to amend an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending and reducing One Act of Parliament i th,e Laws relating to the Militia that Part of Great Britain called England and also Two several Acts, passed in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Supplementary Militia; and also an Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable His Majesty to order out a certain Proportion of the Supplementary Militia; and to provide for the necessary Augmentation of Men in the several Companies of the Militia, by incorporating the Supplementary Militia therewith; and also another Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year aforesaid, intituled An Act for augmenting the Number of Field Offcers and other Officers of Militia; and for making other Provisions concerning the Militia Forces of this Kingdom; and also an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend Tioo Acts passed in the Twenty sixth and Thirty seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Militia of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey; and for applying certain Monies remaining in the Hands of the Clerks to the Deputy Lieutenants of the County of Middlesex, and other Persons, towards the completing of ike said Militia; and also another Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year aforesaid, intituled An Act for the Reduction of the Militia Forces, at the Times and in the Manner therein limited; for enabling His Majesty more effectually to increase His Regular Forces for the vigorous Prosecution of the War; and for amending the Laws relating to the Militia; and also another Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for enabling His Majesty to accept the Services of an additional Number of Volunteers from the Militia, under certain Restrictions; and also another Act passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to regulate, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, the Number of private Militia Men in the several Counties, Ridings and Places therein mentioned;and for supplying of Vacancies the

The following Acts and Parts of Acts relating to Militia, repealed, viz.

26 G. 3. c.

55 G. 3. c. 8. (§11, 12.)

35 G. 3. c. So.

57 G .5.cc. 5.23. 38 G.5. c. 18.

58 G. 5. c. 55.

39 G. 3. c. 90.

59 G.5. c. 106.

59 & 40 G. 5. c. 1.

42 G. 5. c. 12.

4> SO

C. 90.

4-2° GEO. III.

A.D. 1802.

Militia raised under 26 G. S. c. 107, subjected to Regulations of this Act. Commissions and Service, shall continue as under former Acts.

Future Deficiencies shall be supplied under this Act.

His Majesty shall appoint Lieutenants of Counties, who shall call out Militia yearly, and may appoint Deputy Lieutenants and Officers, whose Names shall be certified to His Majesty for his Approbation.

Rank of Officers.

Three Deputy Lieutenants may be authorized to act in case of Ab-

shall be and the same are hereby repealed; and that the Militia raised by virtue of the said Act of the Twenty sixth Year aforesaid, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be subject to all the Provisions and Regulations thereof: Provided always, that the repealing of the said several Acts hereby repealed, or any or either of them, shall not affect any Commission of Lieutenancy, or any other Commission already granted under or by virtue of the said Acts, or any or either of them, but that all such Persons to whom any such Commissions shall have been granted, shall and may act in the Execution of this Act, in like Manner as they might have acted in the Execution of the said former Acts, or any or either of them: Provided also, that so many of the Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers and Private Militia Men as are now serving for the several Counties, Ridings and Places aforesaid, shall be liable and continue to serve in the same Manner and for the same Length of Time as they ought to have served if this Act had not been made; and from Time to Time, in every Case where it shall be necessary to supply any Deficiency in the Number of Private Militia Men of any County, Riding or Place, the Man or Number of Men required to supply such Deficiency shall be raised, provided and enrolled, and shall serve, in the Manner and for the Time directed by and under and according to the Provisions, Rules and Regulations of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That His Majesty may and shall, from Time to Time, constitute and appoint Lieutenants for the Counties, Ridings and Places herein after mentioned; and the several Lieutenants so appointed shall have full Power and Authority, and are hereby required, to call together, arm, array and cause to be trained and exercised, such Persons and in such Manner, as is herein after directed, once in every Year and the said Lieutenants severally shall from Time to Time constitute and appoint such Persons as they shall think fit, being qualified as herein after is directed, and living within their respective Counties, Ridings and Places, to be their Deputy Lieutenants (the Names of such Persons having been first presented to and approved by His Majesty), and shall also appoint a proper Number of Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels, Majors and other Officers, qualified as herein after directed, to train, discipline and command the Persons to be so armed and arrayed according to the Rules, Orders and Directions herein after mentioned, and shall certify to His Majesty the Names and Ranks of all such Officers so to be appointed; and in case His Majesty shall, within Fourteen Days after such Certificate shall have been laid before him, signify His Disapprobation of any of the Persons so to be appointed, it shall not be lawful for the said Lieutenants to grant a Commission to any Person so disapproved, but Commissions shall be granted to all such Persons who shall not be disapproved by His Majesty; and the Officers so appointed for the Militia, to be armed and arrayed as herein after directed, shall rank with the Officers of His Majesty's Regular Forces as youngest of their Rank.

III. And be it further enacted, That when the Lieutenant of

any County, Riding or Place, shall be out of the Kingdom of Great Britain, or when there shall be no Lieutenant, it shall be lawful for His Majesty to authorize any Three Deputy Lieutenants

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 90.

431

of such County, Riding or Place, to grant Commissions to Officers to serve in the Militia for such County, Riding or Place, upon any Vacancy that shall then happen, in such Maimer as such Lieutenant could do, and to do all other Acts, Matters and Things, which might lawfully have been done by the said Lieutenant; and the same shall be good and valid in the Law, as if done by the said Lieutenant himself.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Commission of any Deputy Lieutenant, nor any Commission of any Officer in the Militia, already granted or to be granted by any Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, shall be vacated by reason of the Revocation, Expiration or Discontinuance of the Commission by which any such Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid was or were appointed.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant of every County, Riding or Place, shall have the Chief Command of the Militia within the County, Riding or Place to which he is appointed; and that Twenty Deputy Lieutenants at the least shall be appointed within every County, Riding and Place, if so many can be found qualified as herein after directed; but if such Number of Persons so qualified cannot be found within any such County, Riding or Place, then as many Persons so qualified as can be found within such County, Riding or Place, shall be appointed to be Deputy Lieutenants for the Purposes of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons to be appointed Deputy Lieutenants or Officers of the Militia, in pursuance of this Act (except within the Counties of

Monmouth, Westmorland and Ruthe Isle of Ely in the County of Cambridge, the several Counties and Places within the

Dominion of Wales, and such Cities and Towns as are Counties within themselves), shall be qualified as follows: (that is to say), every Person so to be appointed a Deputy Lieutenant, shall be seised or possessed, either in Law or Equity for his own Use and Benefit, in Possession of a Freehold, of or Customary Estate for Life, or for the Life of his Wife, she having a Freehold, of or Customary Estate for her Life, or for some greater Estate, or of an Estate for some long Term of Years determinable on One or more Life or Lives, in Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in England, Wales or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, of the yearly Value of Two hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person who shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of Four hundred Pounds; and every Person so to be appointed a Colonel, shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of One thousand Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person who shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of Two thousand Pounds; and every Person so to be appointed a Lieutenant Colonel, shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of Six hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person who shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of One thousand two hundred Pounds; and every Person so to be appointed a Major, shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid

sence, &c. of the Lieutenant.

Commissions shall not be vacated by Removal, &c. of the Lieutenants.

County Lieutenant shall have the Chief Command of Militia.

Number of Deputy Lieutenants.

Qualifications of Deputy Lieutenants and Officers in England except for certain Places.

Deputy Lieutenants, 2001. or Heir to 4001. per Ann.

Colonels, 10001. &c.

Lieutenant Colonels, 6001.

Majors, 4001. &c.

432

C 90.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Captains, 2001. &c.

Lieutenants, 501. &c.

Ensigns, 20l. &c.

Qualifications, where situate.

Qualifications of Deputy Lieutenants and Officers in Cumberland, Sec. and in Wales, viz. Deputy Lieutenants, 1501. &c.

Colonels, 6001. Sec.

of the yearly Value of Four hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person who shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of Eight hundred Pounds; and every Person so to be appointed a Captain, shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of Two hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person who shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of Four hundred Pounds, or shall be a younger Son of some Person who shall be, or at the Time of his Death was in like Manner seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of Six hundred Pounds; and every Person so to be appointed Lieutenant, shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate alone to the Amount of One thousand Pounds, or seised or possessed of real and personal Estate together to the Amount or Value of Two thousand Pounds, or shall be Son of some Person who shall be or at the Time of his Death was in like Manner seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, or who shall be or who at the Time of his Death was possessed of a Personal Estate alone to the Amount of Two thousand Pounds, or seised or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together to the Amount or Value of Three thousand Pounds; and that every Person so to be appointed an Ensign, shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of Twenty Pounds, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate alone to the Amount of Five hundred Pounds, or seised or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together to the Amount or Value of One thousand Pounds, or shall be Son of some Person who shall be or at the Time of his Death was in like Manner seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, or who shall be or who at the Time of his Death, was possessed of a Personal Estate alone to the Amount of One thousand Pounds, or seised or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together to the Amount or Value of One thousand five hundred Pounds; of which said Estates required as Qualifications for Deputy Lieutenants, Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels, Majors and Captains respectively, One Moiety, shall be situate or arising within the respective Counties, Ridings or Places, in which they shall be appointed to serve.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Estates requisite for the Qualification of the Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, within the Counties of Cumberland, Huntingdon, Monmouth, Westmorland and Rutland, and within every County and Place in the Dominion of Wales, shall be as follows: (that is to say), a Deputy Lieutenant shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent to a Person who shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of Three hundred Pounds; a Colonel shall be in like Manner seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of Six hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of a Person who shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like

Estate

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 90.

Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of One thousand two hundred Pounds; a Lieutenant Colonel or Major Commandant, shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of Four hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of a Person who shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of Eight hundred Pounds; a Major shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of Two hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person who shall in like Manner be seised of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of Four hundred Pounds; and every Person so to be appointed Captain, shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds, or shall be Son of a Person who shall be or at the Time of his Death was in like Manner seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of Three hundred Pounds; a Lieutenant shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of Thirty Pounds, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate alone to the Amount of Six hundred Pounds, or seised or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together to the Amount or Value of One thousand two hundred Pounds, or shall be the Son of a Person who shall be or at the Time of his Death was in like Manner seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of Sixty Pounds, or who shall be, or at the Time of his Death was possessed of a Personal Estate alone to the Amount of One thousand two hundred Pounds, or seised or possessed of a Real and Personal Estate together to the Amount or Value of Two thousand four hundred Pounds; an Ensign shall be in like Manner seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of Twenty Pounds, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate alone to the Amount of Three hundred Pounds, or seised or possessed of a Real and Personal Estate together of the Amount or Value of Six hundred Pounds, or shall be the Son of a Person who shall be or at the Time of his Death was in like Manner seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of Thirty Pounds, or who shall be or at the Time of his Death was possessed of a Personal Estate alone to the Amount of Six hundred Pounds, or seised or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together to the Amount or Value of One thousand two hundred Pounds; of all which respective Estates (except those for the Qualifications of Lieutenants and Ensigns), One Moiety shall be situate or arising within the respective Counties or Places in which such Officers shall be respectively appointed to serve.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Estates requisite for the Qualification of the Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia in the Isle of Ely shall be as follows; a Deputy Lieutenant shall be in like Manner seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person who shall be in like Manner seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of Three hundred Pounds; a Captain shall be in like Manner seised or possessed of alike Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of a Person who shall be

433

Lieutenant Colonel or Major Commandant, 4001. &c.

Majors, 2001. Ike.

Captains, 1501. &c.

Lieutenants, 301. &c.

Ensigns, 20l. &e.

Qualifications, where situate.

Qualifications of Deputy Lieutenants and Officers in Ely, viz. Deputy Lieutenants, 1501. &c.

Captains, 1001. &c.

434

C. 90.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Lieutenants, 501. &c.

Ensigns, 201. &c.

Qualifications, where situate.

Appointment of Deputy Lieutenants and Officers in Cities and Towns being Counties.

Qualifications,

viz.

Deputy Lieutenants, 1501. &c.

Field Officers, 5001. &c.

be in like Manner seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of Two hundred Pounds, or shall be a younger Son of some Person who shall be or at the Time of his Death was in like Manner seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of Three hundred Pounds; a Lieutenant shall be in like Manner seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of Thirty Pounds, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate to the Amount of Six hundred Pounds, or shall be Son of some Person who shall be or at the Time of his Death was in like Manner seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of Sixty Pounds, or who shall be or at the Time of his Death was possessed of a Personal Estate to the Amount of One thousand two hundred Pounds; an Ensign shall be in like Manner seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of Twenty Pounds, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate to the Amount of Three hundred Pounds, or shall be the Son of some Person who shall be or at the Time of his Death was in like Manner seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of Thirty Pounds, or who shall be or at the Time of his Death was possessed of a Personal Estate to the Amount of Six hundred Pounds; of all which Estates (except those for the Qualifications of Lieutenants and Ensigns), One Moiety shall be situate or arising within the said Isle of or some other Part of the County of Cambridge.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cities and Towns which are Counties within themselves and have heretofore been empowered by Law or ancient Usage to raise and train a separate Militia within their several Precincts and Liberties, and which are united with and made Part of any County or Counties for the Purposes of raising the Militia only, the Lieutenant of every such City or Town, or where there is no Lieutenant appointed, then the Chief Magistrate of such City or Town shall appoint the Deputy Lieutenants within such City or Town, and shall also appoint Officers of the Militia whose Number and Rank shall be proportionable to the Number of Militia Men which such City or Town shall raise as their Quota towards the Militia of the County to which such City or Town is united for the Purposes aforesaid; and all Powers and Provisions made by this Act, with respect to the Counties at large and the Militia thereof and the registering herein after directed of the Qualifications of Deputy Lieutenants and Officers, shall take place and be in force with respect to the said Cities and Towns and the Militia thereof and the registering of the said Qualifications; and the Value of the respective Qualifications of the Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia of such Cities and Towns shall be as follows: Every Deputy Lieutenant shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate alone, or seised or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together to the Amount or Value of Three thousand Pounds; and every Field Officer shall respectively be in like Manner seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of Three hundred Pounds, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate alone, or seised or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together to the Amount or Value of

Five

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 90.

435

Five thousand Pounds; and the Qualification of a Captain shall be a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of One hundred and fifty Pounds in Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or Personal Estate alone, or Real and Personal Estate together to the Amount or Value of Two thousand five hundred Pounds; and the Qualification of a Lieutenant shall be a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of Thirty Pounds in Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or Personal Estate alone to the Amount or Value of Seven hundred and fifty Pounds; and the Qualification of an Ensign shall be a like Estate as aforesaid of the yearly Value of Twenty Pounds in Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or Personal Estate alone to the Amount or Value of Four hundred Pounds; of all which Estates respectively (except those for the Qualifications of Lieutenants and Ensigns), One Moiety shall be situate or arising within such City or Town or within the County to which such City or Town is united for the Purposes aforesaid.

X. Provided always and be it further enacted, That the immediate Reversion or Remainder of and in Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which are leased for One Life or for Two or Three Lives, or for any Term of Years determinable upon the Death of One Life, or of Two or Three Lives on reserved Rents, and which are to the Lessee or Lessees of the clear yearly Value of Three hundred Pounds, shall be deemed equal to an Estate herein-before required as a Qualification of the yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, and so in Proportion to the several other Qualifications required by this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That a Person possessed in Law or Equity, for his own Use and Benefit, in Possession of an Estate for a certain Term originally granted for Twenty Years or more of an annual Value (over and above all Rents and Charges payable out of or in respect of the same), equal to the Value of such an Estate as is required for the Qualification of a Deputy Lieutenant and a commissioned Officer of the Militia respectively and situate as aforesaid, shall be and is hereby deemed and declared to be sufficiently qualified to act in the Execution of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall hereafter be appointed to be Deputy Lieutenant of any Count)7, Riding or Place, or be appointed to a higher Rank in the Militia than that of Lieutenant, until he shall have delivered in to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, Riding or Place for which he shall be appointed, or (in the Absence of the Clerk of the Peace) to his Deputy a speci-sick Description in Writing signed by himself of his Qualification, stating the Parish or Parishes in which the Estate or Estates which form his Qualification is or are situate; and the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy shall transmit to the Lieutenant of the County, Riding or Place a Copy of such Description; and no Commission granted after the passing of this Act, for a higher Rank in the Militia than that of Lieutenant, shall be valid unless it be declared in the Commission that the Officer to whom the Commission is given hath delivered in his Qualification as above directed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace of every County, Riding and Place shall and he is hereby required to enter the Qualification transmitted to him, according to the Directions

Captains, 1501. &c.

Lieutenants, 301. &c

Ensigns, 201. &c.

Qualifications, where situate.

Immediate Reversion in Leases for Lives of 3001. per Ann. equal to a freehold Qualification of 1001. per Ann. &c.

Estates for Twenty Years, to the requisite Amount, sufficient Qualifications.

No Deputy Lieutenant, or Officer superior to a Subaltern, appointed, till his Qualification delivered to Clerk of the Peace, and transmitted to County Lieutenant.

Clerk of the Peace to enroll Qualifications, and insert in

436

C. 90.

42° GEO. III.

A.D. 1802.

London Gazette Dates of Commissions, &c. and annually transmit to the Secretary of State Account of Qualifications, to be laid before Parliament.

Deputy Lieutenants and Officers shall take the Oaths, &c. under 1 G. 1. st. 2. c. 15. and [6 G. 3. c. 53.] within Six Months after Appointment.

Persons acting who are unqualified, &c.

Penalties.

Proviso for Peers, and their

tions of this Act, upon a Roll to be provided and kept for that Purpose,^ and to cause to be inserted in London Gazette the Dates of the Commissions and Names and Rank of the Officers, together with the Names of the Officers in whose Room they are appointed, in like Manner as Commissions in the Army are published from the War Office; and he is hereby authorized to charge the Expence of such Insertion in the Gazette for each Commission to the Treasurer of the County, Riding or Place, who is hereby directed to pay the same; and the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy shall, in the Month of January in every Year, transmit to one of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State a complete Account of the Qualifications so left with him, and the Secretary of State receiving such Accounts shall cause Copies thereof to be annually laid before both Houses of Parliament; and every Deputy Lieutenant and commissioned Officer not having already taken and subscribed the Oaths, and made, repeated and subscribed the Declaration as required by this Act shall, at some General Quarter Session of the Peace or in One of His Majesty's Courts of Record at minster, within Six Months after he shall have accepted his Commission, take the Oaths appointed to be taken by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act for the further Security of His Majesty's Person and Government and the Succession of the Croton in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales and his open and secret Abettors; and also by an Act passed in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for altering the Oath of Abjuration and the Assurance;and for amending so much of an Act of the Seventh Year of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for the Improvement of the Union of the Two Kingdoms,’ as after the Time therein limited requires the Delivery of certain Lists and Copies therein mentioned, to Persons indicted of High Treason or Misprision of Treason; and shall also make, repeat and subscribe the Declaration in the said Act of the First Year of King George the First, directed to be made, repeated and subscribed by all Officers, Civil and Military.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall execute any of the Powers hereby directed to be executed by Deputy Lieutenants, Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels or Majors, not being qualified as aforesaid, or without having delivered in such specifick Description of his Qualification as is herein-before required, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and if any Person shall execute any of the Powers hereby directed to be executed by Captains not being qualified as aforesaid, or without having delivered in such specifick Description of his Qualification as is herein-before required, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Use of the Person who shall sue for the same; and in every Action, Suit or Information brought against any Person for acting as Deputy Lieutenant, Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel, Major or Captain not being qualified as herein-before directed, the Proof of his Qualification shall lie upon the Person against whom the same is brought: Provided alwaya that nothing in this Act contained shall restrain or prevent any Peer of the Realm or Heir Apparent of any such

Peer

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 90.

437

Peer from being appointed or acting as a Deputy Lieutenant or a commissioned Officer in the Militia within the County, Riding or Place wherein such Peer or Heir Apparent of such Peer shall have some Place of Residence, although he may not have the Qualification herein-before required; or to oblige any Peer of this Realm or Heir Apparent of such Peer who shall be appointed a Deputy Lieutenant or commissioned Officer as aforesaid, to leave with the Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding or Place for which he shall be appointed, any Qualification in Writing as aforesaid.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person now serving as Major of the Militia who shall be possessed of the Qualification required by the Laws in force before the passing of this Act, shall and may continue to hold a Commission of Major in the Militia to be raised by virtue of this Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every Lieutenant Colonel or Major in the Militia, duly qualified as aforesaid, and commissioned under any of the Acts herein-before recited, and now actually serving, and who in consequence of the Reduction of the Establishment of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps in which he is serving, will no longer retain his Commission, and any Officer in the Militia duly qualified as aforesaid, who, in consequence of the Augmentation of the Militia Forces herein after provided, may hereafter be promoted to the Commission of Lieutenant Colonel or Major, and may by any subsequent Reduction of that Augmentation no longer retain such Commission, shall and may continue to rank respectively in the general Militia Service, according to the Date of his Commission or Appointment in the Militia so vacated as aforesaid; provided that nothing herein contained shall extend to give any such Lieutenant Colonel or Major any Regimental Rank.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, may from Time to Time, as he and they shall think fit, signify his and their Pleasure to his and their Lieutenant of any County, Riding or Place, to displace all or any Deputy Lieutenants and Officers in the Militia, and thereupon His Majesty's respective Lieutenants shall forthwith displace such Deputy Lieutenants or Officers, and appoint others within the same County, Riding or Place, with the like Qualifications, and under and subject to the like Provisions and Restrictions, to serve in their stead.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant of every County, Riding and Place, shall from Time to Time appoint a Clerk of the General Meetings to be holden as herein after directed, and may displace such Clerk if he shall think fit, and appoint another in his Room; and the Deputy Lieutenants within their respective Subdivisions or the major Part of those present at any Subdivision Meeting, shall also from Time to Time appoint a Clerk for their Subdivisions, and may displace such Clerk if they or the major Part of them shall think fit, and appoint another in his Room.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Number of Private Men to be raised by virtue of this Act, shall be as follows; (that is to say), For the County of Bedford Three hundred and seventeen; for the County of Berks Five hundred and sixty one; for

42 Geo. III. G g the

Heirs Apparent.

Present Majors qualified under former Acts, may continue.

Present Lieutenant Colonels or- 1vr'iGrs reduced, and Officers hereafter promoted and reduced, to hold Rank in the general Service.

How His Majesty may displace Deputy Lieutenants or Officers.

Appointment of Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings.

Numbers of Private Men, [Total 40,963.]

438

C. 90.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

the County of Bucks Five hundred and ninety nine; for the County of Cambridge Four hundred and eighty one; for the County of Chester, with the City and County of the City of

Eight hundred and eighty five; for the County of Cornwall Six hundred and forty seven; for the County of Cumberland Six hundred and fifteen; for the County of Derby Nine hundred and thirty nine; for the County of Dewith the City and County of the City of Exeter, One thousand five hundred and twelve; for the County of Dorset, with the Town and County of the Town of Pool, Four hundred and eleven; for the County of Durham Four hundred and ninety two; for the County of Essex One thousand two hundred and forty four; for the County of with the City and County of the City of Gloucester and the City and County of the City of Bristol, One thousand one hundred and sixty three; for the County of Hereford Five hundred and twenty; for the County of Hertford Four hundred and eighty; for the County of Huntingdon One hundred and fifty nine; for the County of Kent, with the City and County of the City of Canterbury, One thousand two hundred and ninety six; for the County of Lancaster Two thousand four hundred and thirty nine; for the County of Leicester Six hundred and forty three; for the County of Lincoln,with the City and County of the City of Lincoln, One thousand three hundred and sixty eight; for the County of Middlesex (exclusive of the Tower Division, commonly called The Tower Hamlets) Three thousand and thirty eight; for the County of Monmouth Two hundred and eighty; for the County of No folk, with the City and County of the City of Norwich, One thousand two hundred and nine; for the County of Northampton Seven hundred and twenty four; for the County of Northumberland, with the Town and County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, Six hundred and forty nine; for the County of Nottingham, with the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, Five hundred and sixty four; for the County of Oxford Six hundred and three; for the County of Rutland eighty three; for the County of Salop Nine hundred and ninety one; for the County of Somerset One thousand five hundred and fifty six; for the County of Southampton, with the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, Eight hundred and fifty; for the County of Stafford with the City and County of the City of Lichfield One thousand one hundred and thirty three; for the County of Suffolk One thousand and forty two; for the County of Surrey One thousand three hundred and thirty six; for the County of Sussex Eight hundred and three; for the County of Warwick, with the City and County of the City of Coventry, Eight hundred and fifty three; for the County of Westmorland Two hundred and forty three; for the County of Worcester, with the City and County of the City of Worcester, -Six hundred and sixteen; for the County of Wilts Nine hundred and seventeen; for the West Riding of the County of York, with the City and County of the City of York, Two thousand four hundred and twenty nine; for the North Riding of the said County Nine hundred and eleven; and for the East Riding of the said County, with the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, Five hundred and sixty four; for the County of

glesea

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 90.

439

glesea One hundred and twenty eight; for the County of nock Two hundred and four; for the County of Cardigan Two hundred and forty four; for the County of, with the County Borough of Carmarthen, Four hundred and five: for the County of Carnarvon One hundred and twenty eight; for the County of Denbigh Three hundred and forty four; for the County of Flint Two hundred and one; for the County of Glamorgan

Four hundred and three; for the County of Merioneth One hundred and twenty one; for the County or, Two hundred and seventy nine; for the County of, with the

Town and County of the Town of Two hundred

and one; and for the County of Radnor One hundred and forty.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Numbers of private

Militia Men, herein-before appointed to serve for the several Counties, Ridings and Places aforesaid, shall continue to be and remain the respective Quotas of the several and respective Counties, Ridings and Places aforesaid, until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and five, and from thence until other Quotas shall be settled, ascertained and appointed by His Majesty's Privy Council, in Manner herein after directed; and the several and respective Quotas that shall at or after the Expiration of the said first mentioned Period, and also from Time to Time at or after the Expiration of every successive Ten Years after such Period, be settled, ascertained and appointed, by His Majesty's Privy Council under the Provisions of this Act, shall from the Appointment thereof, continue to be and remain the respective Quotas of the several and respective Counties, Ridings and Places aforesaid, for which any such subsequent Quotas shall have been appointed, until other Quotas shall be settled, ascertained and appointed under this Act.

[See § 38. post.}

XXI. And be it further enacted, That General Meetings of the Lieutenancy of every County, Riding and Place, shall be holden in some principal Town of every such County, Riding and Place, and such General Meetings shall consist of the Lieutenant, together with Two Deputy Lieutenants at the least, or on the Death or Removal or in the Absence of the Lieutenant then of Three Deputy Lieutenants at the least of every County, Riding and Place respectively; and One such General Meeting shall be holden' within every County, Riding and Place annually, upon the last Tuesday which shall happen before the Tenth Day of October in every Year, or earlier if Occasion shall require; and the Lieutenant, together with any Two Deputy Lieutenants or (on the Death or Removal or in the Absence of the Lieutenant) any Three Deputy Lieutenants of any County, Riding or Place, when and as often as they shall find necessary for carrying the Purposes of this Act duly and fully into Execution, may summon or cause to be summoned other General Meetings of the Lieutenancy, on any Days to be fixed by such Summons, of which Daj^s and the Places of holding such Meetings respectively, Notice shall be given in The London Gazette; and also in any Weekly Newspaper usually circulated in such County, Riding or Place, Fourteen Days at the least before the Days appointed for holding such Meetings respectively; and the Lieutenant, together with any Two Deputy Lieutenants or (on the Death or Removal or in the Absence of the

Numbers to continue until June 25. 1805, and afterwards to be appointed by the Privy Council.

Regulations for holding General Meetings of Lieutenancy.

4-40

C. 90.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Subdivision Meetings to consist of Two Deputy Lieutenants, or One Deputy and a Justice of the Peace.

Clerk-of Subdivision Meetings to give Notice of Subdivision Meetings, and transmit Lists of Men enrolled.

When tyro Deputy Lieute-

Lieutenant) any Three Deputy Lieutenants of any County, Riding or Place, are hereby authorized to charge the Expence of such Notices, and also of all such Notices that may have been given under any Act or Acts relating to the Militia, that may remain undischarged, to the Treasurer of the County, Riding or Place, who is hereby directed to pay the same; and in case any annual or other General Meeting shall not be attended by the Lieutenant and Two Deputy Lieutenants, or by Three Deputy Lieutenants, as herein-before required, the Lieutenant or any One Deputy Lieutenant who shall attend at such Meeting shall and may adjourn the same to any other Time, and to any Place within such County, Riding or Place; and in case no Deputy Lieutenant shall -attend at the Time and Place appointed for the next Meeting, then the Clerk of the General Meetings or his Deputy shall adjourn such Meeting to any other Time, to be holden at the same Place.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That Meetings of the Deputy Lieutenants, within the Subdivisions of their respective Counties, Ridings and Places shall be holden as herein after directed, which Subdivision Meetings shall consist of Two Deputy Lieutenants at the least: Provided always, that at any Subdivision Meeting appointed according to the Directions of this Act, where Two Deputy Lieutenants do not attend, it shall be lawful for any One Deputy Lieutenant, together with any One Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding or Place, within which such Subdivision lies, to do nil Acts, Matters and Things which are by this Act directed to be done by Deputy Lieutenants at their respective Subdivision Meetings; and all such Acts, Matters and Things so done by any such Deputy Lieutenant and Justice of the Peace, shall be as good, valid and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been done by Two Deputy Lieutenants of such County, Riding or -Place; any Thii)g in this Act to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Clerks

of the Subdivision Meetings shall, as soon as conveniently may be after any such Subdivision Meeting shall have been appointed, give Notice in Writing of the Time and Place of Meeting to such of the Deputy Lieutenants who shall be resident within such Subdivision, as he conveniently can, and also to the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, if on actual Service, or (if not on actual Service) to the Colonel or other Commandant thereof, or (in case of his Absence from Great Britain) to the next Commanding Officer within Great, by Notice address-

ed to the Adjutant, and an Account of the several Days fixed for receiving Lists, and for ballotting and for enrolling the Militia Men within such Subdivision; and shall, as soon as the Militia Men are enrolled, likewise transmit to the Colonel or other Commandant or to the Commanding Officer as aforesaid, in Manner aforesaid, a List, specifying the Names, Trades and usual Places of Abode of all such Militia Men as are enrolled; and where there are Substitutes the Names, Trades and Places of Abode of the Persons in the Room of whom such Substitutes were enrolled.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any Subdivision Meeting Two Deputy Lieutenants

A.D. 1802. 42d GEO. nr.

C. 90.

441

Lieutenants or One Deputy Lieutenant and One Justice of the Peace, the Clerk of such Meeting shall, by Notice to be given in Writing to all the Deputy Lieutenants within such Subdivision, or left at their respective Places of Abode, appoint another Meeting to be held within Fourteen Days, at the same Place where such Meeting was to have been holden, such Notice being given Five Days at the least previous to such Meeting.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants or the Deputy Lieutenants, at every annual or at some other General Meeting to be holden as herein-before directed, shall appoint the First Meetings of the Deputy Lieutenants within the several Subdivisions of their respective Counties, Ridings and Places, which said First Meetings shall be appointed to be held as early after the Tenth Day of October in every Year as conveniently may be, or at such other Time as may be most expedient for carrying the Purposes of this Act fully and duly into Execution: and the said Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants or the said Deputy Lieutenants may, if they judge needful, appoint the Time and Place for a Second General Meeting, and shall issue out their Orders to the Chief Constables and where there is no Chief Constable, to some other Officer of the several Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes or other Divisions within their respective Counties, Ridings and Places; requiring every such Chief Constable or other Officer as aforesaid, to issue an Order under his Hand to all Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs or other Officers of every Parish, Tything or Place, within their respective Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes or other Divisions, to return to the Deputy Lieutenants within their respective Subdivisions at the Places and on the Days appointed at the First General Meeting in every Year, fair and true Lists in Writing, in Manner by this Act directed, of the Names of all the Men usually and at that Time dwelling within the respective Parishes, Tythings and Places, for which they shall respectively act under the Provisions and in the Execution of this Act, between the Ages of Eighteen and Forty five Years.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the several Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs and other Officers and Persons required to return Lists of Persons fit and liable to serve in the Militia, shall within Fourteen Days after any such Return shall be required, give or leave Notice in Writing, in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked A., to or for every Occupier of every Dwelling House where any Person shall reside, within the Limits of the Places for which they act, as such Constables or other Officers as aforesaid, in the Execution of this Act or any of the Provisions thereof, at his or her Dwelling House, or where such Dwelling House shall be divided into different Stories or Apartments, and occupied distinctly by several Persons, then to or for the Occupier of each distinct Story or Apartment, to prepare or produce, within Fourteen Days, next ensuing the Day of giving such Notice, a List in Writing, to the best of his or her Belief, of the Christian and Surname of each and every Man resident in such Dwelling House, or distinct Story or Apartment, between the Ages of Eighteen and Forty five, distinguishing every Person in such Dwelling House or distinct Story or Apartment,

nants, &c. do not attend; Clerk to summon another Meeting.

General Meetings annually to appoint Subdivision Meetings,. and require Chief Constables, &c. to order Returns-to be made to the Subdivision Meetings, of Men between 18 and: 4

Constables. &c. to give Notice in the Form in Schedule A. to Housekeepers, &c. to produce Lists of Men between 18 and 45.

442

C. 90.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Not duly making and delivering Lists.

Penalty 51.

Quakers to produce Certificates, and Constables, &c. shall then make Returns.

Constables, &c. to make out yearly Lists in Form in Schedule B., of the Names of Men between 18 <and 45, &c. and affix a Copy on the Church Door, with Notice of the Meeting for Appeals, and return another Copy to the Deputy Lieutenants.

of such Age as aforesaid, claiming to be exempt from serving in the Militia, together with the Ground of every such Claim of Exemption; and every such Notice shall mention the Day, Time and Place appointed for hearing Appeals within such Subdivision, by Persons claiming to be exempt from serving in the Militia; and every such Occupier shall, after such Notice so given or left, make out such List, and sign the same with his or her own Name, and shall deliver the same, or cause the same to be delivered, to such Constable, or other Officer or Person as aforesaid; and if any Occupier shall neglect or refuse to make out, sign and deliver such List as aforesaid, within the Time before limited, or shall omit any Person who ought to have been included therein in pursuance of this Act, or knowingly make any false Return of any Particular required therein, every such Occupier shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds.

[His Majesty may direct Lieutenants of Counties to take measures for giving Notice by Constables and obtaining Returns, 46 G. 3. c. 91. §1.]

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where

any Notice shall be served upon any Occupier being one of the People called Quakers, such Occupier shall, within Seven Days after the Service of such Notice, produce to the Constable or other Officer, a Certificate under the Hands of Two or more reputable Housekeepers being of the People called Quakers, acknowledging such Person to be One of their Persuasion; and that in all such Cases, such Constables or other Officers are hereby required to make Returns of the Persons liable to serve in the Militia, resident in the Houses, Stories or Apartments of such Occupiers so certified to be of the People called Quakers, in the same Manner as is directed by this Act in Cases where Returns are not made to such Notices as aforesaid.

[See § 28. and further as

to Quakers, § 50, 51.]

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Constables, Tyth-ingmen, Headboroughs or other Officers of every Parish, Tything or Place, shall within One Month after having delivered such Notices as aforesaid, make out in every Year a fair and true List in Writing, according to the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked B, of the Names of all the Men usually and at that Time dwelling within the respective Parishes, Tythings and Places, for which they shall respectively act in the Execution of the Provisions of this Act, between the Ages of Eighteen and Forty five Years, as well of those who have not made any Return, or been returned in pursuance of such Notices as aforesaid, as of those who shall have made such Returns or been returned in pursuance thereof, distinguishing their respective Ranks and Occupations, and those who have made Returns to such Notices from those who have neglected to make such Returns (and where the true Names of such Persons cannot be procured, the common Appellation of such Person shall be sufficient), and distinguishing which of the Persons so returned labour under any Infirmity likely to incapacitate them from serving as Militia Men, and which of them claim to be exempt from serving in the Militia, and on what Account, and shall affix a true Copy of every List on the Door of the Church or Chapel belonging to every such Parish, Tything or Place, or (if any Place shall have no Church or Chapel belonging the reto)

on

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 90.

443

on the Door of the Church or Chapel of some Parish or Place thereto adjoining, some One Sunday Morning before they shall make the Return to the Deputy Lieutenants as directed by this Act, which Sunday shall be Three Days at the least before the Meeting of Deputy Lieutenants at which such Return is to be made; and also Notice in Writing at the Bottom of the said Copy of such List of the Day and Plour and Place of Meeting for hearing Appeals under the Act, and that all Persons who shall think themselves aggrieved may then appeal, and that no Appeal will be afterwards received; and shall afterwards make a Return of such List as aforesaid, or a true and exact Copy thereof, to the Deputy Lieutenants of the Subdivision.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, whose Name shall be inserted in an)' List, in pursuance of this Act, shall think himself aggrieved thereby, or by the Omission of any other Name or Names, or shall claim to be exempted from serving in the Militia, it shall be lawful for such Person, and he is hereby required to appeal to the Subdivision Meeting appointed to be held for hearing such Appeals; and any Two or more of the said Deputy Lieutenants are hereby empowered and required to hear and determine all such Appeals, and if the same cannot be heard on the Day first appointed, to adjourn to any other Day or Days; and the Determination of any Two Deputy Lieutenants, if only Two are then and there assembled, or of the major Part of them, if more than Two are assembled, shall be final to all Intents and Purposes; and no Appeal shall be afterwards heard or allowed, or any Exemption whatever claimed or admitted, by or on Behalf of any Person or Persons whatever.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That on the Days and at the

Places so respectively appointed as aforesaid for the Returns of the Lists, the Constables, Tythingmen. Headboroughs or other Officers respectively, shall attend and verify the said Returns upon Oath, and the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any Two or more of them, assembled in their respective Subdivisions, shall, after hearing any Appeals or Claims of Exemption, direct such Lists to be amended as the Case shall require, and shall also direct the Names of all Persons by this Act respectively exempted from serving in the Militia, to be struck out, and the Names of any Persons that shall have been omitted to be inserted; and after amending the said Lists according to this Act, shall appoint the Times and Places for their Second Meetings within their respective Subdivisions, and shall return to the Clerk of the General Meetings, for the Use of the said General Meetings, Certificates under their Hands, in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked C., of the Number of Men in each Parish, Tyt.hing or Place, between the Ages of Eighteen and Forty five Years, distinguishing the Number of Men liable to serve, and also the Number of Men exempt from serving, in each Parish, Tything or Place within the Subdivision; and the same shall be filed by the Clerk for the Use of the General Meeting.

[See § 41.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall, by Gratuity, Gift or Reward, or by Promise thereof, or by any Indemnification, or by Menaces or otherwise, endeavour to prevail on any Chief Constable, Constable, Tythingman, Headborough or

Appeal to Subdivision Meetings.

At Subdivision Meeting, Constables, &c. to verify Lists on Oath; Lists may be amended, Second Meetings appointed, and Certificates in form of Schedule C. returned to the Clerk of the General Meetings,

Persons endeavouring to prevail on Constables, &c. to make false Returns.

444

C. 90.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Penalty 50l. Refusing to tell their Names, &c.

Penalty 101. Deputy Lieutenants may order Attendance of Constables, &c. neglecting to appear, or to return Lists, or being guilty of Fraud, &c.

Imprisonment or Fine.

Two Justices may appoint Deputies to Quakers being Constables, &c. for carrying this Act into Execution.

other Officer, to make a false Return of any List for any Parish, Tything or Place, or to erase or leave out of any such List the Name of any Person who ought to be returned to serve as a Militia Man, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and if any Person shall refuse to tell his Christian and Surname, or shall falsely tell a Christian or Surname, pretending the same to be his true Christian or Surname, or shall refuse to tell the Christian or Surname of any Man lodging or residing within his or her House, or shall knowingly tell any false Name, pretending it to be the true Name of any such Person, to any Constable, Tythingman or other Officer, authorized by this Act to demand the same, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants within any Subdivision, or any Two or more of them, from Time to Time, to issue their Order or Warrant under their Hands and Seals, requiring the Attendance of the Constable, Tythingman, Headborough or other Officer of any Parish, Tything or Place, within such Subdivision, at such Time and Place as in such Order or Warrant shall be expressed; and if any such Constable, Tythingman, Headborough or other Officer shall refuse or neglect to appear according to such Order or Warrant, or if any Chief Constable or other Officer of any Hundred, Rape, Lathe, Wapentake or other Division, or any Constable, Tythingman, Headborough or other Officer of any Parish, Tything or Place, shall refuse or neglect to return any such List as before directed, or to comply with such Orders and Directions as he shall from Time to Time receive from the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any Two or more of them, in pursuance of this Act, or shall, in making such Return, be guilty of any Fraud or wilful Partiality or gross Neglect in his Duty, the said Deputy Lieutenants or any Two or more of them, ar© hereby empowered and required to commit the Person so offending to the common Gaol, there to be kept without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of One Month, or at their Discretion to fine such Person in any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, or less than Forty Shillings.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Chief or other Constable, Headborough, Tythingman or Overseer, shall be of the People called Quakers (and certified to be so by Two Persons of the People called Quakers), and shall neglect or refuse to perform the Duties required by this Act, it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace acting for the Division within which such Quaker shall be such Officer as aforesaid, and they are hereby required, in all Cases where the Circumstances of the Case shall, in their Judgment, render it expedient and necessary for the due Execution of the Provisions of this Act, by their Order, under their Hands and Seals, to appoint a fit and proper Person to be Deputy to such Quaker, for the Purpose only of carrying this Act into Execution; and every Person so appointed Deputy as aforesaid, shall have and exercise all the Powers, Authorities and Jurisdictions given by this Act to such Officer for whom he shall so act, and shall do and perform all the like Duties and Offices under the like Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are hereby imposed for Neglect of Duty of any such Officer as afore-

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 90.

445

said, in like Manner in every respect as the Person for whom he shall so act; and where an Appointment of any Deputy shall be so made, the principal Chief Constable, Headborough, Tything-man or Overseer (being One of the People called Quakers), shall be, and he is hereby discharged from the Performance of any Duty required of him by this Act, and from all Penalties incurred for Neglect thereof after the Time of such Appointment.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants, at their Subdivision Meetings, to add together, whenever they shall think it necessary, any Two or more Parishes or Tythings, or to add any parochial Place or Places to any Parish or Parishes, Tything or Tythings adjoining thereto, for the Purposes of this Act; and also to add together the Lists of such Parishes, Tythings and Places aforesaid, so as to make the Choice of Militia Men by Ballot, within every such Subdivision, as equal and impartial as possible; and where any Parishes, Tythings and Places so added together, shall lie in different Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes or other Divisions within the same County, Riding or Place, to direct in what Hundred, Rape, Lathe, Wapentake or other Division, the same shall be considered for the Purposes of this Act; and the said Deputy Lieutenants shall proceed upon the Lists so added together, in like Manner as if they had been originally returned for One Parish, hr for the Parish to which any extra parochial Place shall have been added as aforesaid; and the Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs or other Officers of Parishes, Tythings and Places so added together, shall act together in the Execution of this Act, as if they were respectively Officers of One and the same Parish or Tything; and all such Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs and Officers so as aforesaid acting together by virtue of this Act, shall hold their Meetings under this Act in the Parish or Tything which shall be named first in such Order of Deputy Lieutenants; and if any Difference or Disagreement shall arise between the Officers of any Parish, Tything. or Place, or between the Officers of different Parishes or Tythings, touching the Execution of this Act, the Deputy Lieutenants acting in and for the Subdivision where Such Difference or Disagreement shall happen, shall at any Subdivision Meeting, and they are hereby authorized to hear and determine the same, and make such Order therein for the better Execution of this Act as to them shall seem meet; and such Orders shall be final and conclusive.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the several Clauses, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things in this Act contained, shall be construed to extend to every extra parochial Place added to any Parish or Tything for the Purposes of this Act, as fully as if the said Directions and Provisions had severally and respectively been expressly applied to extra parochial Places; and where there shall be any extra parochial Place or other Place, wherein no Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs or Overseers of the Poor have been or are appointed, or act, the respective Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish or Parishes, or Tything or Tythings respectively, to which such extra parochial or other Place shall have been added by tke Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, may and shall act

Two or more Places and Lists for them may be added together, and Constables, &c, to act together as Officers of the same Parish.

Deputy Lieutenants may determine Disagreements between Parish Officers.

Act shall extend to extra-parochial Places added to Parishes.

446

C. 90.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

New Rates made for any Parish and extra parochial Place jointly.

Clerks of Subdivision Meetings shall transmit to General Meetings Copies of Rolls, &c.

Penalty 201. Clerks to General Meetings annually to transmit to Privy Council true Returns of Number of Peson9 between the Ages of 18 and 45, &c.

Penalty 1001. Privy Council, by June 25. 1805, and afterwards every 10 Years, to fix Quotas for each Place, and transmit Numbers to County Lieutenants, and publish them in Gazette.

apt as Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs or Overseers of the Poor respectively for such extra parochial or other Place in the Execution of this Act, and may and shall do, perform and execute all such Acts, Matters and Things therein, relating to the Execution of this Act, as fully and amply, and with all such and the like Powers in every Respect, as if such extra parochial or other Place was within and made Part of such Parish or Tything: Provided always, that if any Rate or Rates shall be to be made for any Parish or Parishes, or Tything or Tythings, and any such extra parochial or other Place jointly, such Rate or Rates shall be distinctly made for the Purpose of this Act, and for no other Purpose whatever: Provided also, that every such separate Rate shall and may be made, raised and levied, as well in such extra parochial or other Place, as in any such Parish or Tything aforesaid, in like Manner as any Rate made for the Relief of the Poor.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks of all Subdivision Meetings shall, within Fourteen Days after every Subdivision Meeting, transmit to the Clerk of the General Meetings of the County, Riding or Place, fair and true Copies of such Rolls as shall be signed at such Subdivision Meeting; and if any such Clerk shall omit or neglect to make such Return as aforesaid, within such Period as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully make any false Return, such Clerk *shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks to the General Meetings of Lieutenancy in the several Counties, Ridings and Places required to raise Militia under this Act, shall and they are hereby required to transmit to His Majesty's Privy Council annually, as soon after the Returns of Men shall have been made to the General Meetings as the same can be done, accurate Returns in the Form in the Schedule in this Act annexed, marked D., of the Number of Persons between the Ages of Eighteen and Forty five, distinguishing the Number fit and liable to serve in the Militia for the Counties, Ridings and Places to which they respectively belong, and also the Number therein exempt from serving; and if any such Clerk shall omit or neglect to make such Return to the Privy Council within One Month after the General Meeting of Lieutenancy of the County, Riding or Place to which he shall belong, at which the Returns of Men shall have been laid before such Meeting, or shall knowingly or wilfully make any false Return, such Clerk shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty's Privy Council, and they are hereby required, on or before the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and five, and afterwards, from Time to Time, at the Expiration of every succeeding Period of Ten Years as aforesaid, to take into Consideration the Number of Men fit and liable to serve in the Militia in each County, Riding and Place required by this Act to raise Militia, and forthwith to ascertain, settle and fix the Number of Militia Men, who shall, for the next succeeding Ten Years, serve for each County, Riding and Place aforesaid, as near as may be by the Proportion that the Number of Men fit and liable to serve in each County, Riding and Place, shall bear to the whole

Number

A.D. 1802. 42° GEQ. III.

C. 90.

447

Number of Militia Men by this Act directed to be raised, and shall thereupon transmit the Numbers so fixed and settled as aforesaid, to the respective Lieutenants of the Counties, Ridings and Places aforesaid, and shall cause Notice of the same to be thrice printed in the London Gazette.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That where the Number of Militia Men so fixed and settled for any County, Riding or Place, shall be greater than the former Quota of such County, Riding or Place, then and in every such Case, the Lieutenant for such County, Riding or Place, together with any Two or more Deputy Lieutenants, and on the Death or Removal or in the Absence of the said Lieutenant, any Three or more Deputy Lieutenants shall, at a General Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, appoint what Number of Militia Men shall serve for each respective Plundred, Rape, Lathe, Wapentake or other Division within such County, Riding or Place; and the additional Number of Militia Men to make up the whole Number so fixed and settled as aforesaid shall be provided or chosen in the same Manner as other Militia Men are by this Act to be provided or chosen; and all the additional Men so provided or chosen as aforesaid, or their Substitutes, and also all Volunteers, shall take the Oath by this Act required to be taken, and shall be enrolled, or sign their Consent to serve in the Militia, in such Manner as is directed by this Act, and in case of Refusal, shall be subject to the same Penalties as in like Cases are inflicted by this Act: Provided always, that where the Number of Militia Men so fixed and settled for any County, Riding or Place as aforesaid, shall be less than the former Quota of such County, Riding or Place, then and in every such Case the said Lieutenants, together with any Two or more Deputy Lieutenants, or (on the Death or Removal, or in the Absence of the said Lieutenant) any Three or more Deputy Lieutenants shall, at a General Meeting to be held for that Purpose, dismiss to their own Homes by Ballot, proportionally out of each respective Hundred, Rape, Lathe, Wapentake or other Division, so many Militia Men as shall exceed the Number so fixed and settled as aforesaid; and the several Persons so dismissed as aforesaid, shall remain liable to serve in the Militia, and shall and are hereby required to join any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia serving for the County, Riding or Place, from the Militia of which they shall have been dismissed, whenever called upon so to do, for the Purpose of supplying Vacancies that may arise in the said Militia; and the Names of all the Persons so dismissed as aforesaid shall be entered in a List; and the Deputy Lieutenants shall cause the Men necessary for supplying any Vacancies that may thereafter arise in the Militia of such County, Riding or Place, to be ballotted for out of the Persons contained in any such List as aforesaid, while fit Persons can be found to supply such Vacancies, and so from Time to Time as Occasion shall require, so long as any of the Persons contained in any such List can be found fit to supply such Vacancies as aforesaid; and every Person so ballotted to supply such Vacancy, who shall not be unfit by reason of Sickness or bodily Inability, shall serve in the Militia of such County, Riding or Place upon the Conditions and for the Remainder of the Time for which such Person shall have been engaged to serve in such Militia before he

was

Where Number fixed greater than former Quota, General Meeting to appoint what Number shall be chosen for each Division

and where less, to dismiss the Excess by Ballot proportionally out of each Division.

Men dismissed liable to serve, and a List of their Names made, out of which Vacancies shall be filled up during the Remainder of their Engagement.

448

C. 90.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Future Vacancies.

General Meetings may alter Subdivisions and Allotment of Men in each Division.

A Second Subdivision Meeting, Deputy Lieutenants to appoint Number of Men for each Parish,

&c. and order Notice thereof, and of next Meeting, at which they shall cause th e Persons to be ballotted for, and appoint another Meeting when Persons chosen by Ballot shall attend and take the following

was dismissed as aforesaid; and whenever and as soon as all Persons returned in any such List that can be found fit to supply such Vacancies as aforesaid, shall by Ballot have supplied such Vacancies as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Men necessary for supplying such future Vacancies as may arise in such Militia, shall be raised, chosen and ballotted for in Manner directed by this Act.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenants of any County, Riding or Place, together with any Three or more Deputy Lieutenants, or (on the Death or Removal, or in the Absence of any Lieutenant) any Five or more Deputy Lieutenants may, at any General Meeting holden as before directed, alter the appointed Subdivisions within such County, Riding or Place, if they shall see Occasion, and also may alter the established Allotment of the Number of Men in each respective Hundred, Rape, Lathe, Wapentake or other Division, to serve in the Militia, towards raising the Number of Militia Men by this Act, or by His Majesty's Order in Council, as the Case may be, directed to be raised for such County, Riding or Place, according to the Numbers contained in the respective Certificates received from the several Subdivision Meetings.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the Deputy Lieutenants assembled at their said Second Meeting within any Subdivision as aforesaid, shall appoint what Number of Men shall serve for each Parish, Tything and Place, within such Subdivision, in proportion to the Number last appointed, in the Manner herein-before directed, at a General Meeting, to serve for each Hundred, Rape, Lathe, Wapentake or other Division; and shall appoint another Meeting to be holden within Three Weeks from the Day on which such Meeting was holden within the same Subdivision, and shall issue out an Order to the Chief Constable or other Officers of the respective Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes or other Divisions, requiring them to give Notice to the Constable, Tythingman, Headborough or other Officer of every Parish, Tything or Place within their respective Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes or other Divisions, of the Number of Men so appointed to serve for such Parish, Tything or Place, and of the Time and Place of the next Subdivision Meeting; and the said Deputy Lieutenants or any Two or more of them, assembled in pursuance of such Appointments, shall cause the Number of Men appointed to serve as aforesaid to be chosen by Ballot out of the List returned for every Parish, Tything or Place aforesaid, and shall appoint another Meeting to be holden within Three Weeks in the same Subdivision, and shall issue out an Order to the Chief Constables or other Officers of the respective Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes or other Divisions, to direct the Constable, Tythingman, Head-borough or other Officer of every Parish, Tything or Place, to give Notice to every Man so chosen to serve in the Militia, to appear at such Meeting, which Notice shall be given or left at his Place of Abode at least Seven Days before such Meeting; and such Constable, Tythingman, Headborough or other Officer, shall attend such Meeting, and make such Return upon Oath of the Days when such Notice was served; and every Person so chosen by Ballot shall, upon such Notice, appear at such Meeting, and if

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 90.

449

on Examination found able and fit for the Service, and approved of in Manner herein after directed, shall then and there take the following Oath; (that is to say,)

‘ J A.B.t do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful

and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty King find

‘ that I will faithfully serve in the Militia within Great

‘ for the Defence of the same, during the Time of Five Years, for which I am enrolled, unless I shall be sooner discharged.’

And every such Person shall be then and there enrolled (in a Roll to be then and there prepared for that Purpose), to serve in the Militia of such County, Riding or Place, as a private Militia Man, for the Space of Five Years: Provided always, that if any Person so chosen by Ballot shall produce for his Substitute a Man of the same County, Riding or Place, or of some adjoining Parish or Place whether in the same County or Riding, or not, able and fit for Service, who shall have not more than One Child born in Wedlock, and who shall be examined and approved in Manner herein after directed, such Substitute, so produced and approved, shall be enrolled to serve in the Militia of such County, Riding or Place, as a private Militia Man, for the Space of Five Years, and also for such further Time as the Militia shall remain embodied, if within the Space of Five Years His Majesty shall order and direct the Militia for which such Man is enrolled to be drawn out and embodied as herein after provided; and such Substitute shall take the following Oath:

‘ J A.B.f do sincerely promise and swear That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty King George; and that I will faithfully serve in the Militia within Great, for the Defence of the same, during the Time of Five Years, or for such further Time as the Militia shall remain embodied, if within the Space of Five Years His Majesty shall order and direct the

Militia to be drawn out and embodied, unless I shall be sooner

discharged.’ (a) (a) {Other, 57 3. 118. $2.]

And any Person so chosen by Ballot, for whom such Substitute shall have been so produced, approved, enrolled and sworn as aforesaid, shall be exempt from Service in the Militia, in the same Manner as if he himself had served according to the Directions of this Act.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, Tything or Place, shall, with the Consent of the Inhabitants taken at a Vestry, or at any other Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, for the calling of which Vestry or Meeting Three Days publick Notice shall be given, specifying the Cause of calling such Vestry or Meeting, provide and produce to the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any Two or more of them, at any Subdivision Meeting for choosing the Militia Men by Ballot, any Volunteer or Volunteers, who shall be examined and approved as is herein after mentioned, such Volunteer or Volunteers so examined and approved shall be then and there sworn in and enrolled to serve for such Term, and on the same Conditions, as is herein-before provided in case of Substitutes produced by Persons chosen by Ballot; and the said Deputy Lieutenants

Oath

[of Militia Men.]

and be enrolled for Five Years; but may produce Substitutes, who if approved, shall be enrolled, and take the following

Oath

[of Substi tutes.]

Volunteers may be received with the Consent of the Inhabitants of any Place, and a Rate established for paying them Bounties, not exceeding 61. each.

450

C. 90.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Persons having served by themselves or Substitutes not liable to Rates. Appeals.

Persons exempted.

Lieutenants shall cause only such Number of Persons to be chosen by Ballot out of the List returned for such Parish, Tything or Place, as shall be then wanted to make up the whole Number to serve for such Parish, Tything or Place; and if any such Churchwardens or Overseers shall give to such Volunteer or Volunteers any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six Pounds each, to serve in the Militia for such Parish, Tything or Place, it shall be lawful for such Churchwardens or Overseers to make a Rate upon the Inhabitants of such Parish, Tything or Place, according to the Rate then made for the Relief of the Poor (a), which Rate (being approved by any Justice of the Peace), it shall be lawful for such Churchwardens or Overseers to collect, and to reimburse themselves such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall have paid to such Volunteer or Volunteers as aforesaid, and the Overplus (if any) shall be applied as Part of the Poors’ Rate; and if any Person shall refuse to pay such Rate, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, upon Complaint thereof made by any such Churchwarden or Overseer, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels (b), returning the Overplus (if any) after the said Rate, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale shall be paid; but no Person chosen by Ballot, who shall have served in the Militia, either by himself or by Substitute, according to the Directions of this Act, or any other Act or Acts, or who shall be then serving himself or by Substitute, shall be liable to pay any such Rate: Provided always, that if any Person shall think himself aggrieved by any such Rate as aforesaid, such Person may appeal to the next General or Quarter Sessions, in like Manner as is provided in the Case of Appeals against Rates for the Relief of the Poor. (a) [ See § 12 2.post.'](6) [See as to, § 51

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That no Peer of this Realm, nor any Person being a commissioned Officer in His Majesty's other Forces, or in any One of His Majesty's Castles or Forts, nor any Officer on the Half Pay of the Navy, Army or Marines, nor any noncommissioned Officer or private Man serving in any of His Majesty's other Forces, nor any commissioned Officer serving, or who has served Four Years in the Militia, nor any Person being a Resident Member of either of the Universities, nor any Clergyman, nor any Teachers, licensed within the County, Riding or Place, to teach in some separate Congregation, whose Place of Meeting shall have been duly registered within Twelve Months (c) previous to the General Meeting appointed to meet in October for the Purposes of this Act, nor any Constable or other Peace Officer, nor any articled Clerk, Apprentice, Seaman or Seafaring Man, nor any Person mustered, trained or doing Duty, or employed in any of His Majesty's Docks or Dock Yards for the Service thereof, or employed and mustered in His Majesty's Service in the Tower of London, Woolwich Warren, the several Gun Wharfs at Portsmouth, or at the several Powder Mills, Powder Magazines or other Storehouses belonging to His Majesty, under Bie Direction of the Board of Ordnance, nor any Person being iree of the Company of Watermen of the River, nor any poor Man

who has more than One Child born in Wedlock, shall be liable to

(c) [Licenced 12 Months at the least, 43 3. 10.]

serve

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 90.

451

serve personally, or provide a Substitute to serve in the Militia; and no Person having served personally or by Substitute, according to the Directions of any former Act or Acts relating to the Militia, or under this Act, shall be obliged to serve again, until by Rotation it shall come to his Turn; but no Person who has served only as a Substitute or Volunteer in the Militia, shall by such Service be exempted from serving again, if he shall be chosen by Ballot.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if through the Neglect or Mistake of any Chief Constables, Constables or other Officers, or from anj^ other Cause, the full Number of Men appointed for any Subdivision should not be duly enrolled at the Meeting appointed for that Purpose as before directed, then the Deputy Lieutenants at their said Meeting, or any Two or more of them, may and they are hereby required immediately to cause the Lists to be amended, and to proceed to a fresh Ballot, and to adjourn their Meeting or appoint other Meetings, and repeat the amending of the Lists as may be necessary and expedient for carrying the Purposes of this Act duly and fully into Execution; and it shall be lawful for any One Deputy Lieutenant to administer the Oath herein-before required to be taken by Persons to serve in the Militia, to any Person ballotted, or to any Person offering as a Volunteer under the Directions of this Act, or to any Person who being qualified as this Act requires shall offer to serve as a Substitute, such ballotted Man, Volunteer or Substitute, having been duly examined and approved as is herein after mentioned; and such Deputy Lieutenant is hereby authorized to direct and require the Clerk of the Subdivision for which every such Person by whom the said Oath has been before him taken is to serve, to enrol the Name of every such Person so having been duly examined and approved as aforesaid, together with the Date of the Day on which the said Oath was so administered to him, in the Roll of such Subdivision.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person chosen by Ballot, according to the Directions of this Act, to serve in the Militia (not being One of the People called Quakers) (a), shall refuse or neglect to appear and take the said Oath, and serve in the Militia or to provide a Substitute, to be examined and approved as herein after mentioned, who shall take the said Oath, and sign his Consent to serve as a Substitute, every such Person so refusing or neglecting, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, and at the Expiration of Five Years be again liable to serve or provide a Substitute; and in Default of Payment of such Penalty, or for Want of sufficient Effects whereon to levy the same, the Name of such Person shall be entered on the Roll, and such Person shall be delivered over to some proper Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps for which he was ballotted, and shall be compelled to serve for such Term, to be computed from the Time of his being apprehended, as any other Person who should be then ballotted for would be compellable to serve, and shall be subject to the same Punishments for afterwards absconding or deserting, as he would have been subject to in case he had appeared and been duly sworn and enrolled as a Militia Man.

(a) [vis to Substitutes for, see § 50. postJ]

Substitutes or

Volunteers

liable.

Deputy Lieutenants may amend Lists, and proceed, when necessary/ to a fresh Ballot;—

One Deputy Lieutenant may administer Oaths, &c.

and order Men to be enrolled.

Persons chosen (except Quakers) not appearing, & c.

Penalty 101.

In Default of Payment, compelled to serve.

452

C. 90.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

New Lists shall be made out if any are lost.

Persons chosen to serve though they remove j and having more than One Residence to serve where first inserted in List.

Persons to serve for County where Parish Church situate.

Persons fraudulently bound Apprentices liable to serve.

Penalty on Master 101.

Two Deputy Lieutenants may provide Substitutes for Quakers, and levy the Expences by Distress, &c. or commit the Defaulter.

XLVI. And be it farther enacted, That if the List of any Parish, Tything or Place shall be lost or destroyed, it shall be lawful for the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any Two or more of them, to cause a new List in such Parish, Tything or Place to be made and returned to them, at their next Subdivision Meeting, in the same Manner as the List lost or destroyed was made, and ought to have been returned to them by Direction of the General Meeting.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That every Person chosen by Ballot to serve in the Militia, shall be liable to such Service, although he may have removed from the Place where his Name was inserted in the List, provided he was residing in such Place at the Time when the List was, according to the Directions of this Act, prepared; and every Person liable to serve in the Militia, having more than One Place of Residence, shall serve for the County, Riding or Place, where his Name shall have been first inserted in such List as aforesaid, and the Clerk to the Subdivision Meeting to which such List shall be returned shall, if such Person requires the same, grant a Certificate gratis under his Hand, that such Person’s Name was inserted in such List, and specifying the Time when such List was made and returned.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Parish shall lie in Two or more Counties or Ridings, the Inhabitants of such Parish shall serve in the Militia of the County or Riding wherein the Church belonging to such Parish is situated; and that such Parish shall, for all the Purposes of this Act, be deemed Part of such County or Riding.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Two or more Deputy Lieutenants shall at any of their Subdivision Meetings receive Information, or shall suspect that any Person whose Name is inserted in any List, and described as an Apprentice, has been fraudulently bound Apprentice, in order to avoid serving in the Militia, it shall be lawful for them to make Inquiry thereof, and to summon such Persons as they shall think necessary to appear before them, at such Time and Place as they shall appoint, and to examine such Persons upon Oath; and in case it shall appear that such Binding was fraudulent, in order to avoid serving in the Militia, it shall be lawful for such Deputy Lieutenants to appoint such Person so fraudulently bound Apprentice to serve as a Militia Man for the Parish, Tything or Place for which such List shall have been returned, if there shall be a Vacancy, and if there shall be no Vacancy at that Time, then upon the first Vacancy that shall happen; and the Person to whom such Apprentice shall have been so bound shall, for such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, being One of the People called Quakers, shall be chosen by Ballot to serve in the Militia, and shall refuse or neglect to appear, and to take the Oath and serve in the Militia, or to provide a Substitute of the same County, Riding or Place, or of some adjoining Parish or Place, to be examined and approved as herein after directed, who shall take the said Oath, and subscribe his Consent to serve as the Substitute of such Quaker, then and in every such Case, any Two or more Deputy Lieutenants shall, if they shall think proper, upon

as

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 90.

453

as reasonable Terms as may be, provide and hire a fit Person of the same County, Riding or Place, or of some adjoining Parish or Place, to serve as a Substitute for such Quaker; and such Substitute shall, after being duly examined and approved, take the said Oath, and subscribe his Consent to serve in the Militia, for the same Term and on the same Conditions as is herein-before directed in the Case of Substitutes produced by Persons chosen by Ballot; and any Two or more Deputy Lieutenants may and are hereby authorized, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to levy by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Quaker, such Sum of Money as shall be necessary to defray the Expence of providing and hiring such Substitute, rendering to such Quaker the Overplus (if any), after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale; and if no Goods or Chattels belonging to such Quaker can be found sufficient to levy such Distress, and it shall nevertheless appear satisfactorily to such Deputy Lieutenants that such Quaker is of sufficient Ability to pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, then it shall be lawful for such Deputy Lieutenants to commit such Quaker to the Common Gaol, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of Three Months, or until he shall have paid such Sum of Money as such Deputy Lieutenants shall have agreed to pay to such Substitute as aforesaid; and in case any Measures shall be used in making Distress as aforesaid, which may be by any such Quaker thought oppressive, it shall be lawful for such Quaker to complain to the Deputy Lieutenants at their next Meeting, who are hereby empowered and required to hear and finally determine the same.

LI. And be it further enacted, That where any Rate shall have been made for the providing of Volunteers according to the Directions of this Act, and the Churchwardens and Overseers shall make Complaint to a Justice of the Peace, that any Quaker or Quakers had refused to pay the Sum or Sums of Money he or they shall be rated at, such Justice shall order such Costs and Charges to be paid for levying such Distress as he shall think reasonable, not exceeding Ten Shillings on each of the said Quakers where there are no more than Two, and where there are a greater Number than Two, not exceeding Five Shillings on each of the said Quakers: Provided always, that no Man shall be deemed, taken and accepted to be a Quaker within the Meaning of this Act, unless he shall produce, before the Deputy Lieutenants at some of their Subdivision Meetings, a Certificate under the Hands of Two or more reputable Housekeepers being of the People called Quakers, resident within the said County, Riding or Place, and dated within the Three Months immediately preceding the Day on which it shall be produced as aforesaid, acknowledging such Man to be One of their Persuasion.

LII. And be it further enacted, That no Man shall be approved or enrolled to serve in the Militia under this Act, either as a ballotted Man or as a Substitute or Volunteer, until he shall have been carefully examined by some Surgeon of competent Skill, and shall have been declared and reported by such Surgeon to be neither ruptured, lame, maimed nor afflicted with any Disorder that may render him unfit, to serve, but to be in every respect able and fit for Service; and the Deputy Lieutenants assembled at their Sub-

42 Geo. III. H h division

Appeal to Deputy Lieutenants at next Meeting.

Justices may order Costs of Distress on Quakers for Rates for providing Volunteers.

No Person to be deemed a Quaker, unless he produce a Certificate.

[See § 27.]

No Man enrolled until examined and approved by a Surgeon.

4,54s

Surgeonrs M~ lowance.

Two Deputy Lieutenants may discharge Persons chosen, in cases here mentkawed

Others chosen.

Deputy Lieutenants to Class Men enrolled, and make out a List, a Copy of which Subdivision Clerk to transmit to Clerk of General Meetings to be entered.

Men becoming unfit may be discharged; but if by Commanding offi-

ce 90. 4*2° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

division Meetings or any two Deputy Lieutenants shall in all Cases, before they proceed to enrol any Man for the Militia, cause such Examination to be carefully made; and it shall fee lawful for the said Deputy Lieutenants and they are hereby empowered and directed to require the Attendance of any Surgeon of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of the Militia of the County, Riding or Place fox which any Man is to be enrolled if any such Surgeon is within a reasonable Distance and can conveniently fee had, or otherwise to require the Attendance of any other competent Surgeon for that Purpose.; and a reasonable Allowance not exceeding Ten Shillings (a) shall be made to the Surgeon performing such Examination for every Day fee shall actually attend for that Purpose, and shall be paid to him in like Manner as Allowances are by this Act directed to be made and paid to Subdivision Clerks.

(a) [One Guinea 53 G- 3. c. 81. §2. See 55G. 3. c. 65- § 8.]

Dill. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall appear to any Two or more Deputy Lieutenants assembled at any Subdivision Meeting, that any Person chosen by Ballot to serve in the Militia is not of the full Height of Five Feet Four Inches (6), or is not approved upon Examination by a Surgeon according to the Directions of this Act, and is not seised or possessed of an Estate in Land, Goods or Money of the clear Value of One hundred Pounds, and who shall make Oath that he is not seised or possessed of* such Estate, such Deputy Lieutenants shall and are hereby empowered and required to discharge such Person, and immediately to amend the List for the Place for which such Person shall have been ballotted, and to cause another Person to be chosen in his stead by Ballot, according to the Directions of this Act.

(6) [Five Feet Tvoo Inches, 55 3. c. 65. § 10., but xofoich is repealed, 56 G. 3. c. 64*. § 2.]

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the Deputy Lieutenants in their several Subdivisions shall, as soon as they shall have enrolled the Number of Men required in their Subdivision, divide the Men so enrolled into as many Classes of the Description herein after mentioned as shall be found among such Men; (that is to say,) in the First Class they shall put all the Men under Thirty Years of Age and having no Child or Children living; and in the Second Class all the Men above Thirty Years of Age having no Child or Children living; and in the Third Class all the Men not having any Child or Children living under the Age of Fourteen Years; and in the Fourth Class all the Men having any Child or Children, One of whom only shall be under the Age of Fourteen Years; and in the last Class all the Men not included in any of the former Descriptions; and shall forthwith make out a List of such Classes according to the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (E.), and within Three Days after the completing thereof, the Clerk of such Subdivision Meeting shall transmit to the Clerk to the General Meetings an exact and true Copy of such List made out in such Form as aforesaid, to be by him entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose.

LV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Militia Man, after having been sworn and enrolled, shall become unfit for Service, it shall be lawful for the Colonel or other Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which such Militia Man shall

belong,

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 90.

4

belong, together with any Two or more Deputy Lieutenants of the cfr only> D«-

County, Riding or Place to which such Regiment, Battalion or

Corps belongs, if the said Regiment, Battalion or Corps shall then Two Deputy.

be within the said County, Riding or Place, or for the Colonel or Lieutenant*.

other Commandant only, if the said Regiment, Battalion or Corps

shall be absent therefrom, to discharge such Militia Man from his

Regiment, Battalion or Corps; but another Man shall not be

ballotted for in the Room of such Militia Man so discharged, until

such Discharge shall be confirmed under the Hands of Two or

more Deputy Lieutenants of the County, Riding or Place to

which such Regiment, Battalion or Corps belongs, assembled at

any Meeting in the Subdivision for which such Militia Man was

enrolled, or at any General Meeting for the County, Riding or

Place as aforesaid.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That when any private Militia ^"c'|8cb/0 Man shall, before the Expiration of the Term for which he was ^filled up by to serve, die or be appointed a Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer in a ft-eslx Ballot, the Militia, or be discharged in Manner aforesaid as unfit for Service in pursuance of the Sentence of a Court Martial, the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which such private Man shall belong, shall certify the Vacancy occasioned by such Death, Appointment or Discharge (as the Case may be), to the Clerk to the General Meetings, who shall forthwith transmit the said Certificate to the Deputy Lieutenants of the Subdivision for which such private Man shall have been enrolled; and such Vacancy shall be filled up by a fresh Ballot for a Militia Man to serve according to the Provisions of this Act.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any private No Ballot on Militia Man shall be appointed a Non Commissioned Officer or ^d^Non^ Drummer in any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, in the Commissioned Room of any Non Commissioned Officer or Drummer reduced to Officer in the Ranks, no Ballot shall take place in the Parish or Place for Room of One which such private Man so appointed was then serving in conse- reduced, quence of any Vacancy occasioned by such Appointment, until the Non Commissioned Officer or Drummer so reduced shall have obtained his Discharge.

[Where a Man

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That where in any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia in which any private Man shall Room^of be appointed a Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer in consequence of One appointed any Vacancy occasioned by the Death or Discharge of any Non Serjeant,&c. Commissioned Officer or Drummer, the Parish or Place for which Sessions may such private Militia Man was then serving shall find and provide or<ier a Sum to another Man in his stead, it shall be lawful for any Two Deputy Lieutenants acting for the Subdivision wherein such Parish or Rates in Aid of Place shall be situate, to certify the same to the Justices of the the Poor’s Rate* Peace assembled at the next General or Quarter Sessions of the of the Place. Peace held for the same County, Riding or Place, and the said Justices shall at such Sessions order a Sum of Money not exceeding the average Price paid for a Substitute or Volunteer in such Parish or Place or any adjoining Parish or Place, to be paid out of the County Rates to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish or Place which shall find and provide another Man as aforesaid, whether such Man shall serve personally or by

456

Deputy Lieutenants, on Certificate of Death, Promotion, &c. to supply Vacancies.

How Men supplied in Room of those whose Terms-of - Service will expire before Nov. 20. in each Year.

Enrolment of Servants not to vacate their Contracts with their Masters, unless Militia shall be embodied, &c.

Disputes touching Wages or Abatements thereof, under 201. maybe

c. 90. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Substitute, audio be applied in Aid of the Poor’s Rates in such Parish or Place.

LIX. And be it farther enacted, That whenever any Certificate, signed by the Colonel or other Commandant of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, shall be transmitted to the Deputy-Lieutenant of the Subdivision for which any private Militia Man shall have been enrolled, of any such private Militia Man having died or been appointed a Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer in the Militia, or been discharged as being unfit for Service in Manner aforesaid, or in pursuance of the Sentence of a Court Martial, such Deputy Lieutenants shall and are hereby required to cause such Vacancy to be filled up by Ballot immediately after the -Receipt of such Certificate, except in such Cases as are in this Act excepted.

LX. And be it further enacted, That any Two or more of the Deputy Lieutenants, at their several Subdivision Meetings, shall and they are hereby required to ballot for Militia Men, in the Room of all Militia Men actually serving, whose Terms of Service will expire before the Twentieth Day of November then next ensuing the holding of such Subdivision Meetings, and shall at a following Meeting to be holden as soon as conveniently may be, proceed to enrol the said ballotted Men or their Substitutes as aforesaid; and the commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps is hereby empowered, from Time to Time, to discharge any Man of his Regiment, Battalion or Corps, whose Time of Service will expire before the Twentieth Day of November then next ensuing, and to receive any other Militia Man in his Room who shall have taken the Oath and been enrolled according to the Directions of this Act; and every such- Man so discharged, if serving for himself, shall be entitled to the same Immunity from further Service as if he had served his full Term; and if any such Man so discharged was serving as a Substitute, then the Person for whom he served shall be entitled to the like Immunity as aforesaid.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Servant whatever, hired by the Year or otherwise, shall be enrolled as a Militia Man by virtue of this Act, such Enrolment shall not vacate or rescind the Contract or alter the Engagement between such Servant and his Master or Mistress, or Employer or Employers, unless the Militia of the County, Riding or Place for which such Servant shall be enrolled shall be embodied or called out by His Majesty or ordered so to be in pursuance of this Act, or unless such Person so enrolled shall leave the Service of his Master or Mistress, Employer or Employers, for the Purpose of being trained and exercised for the Space of Twenty one Days in pursuance of this Act, and shall not return again to the same Service at the End of such Twenty one Days or as soon after as reasonably may be, allowing to his Master, Mistress, or Employer or Employers an Abatement from his Wages in proportion to the Duration of his Absence from his said Service, to be settled by a Justice of the Peace in the Manner herein after mentioned; and in every such Case where any Dispute shall arise between such Servant and his Master or Mistress, or Employer or Employers, touching any Sum or Sums of Money due to such Servant or or on account of his

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 90.

Service performed before the Time of his Departure from Service, under the Conditions of the said Enrolment, or by being called out to join the Militia in which he shall have been so enrolled, or touching any Abatement to be made by such Servant by reason of his Absence for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, it shall and may be lawful, on Complaint made thereof to any Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, City, Liberty, Town Corporate or Place where such Master or Mistress, or Employer or Employers, shall inhabit, for such Justice to hear and determine every such Complaint, and to examine upon Oath every such Servant or any other Witness or Witnesses touching the same, and to make such Order for the Payment of so much Wages to such Servant in Proportion to the Service he has. performed, or such Abatement from his Wages in Proportion to the Duration of his Absence from his Service as the Case may require, and as to such Justice shall seem just and reasonable, provided the Sum in question do not exceed the Siam of Twenty Pounds; and in case of Refusal or Non Payment of any Sums so ordered to be paid by the Space of Twenty one Days next after such Determination, such Justice may and shall issue forth his Warrant to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Master or Mistress, or Employer or Employers, rendering the Overplus to the Owner or Owners, after Payment of the Charges of such Distress and Sale.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall receive Money from any other Person to serve as his Substitute in the Militia, or from any Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor to serve as a Volunteer as aforesaid, and shall neglect to appear at the usual Meeting appointed for swearing in the Militia Men, or before some One Deputy Lieutenant in order to be sworn according to the Directions of this Act, being convicted thereof before any Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace, shall be obliged to return the Money to the Person or Persons from whom he received it, and shall forfeit and pay to such Person or Persons any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Twenty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace before whom he shall be so convicted; and if such Offender shall not immediately return the Money so by him received as aforesaid and likewise pay the said Penalty, he shall be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for Fourteen Days, or until the said Sum shall be returned.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person chosen by Ballot to serve in the Militia shall have engaged any other Person to serve as his Substitute, or if any Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor shall have engaged any Person to serve as a Volunteer as aforesaid, and the Person so chosen by Ballot, or such Churchwardens or Overseers, shall have agreed to pay to the Person so engaged a certain Sum for such Service, it shall be lawful for Two Deputy Lieutenants or any-one Justice of the Peace when the Militia of the County, Riding or Place for which such Substitute or Volunteer shall be enrolled shall not be embodied, and they and he are and is hereby required, after such Substitute or Volunteer has been' examined by a Surgeon and approved according to the Directions of this Act,-and enrolled by the Deputy Lieutenants in

457

settled by One Justice, and the Sum levied by Distress, c.

Substitutes, or Volunteers not appearing to be sworn to return the Bounty, and

[Penalty.]

How Two Deputy Lieutenants or a Justice may order the Money agreed to be given to a Substitute or Volunteer, to be paid him.

458

C. 90.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

[20 G, 2. c. 19.]

Penalty on Clerk for Neglect, 20l.

Enlistment of Militia Man into the Standing Army void. SuchMen offering to enlist.

Punishment.

pursuance thereof, to order such Sum of Money as shall appear to them or him to be due to the Substitute or Volunteer so engaged, to be immediately paid to him on such Enrolment by the Person or Persons by or for whom he shall be engaged to serve as aforesaid; and in every Case where the Militia shall be embodied at the Time of such Enrolment, it shall be lawful for the said Deputy Lieutenants or Justice to direct any Sum not exceeding One Half Part of the said Sum of Money so engaged to be given as aforesaid to be paid to him forthwith, or to be advanced to such Person or to such of his Family, and in such Proportions, as he shall request at the Time of such Enrolment, and the remaining Part thereof to be paid to and received by the Clerk of the Subdivision Meeting, who shall thereupon forthwith remit the same to the Paymaster or Battalion Clerk of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia to which such Substitute or Volunteer shall be sent as a Militia Man, to be retained by him until such Substitute or Volunteer shall have joined such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, and been approved at Head Quarters as fit to serve, and then to be paid or accounted for to such Substitute or Volunteer; and if he shall not join or be approved of, then such Money shall remain in the Hands of such Paymaster, to be afterwards applied in like Manner to the Payment of some other Substitute or Volunteer, in lieu of the One for whom such Money shall have been remitted as aforesaid; and such Deputy Lieutenants or Justice shall proceed therein for enforcing the Payment of every such Sum of Money, in such and the like Manner in every respect, and by all such and the like Powers and Authorities as is and are directed by and contained in an Act of the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for the better adjusting and more easy Recovery of the Wages of certain Servants, and for the better regulating of such Servants and of certain Apprentices; and if any such Subdivision Clerk shall omit or neglect to remit such Money within One Week after the same shall have been paid to him as aforesaid, such Clerk shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Officer, Serjeant, or other Person, shall at any Time wilfully and knowingly enlist any Man to serve in His Majesty's other Forces, who at the Time of such enlisting shall be enrolled or engaged to serve in the Militia, every such enlisting shall be deemed null and void; and in case any Militia Man at the Time of offering to enlist as aforesaid shall deny to the Officer, Serjeant or other Person recruiting for Men to enlist and serve in His Majesty's other Forces, that he is (at the Time of his offering to enlist) a Militia Man then actually enrolled and engaged to serve (which the said Officer, Serjeant or other Person is hereby required to ask every Man offering to enlist in His Majesty's other Forces); or shall offer himself to be enrolled and serve in any other Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, every Militia Man so offending shall, on Conviction thereof upon the Oath of One Witness before any One Justice of the Peace, be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for and during any Time not exceeding Six Months, over and above any Penalty or Punishment to which

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 90. 459

such Person so offending is or shall be otherwise liable; and every Person so offending, from the Day on which his Engagement to serve in the Militia shall end, and not sooner, shall belong as a Soldier to the Corps of His Majesty's other Forces into which he shall have been so enlisted; and if any Officer or other Person shall enlist any Man belonging to the Militia to serve in His Majesty's other Forces, knowing him to belong to the Militia, or without asking him if he belongs to the Militia, every such Officer, Serjeant or other Person, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any Person actually serving in any of His Majesty's other Forces shall offer himself to serve and he enrolled as a Substitute in the Militia, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay to the Person informing of such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds, or be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for any Time not exceeding Three Months.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall give Orders to any Serjeant, Drummer or other Person serving in the Militia, to beat up in any City, Town or Place, for Volunteers to serve in the Militia, the Person who shall give such Orders shall, upon Proof thereof and of such beating up as aforesaid, upon Oath before any Justice of the Peace, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, One Moiety whereof shall be applied to the Use of the Person who shall make Information thereof before any Justice of the Peace; and if such Serjeant, Drummer or other Person shall refuse to declare upon Oath before such Justice from whom he received such Orders, it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby-required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Serjeant, Drummer or other Person, to the House of Correction for any Time not exceeding Three Months.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Money arising by Penalties incurred for refusing to serve in the Militia, or to find Substitutes to serve in their Room, shall be applied by any Two or more Deputy Lieutenants, within their respective Subdivisions, in providing Substitutes for the Persons who have paid such Penalties, which Substitutes shall be examined, approved, sworn in, and enrolled to serve for the same Term, in the same Manner, and on the same Conditions as is herein-before provided in the Case of Substitutes provided by Persons chosen by Ballot; and if any Surplus shall remain, the same shall be paid to the Colonels or other Commandants of the respective Regiments, Battalions or Corps in which such Persons ought to have served as Militia Men, and be applied as Part or Return of the Regimental Stock; and the Return of the Amount of such Penalties, with the Names of Persons paying the same, shall be transmitted by the Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings, to the Clerks of the General Meetings.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases in the Execution of this Act, when any Matter or Thing is directed to be inquired of or examined into, upon the Oath of any Witness or Witnesses, before any Lieutenant of any County, or any Deputy Lieutenant or Lieutenants, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, any such Lieutenant, Deputy Lieutenant or Lieutenants, or Justice or Justices of the Peace, is or are hereby authorized to administer such Oath to any Witness or Witnesses; and that all

Officer, &c. enlisting such Men.

Penalty 20l. Soldiers offering to serve as Substitutes in Militia. Penalty lOl.

Serjeants, &c. of the Militia beating up for Volunteers.

Penalty 20l.

Application of Penalties for refusing to serve, &c.

Returns made of Penalties, &c.

County Lieutenants, &c. authorized to administer Oaths.

460

C. 90.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802

How Regiments of Militia formed and officered.

Supernumerary Officers may be appointed for Artillery.

How Independent Companies formed, &c.

other Oaths to be taken in pursuance of this Act, shall and may be respectively administered by any Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenant.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Militia of the several Counties, Ridings and Places aforesaid, shall be formed into Companies which shall not consist of more than One hundred and twenty, nor of less than Sixty private Men, and that to each of such Companies there shall be One Captain, and One Lieutenant and One Ensign; and that where the Number of Men raised for any County, Riding or Place, is sufficient, the Militia thereof shall be formed into One or more Regiments, consisting of not more than Twelve nor of less than Eight such Companies; and where the Number of Men raised in any County, Riding or Place, is not sufficient to form a Regiment, the Militia thereof shall -be formed into a Battalion, consisting of not more than Seven nor of less than Four such Companies; and where the Number of Men raised in any County, Riding or Place, is not sufficient to form a Battalion of Four such Companies the Militia thereof shall be formed into a Corps, consisting of not less than Three such Companies; and that the Field Officers of such Regiments, Battalions and Corps respectively, shall in no Case exceed the respective Numbers and Ranks following; (that is to sajq) in every Regiment consisting of not less than Eight hundred private Men, One Colonel, One Lieutenant Colonel and Two Majors; in every Regiment or Battalion consisting of not less than Four hundred and eighty private Men, One Colonel, One Lieutenant Colonel and One Major; and in every Battalion consisting of less than Four hundred and eighty private Men, One Lieutenant Colonel, and One Major; and in every Corps consisting of Three Companies, One Lieutenant Colonel or Major, and no other Field Officer: Provided always, that no Colonel or Field Officer in the Militia shall be a Captain of a Company: Provided also, that every Battalion consisting of Five Companies or upwards may have One Company of Grenadiers or Light Infantry, to which Two Lieutenants shall be appointed instead of One Lieutenant and One Ensign; and that every Regiment may have One Company of Grenadiers and One Company of Light Infantry, to each of which Companies Two Lieutenants shall be appointed instead of One Lieutenant and One Ensign: Provided also, that to every Company consisting of Ninety private Men and upwards, their may be Two Lieutenants and One Ensign, or Three Lieutenants, as the Case may be.

LXIX. Provided always, That if His Majesty shall at any Time direct that any Proportion of the said Militia shall be trained and exercised to the service of any Artillery that may be attached to any Regiment or Battalion, it shall and may be lawful for Flis Majesty to direct that a Supernumerary Officer or Officers of the said Regiment or Battalion, of such Rank as Flis Majesty shall order, and being duly qualified as aforesaid, shall be appointed to and for the said Men so directed to be trained and exercised as aforesaid.

LXX. And be it further enacted, that in the several Counties, Ridings and Places, where the Number of Militia Men shall not be sufficient to form a Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Four Companies, according to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, the

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 90.

461

Militia of such Counties, Hidings and Places, shall be formed into Independent Companies, each Company to consist of One hundred and twenty private Men at the most, and Sixty private Men at the least, with One Captain, and One Lieutenant and One Ensign, to each Company; and that His Majesty may, whenever he thinks proper, order any Number of such Independent Companies of the Militia, of different Counties, Ridings or Places, to be joined together to form a Regiment, Battalion or Corps as aforesaid, or to be incorporated with any other Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia: Provided always, that the Number of Companies in any such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, be not thereby made to exceed the Number of Companies of which a Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, is herein-before directed to consist.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, in every Case for which no special Provision is made by this Act, to cause the Militia, of any County, Riding or Place, to be formed and regulated in such Manner as to His Majesty shall seem meet, in regard to the Number of Regiments, Battalions or Corps, or to the uniting any Number of Companies of Militia of any Counties, Ridings or Places, not having respectively a sufficient Number of Men to form a distinct Battalion or Corps of Three Companies for each, conforming in every Case as near as the Proportions of Men will admit, to the Establishment with respect to Regiments, Battalions, Corps and Companies in this Act particularly directed.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant of any County, Riding or Place, to Act as Commandant of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia for such County, Riding or Place, for and during such Time as there shall not be any Colonel or other Commandant appointed to such Regiment, Battalion or Corps; but no such Lieutenant shall at any One Time act as Commandant of more than One Body of Militia, whether Regiment, Battalion, or Corps; and where the Lieutenant of any County, Riding or Place, shall take the Command of any Militia of the said County, Riding or Place, not being according to the Provisions of this Act sufficient to form a Regiment or Battalion to be commanded by a Colonel, such Lieutenant shall notwithstanding be entitled to the Rank of Colonel, unless such Militia shall be united with the Militia of any other County, Riding or Place as aforesaid: Provided always, that no such Lieutenant shall, in virtue or by reason of any such Command as aforesaid, receive any greater Pay than the proper Commandant of such Corps would be entitled to.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That when a Battalion of Militia is commanded by a Lieutenant Colonel, who shall have been Commandant of the same for Five Years or longer while embodied, it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant of the County, Riding or Place to which such Battalion shall belong, with the Approbation of His Majesty, to give to such Lieutenant Colonel Commandant a Commission of Colonel.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in any County, Riding or Place, where the Number of private Men is sufficient to form a Battalion of less than Four hundred and eighty private Men, but not

His Majesty may in certain Cases use his Discretion in ordering Militia to be formed and regulated.

How County Lieutenants may act as Commandants of the Militia.

How Lieutenant Colonel may be appointed Colonel.

How Militia is to be officered, where Numbers are

462

C. 90.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

not sufficient for a Regiment.

Rank of Officers accepting Commissions in any other Regiment of Militia.

When a Commandant shall be absent from Great Britain, His Majesty may direct the Officer next in Command to act, who shall have the same Powers till the Commandant return and notify his Arrival to Clerk of the Peace.

not less than Three hundred and sixty private Men, it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant of such County, Riding or Place, to appoint Three Persons, qualified according to the Directions of this Act, to serve with the Rank of Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel and Major, but with no higher Pay than if they were appointed Lieutenant Colonel, Major and Captain respectively; and where the Number of private Men shall be sufficient to form Three Companies of Sixty private Men at the least, but not sufficient to form Four Companies as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Lieutenant to appoint Two Persons, qualified as aforesaid, to serve with the Rank of Lieutenant Colonel and Major respectively, but that only One of them shall be entitled to any higher pay than that of Captain; and where the Number of private Militia Men is not sufficient to form more than Two Companies of Sixty private Men at the least, the eldest Captain shall serve with the Rank of Major, but shall only be entitled to the Pay of Captain.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That every Officer of any Militia Regiment, Battalion or Corps, being duly qualified, who may have accepted or shall accept a Commission or Appointment of the same Rank in any other Militia Regiment, Battalion or Corps, and shall thereby vacate his former Commission, shall continue to rank in the general Service, according to the Date, of his Commission or Appointment of the same Rank in the Militia so vacated as aforesaid.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That when any Colonel or other Commandant of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, shall be absent from Great Britain, and until he shall return to Great Britain and shall have notified his Arrival to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, Riding or Place to which such Regiment, Battalion or Corps shall belong, and to the Commanding Officer and Adjutant thereof, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by Warrant under his Sign Manual, to direct and order that the Officer next, in Command, who shall be residing in Great, shall in

all Cases act and serve as the Commandant of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps; and all Powers and Authorities which might have been exercised by such Colonel or other Commandant, so absent as aforesaid, while resident in Great, shall be vested

in and exercised by the Officer next in Command in such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, who shall be resident in Great Britain; and from and after issuing the said Warrant as aforesaid, all Matters and Things which ought to be transacted and done by any other Person or Persons with such Colonel or other Commandant whilst resident in Great Britain, shall be transacted and done during the Time aforesaid, with such Officer so next in Command as aforesaid, who shall be residing in Great Britain; and all Money directed to be issued or paid to or to the Order of such Colonel or other Commandant for the Use of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, shall be issued and paid to or to the Order of such Officer next in Command as aforesaid; and all Acts, Matters and Things done by and with such Officer so next in Command as aforesaid, during the Time aforesaid, which are or shall be authorized or required to be done by or with such Colonel or other Commandant when in Great Britain, shall be good and valid as if done by or with such Colonel or other Commandant; and during

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 90.

465

the Absence from Great Britain of the Colonel or other Commandant of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, and until he shall return to Great Britain, and notify his Arrival as aforesaid, the Officer next in Command in such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, who shall be residing in Great Britain, shall appoint the Regimental or Battalion Clerk and Agent to such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, in the same Manner as such Colonel or other Commandant might have done, and shall take Security from such Agent, and shall be and is hereby made subject and liable to make good all Deficiencies that may happen from the said Agent or from himself, upon account of the Pay, Clothing or Publick Stock of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps: Provided always, that such Officer, so next in Command as aforesaid, who shall assume the Powers so given to him as aforesaid, in consequence of the Absence from Great Britain of his Colonel or other Commandant shall, within Seven Days after he shall assume any such Powers, notify the Absence from Great Britain of such Colonel or other Commandant to the Lieutenant of the County, Riding or Place, and also when the Regiment, Battalion or Corps shall be in actual Service to the Secretary at War: Provided also, that if any such Colonel or other Commandant as aforesaid, shall have given any Orders for Clothing or other Necessaries, or for Accoutrements which ought to be provided in due Course, or in pursuance of any Order by proper Authority at the Time when such Order shall be given for the Use of his Regiment, Battalion or Corps; and if before such Order shall be completed, or after the same shall be completed and before the Money shall be issued for the same, such Colonel or other Commandant shall leave Great, the Orders so given by

such Colonel or other Commandant shall nevertheless be completed, and the Money to be issued in respect thereof shall be paid to the Order of such Colonel or other Commandant, notwithstanding his Absence from Great Britain as aforesaid; and in like Manner if any Officer so next in Command as aforesaid shall, in consequence of the Absence from Great Britain of his Colonel or other Commandant, and under the Authorities given to him as aforesaid, give any Orders for Clothing or other Necessaries, or for Accoutrements, which ought to be provided in due Course, or in pursuance of any Order by proper Authority at the Time when such Orders shall be given for the Use of his Regiment, Battalion or Corps, and before such Orders shall be completed or after the same shall be completed, and before the Money which ought to be issued shall be issued for the same, the Colonel or other Commandant shall return to Great Britain and notify his Arrival as aforesaid, the Orders so given by such Officer so next in Command as aforesaid shall be completed, and the Money to be issued in respect thereof shall be paid to the Order of such Officer, notwithstanding the Return of such Colonel or other Commandant as aforesaid.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That His Majesty may and shall appoint One proper Person who shall have served in some of His Majesty's other Forces, or in the Militia while embodied, for the Term of Five Years at the least, to be an Adjutant to each Regiment, Battalion and Corps of Militia; and such Adjutant, if appointed out of His Majesty's other Forces, shall during his

Service

How such Absence of Commandant notified to County-Lieutenant and Secretary at War.

Orders of Commandant, or his next in Command, for Clothing or Accoutrements, to be duly completed.

His Majesty may appoint certain Persons to be Adjutants who may be appointed to the Rank of

464;

C. 90.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Captain, though not qualified.

Rank and Pay of such Adjutant.

Service in the Militia, preserve his Rank in the Army in the same manner as if he had continued in that Service; and it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant of any County, Riding or Place, on the Recommendation of the Colonel or other Commandant of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, raised within such County, Riding or Place, to appoint the Adjutant of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps to serve with the Rank of Captain, provided such Adjutant shall have served Five Years in the Militia while embodied or in His Majesty's other Forces, although such Adjutant may not have the Qualification required by this Act for Captains (a): Provided always, that no such Appointment to the Rank of Captain shall be valid unless in the Instrument granting the same it be specified in what Regiment, Battalion or Corps of the Militia, while embodied, or of His Majesty's other Forces, such Adjutant hath served, and what was or were the Date or Dates of his Commission or Commissions: Provided also, that no Adjutant so appointed to serve with the Rank of Captain shall by virtue of the Date of such Appointment as aforesaid or otherwise be entitled to

To Corps of not less than Two Companies of Sixty Men each, a Surgeon may be appointed.

His Allowance, &c. while Militia disembodied.

When embodied, such Surgeon to receive

rank above or to command any Captain of a Company in the Militia: Provided also, that no such Adjutant shall by reason of any such Appointment as aforesaid be entitled to receive any greater or other Pay than that of Adjutant. (a) [See § 6, fyc.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where the Number of private Militia Men raised in any County, Riding or Place, is sufficient to form a Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, consisting of not less than Two Companies of Sixty private Men each at the least, it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant of such Comity, Riding or Place, with the Approbation of His Majesty, to appoint One fit and proper Person who shall have passed an Examination at Surgeons’ Hall, and received his Certificate accordingly, to be Surgeon of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps; and every such Appointment shall recite the Certificate of the Person so appointed, and an attested Copy thereof shall be transmitted to and filed with the Clerk of the General Meetings; and every such Surgeon shall, while the Militia to which he shall belong are disembodied, receive Ten Shillings per Day for every Day of his Attendance during any Exercise of such Militia under this Act, and the same for every Day that he shall attend the Enrolments at the Subdivision Meetings; such last mentioned Attendances being-certified by any Deputy Lieutenant or Lieutenants of such Subdivision Meeting to the Receiver General of the County, Riding or Place, to which such Militia shall belong; and in Addition thereto, every such Surgeon shall also receive his actual and reasonable Expence for Medicines and Necessaries for the Sick during the Time of any Exercise of such Militia, in pursuance of this Act, and for his Attendance, Medicines and Necessaries for the sick Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, when actually resident at the Head Quarters of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps as herein after. directed, which shall be repaid him by the Receiver General on an Account stated by such Surgeon and certified by the Commanding Officer and Adjutant of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he shall belong, and if any such Corps shall have no Adjutant, then by the Commanding Officer of each Company; and every such Surgeon so appointed as aforesaid shall, during the Time of the

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 90.

465

the Militia to which he shall belong being embodied, receive the Pay and Allowance of a Surgeon of Infantry in His Majesty's other Forces, and be subject to the like Rules, Restrictions and Directions in every respect as far as the same may be applicable; and no such Surgeon shall be capable of holding any other Commission in such Militia, or of receiving any Pay in respect of any other Commission in such Militia, during the Time of his being such Surgeon as aforesaid.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where the Number of private Militia Men raised in any County, Riding or Place, is sufficient to form a Regiment or Battalion, consisting of not less than Three hundred and sixty private Men, it shall be lawful for the Colonel of such Regiment or Battalion, with the Approbation of His Majesty, to appoint One fit and proper Person, who has served in His Majesty's other Forces or in the embodied Militia, to be the Quarter Master of any such Regiment or Battalion respectively; and it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant of the County, Riding or Place for which such Regiment or Battalion shall belong, on the Recommendation of the Colonel thereof, to appoint such Quarter Master to serve with the Rank of Lieutenant or Ensign, although such Quarter Master may not have the Qualification required by this Act for Lieutenants or Ensigns respectively: Provided always, that such Quarter Master shall not be capable of holding any Commission or receiving any Pay in respect of any Commission in any Company in the Militia during the Time of his being such Quarter Master as aforesaid.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That the Colonel or other Commandant of every Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, consisting of not less than Three Companies, when such Regiment, Battalion or Corps is not in actual Service, may appoint a Regimental or Battalion Clerk who shall execute the Office of Paymaster, but where the Number of private Men shall not be sufficient to form Three Companies of Sixty private Men at the least no Clerk shall be allowed, but the Receiver General of the Land' Tax, and all other Persons required by this Act to remit or pay any Money to any Regimental or Battalion Clerk in respect of the Militia or on Behalf of any Men serving, shall remit and pay all Monies to be paid in respect of such Company or Companies, or on Behalf of any Man serving the rein, to the Commanding Officer thereof, which Commanding Officer shall account for the same in like Manner in every respect as a Regimental or Battalion Clerk.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Adjutant, Surgeon, Regimental or Battalion Clerk, Paymaster or Quarter Master in the Militia shall be capable of being appointed Captain of a Company, nor shall any Person holding the Commission of Captain of a Company be capable of being appointed Adjutant, Surgeon, Regimental or Battalion Clerk, Paymaster or Quarter Master of Militia.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Officer who is entitled to Half Pay shall be deemed or taken to forfeit or quit such Half Pay, during the Time he shall serve as Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Regimental or Battalion Clerk, Quarter Master or Surgeon in the Militia, but that the same shall nevertheless continue; and instead of the Oath usually required of Half Pay Officers to entitle them to the Receipt of their Half Pay, every

pay, &c. in the Infantry, but not hold any other Commission.

Appointment of Quarter Master.

Appointment of Regimental Clerk as Pay master.

No Adjutant. &c. appointed Captain of a Company, &c.

Half Pay Officers serving as Subalterns, &c. may receive their Half Pay on taking the following

466

Oath.

Proportions of Non Commissioned Officers and Drummers, and their Pay.

Their Oath.

Serjeant Major and Drum Major.

No Publican shall serve as a Serjeant, &c.

Additional

Corporals.

c. 90. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

such Officer so entitled to Half Pay and serving as aforesaid shall take the following Oath:

J A.B.y do swear, That I had not between the and the any Place or Employment of Profit, Civil

or Military, under His Majesty, besides my Allowance of Half Pay as a reduced in late Regiment

of save and except my Pay as Lieutenant,

[Ensign, Adjutant, Regimental or Battalion Clerk, Quarter Master or Surgeon, as the Case may be^\ for serving in the Militia.’

And the taking of the said Oath shall, without taking any other Oath, be sufficient to entitle such Person to receive his Half Pay.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers shall be appointed to the Militia in the following Proportions; (that is to say,) when not in actual Service there shall be one Serjeant and one Corporal to every Thirty private Men, and when the Militia shall be drawn out into actual Service, an Addition shall be made, so that there shall be One Serjeant and One Corporal to every Twenty private Men, and when not in actual Service, there shall be One Drummer to every Company, with an Addition of One Drummer for each Flank Company of Regiments or Battalions consisting of Five or more Companies as aforesaid; and when the Militia shall be drawn out into actual Service, there shall be an Addition of One Drummer to every Company, so drawn out, and the daily Pay of every such Serjeant, Corporal and Drummer respectively, when not in actual Service, shall be as follows; (that is to say,) of every Serjeant, One Shilling and Six Pence; of every Corporal, One Shilling and Two Pence; and of every Drummer, One Shilling; and such Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, shall be new clothed when not in actual Service once in Two Years; and all Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers shall take the following Oath; (that is to say,)

T A.B.do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be true and 4 x faithful and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty King George

and that I will faithfully serve in the Militia within Great

for the Defence of the same, until I shall be legally discharged.’

[Another Oath,51 3. 118. §3.]

And the Colonel or other Commandant of every Regiment, Battalion or Corps consisting of Two or more Companies, may appoint a Serjeant Major, and the Colonel or other Commandant of every Regiment, Battalion or Corps consisting of Three or more Companies, may appoint a Drum Major; and that all Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers having received any Pay as such from any Regiment, Battalion or Corps, shall be deemed to be engaged and compellable to serve in such Regiment, Battalion or Corps until they shall be legally discharged: Provided always, that no Person who shall keep any House of publick Entertainment, or who shall sell any Ale or Wine, or any Brandy or other Spirituous Liquors by Retail, shall be capable of being appointed or of serving or receiving Pay as a Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer in the Militia: Provided always, that if it shall happen that in

any

A.D. 1802.

*2° GEO. III. C. 90.

467

any Regiment, Battalion or Corps* there shall be a Surplus of Fifteen private Men or Upwards, after the Appointment of One Serjeant and One Corporal to every Thirty private Men, such Regiment, Battalion or Corps shall be entitled to have One additional Corporal when not in actual Service, for such Surplus Number of Men.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That any Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, may be discharged by the Colonel or other Commandant; and the said Colonel or other Commandant may appoint any proper Person in the Room of every Serjeant, Corporal and Drummer, who shall die, desert or be discharged, all which Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers so appointed shall take the like Oath as is herein-before required to be taken by Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers respectively.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case His Majesty's Lieutenant for any County, Riding or Place, or the Colonel or other Commandant of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, shall be desirous of keeping up a greater Number of Drummers than is herein directed to be employed, as Fifers or Musicians for the use of any such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, and shall be willing to defray the Expence of such additional Drummers, it shall and may be lawful for such Lieutenant or Colonel or other Commandant to retain, in their respective Regiments, Battalions or Corps any Number of the Drummers employed or to be employed as Fifers or Musicians therein, over and above the Number established by this Act, or at any Time hereafter to engage any additional Number of Drummers to act as Fifers or Musicians in their respective Regiments, Battalions or Corps; and all such Drummers so retained, or in future engaged to serve in any such Corps as Fifers or Musicians, shall be deemed Drummer? of Militia within the Meaning of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and shall be subject to the same Orders, Regulations, Penalties and Punishments, as other Drummers of Militia are by this Act subject, and shall continue to serve as Drummers so long as they shall receive ^the same Pay and Clothing as other Drummers have, or better Clothing in lieu thereof, and no longer.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That any Person able and fit to serve, being a Serjeant on the Establishment of Chelsea Hospital, at the Allowance of Twelve Pence per Day, or being an Out Pensioner on the Establishment of the said Hospital, at the Allowance of Five Pence a Day, and being appointed to serve as a Serjeant in the Militia, may and shall receive the said Allowance of Twelve Pence a Day or Five Pence a Day respectively, together with his Pay from the said Militia; and any Person who shall have faithfully served as a Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer in the Militia for Twenty Years, and who shall be discharged on account of Age or Infirmity, shall, on the Recommendation of the Colonel or other Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he belongs, and the Lieutenant, or Two or more Deputy Lieutenants of the County, Riding or Place to which the said Regiment, Battalion or Corps belongs, or (on the Death or Removal, or in the Absence of the said Lieutenant) on the Recommendation of the Colonel or other Commandant, and Three or more Deputy Lieutenants of such County, Riding or Place, be entitled to Examination

Colonels may discharge Serjeants, &c. and appoint others.

Extra Drummers may be kept as Fifers or Musicians.

Serjeants, &c. of Chelsea Hospital may serve and receive Pay also in the Militia.

Serjeants, &c. having served in the Militia 20 Years, may receive a Chelsea Pension.

C. 90.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

4>as

Militia to be exercised 21 Days annually, and in such Proportion as County Lieutenant, &c. shall appoint.

Regiments disembodied, need not be trained for 12 Months.

During Time of Exercise, the Mutiny Act, &c. shall be in force as to such Militia, except as to Life or Limb.

How Courts Martial shall be held then.

animation at the Chelsea Board, and be capable of being placed on the Establishment of the said Hospital at the Pension of Five Pence per Diem, if the said Board should judge him deserving thereof.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Militia to be raised as aforesaid shall be called out once in every Year, for the Purpose of being trained and exercised for the Space of Twenty one Days; and in every County, Riding or Place, in which it shall have been appointed that the Whole of such Militia shall not be trained or exercised at the same Time, then the respective Parts thereof shall be trained and exercised successively, until the Whole of the Men serving for such County, Riding or Place, shall have been trained and exercised for the Space of Twenty one Days ( a); and that for the Purpose aforesaid, the Men serving for such County, Riding or Place, shall be called out to be so trained and exercised in such Manner and in such Proportion, at such Time or Times, and Place or Places, in such County or Riding as shall be appointed, with the Approbation of His Majesty, by the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, at a General Meeting of the Lieutenancy to be holden as herein-before directed; or in Default of any such Meeting being holden, then by the Lieutenant of the County, Riding or Place, or by Three Deputy Lieutenants, authorized by His Majesty to act as aforesaid: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful to order less than Two Companies of Sixty private Men at the least, with Officers and Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers in Proportion, to be trained and exercised together, unless the Militia of the County, Riding or Place, do not amount to so many: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, at any General Meeting of Lieutenancy, to alter the Places appointed for assembling the Men for Exercise, and from Time to Time to appoint other or additional Places, as they shall find expedient, giving the like Notice thereof as is herein required to be given of the Places first to be appointed, (a) [28 Days, 43 G. 3. c. 19.

LXXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whensoever any Regiment, Battalion or Corps to be raised under this Act, shall have been disembodied as herein after directed, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty to order and direct that such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, shall not be trained or exercised in Manner as is herein after directed, for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months, to be calculated from the Day on which it shall have been so disembodied, or for such Number of Months, not exceeding Twelve Months, as His Majesty shall think fit.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That during such Time as any Militia shall be assembled for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, all the Clauses, Provisions, Matters and Things contained in any Act of Parliament which shall then be in force for the punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and in the Articles of War made in pursuance of such Act, shall be in force with respect to such Militia, and to all the Officers, Non Commissioned Officers, Drummers and private Men of the same, in all Cases whatsoever, but so that no Punishment shall extend to Life or Limb; and that it shall be lawful for the Officer commanding and present with any Detachment or Division of Militia, called out to exercise

under

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 90.

469

under any of the Provisions of this Act, not being under the Rank of Captain, to order, when he shall think it necessary, a Regimental Court Martial to be held for the Trial of any Offence committed by any Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or private Man under and during his Command; and if a sufficient Number of Officers shall not be present to constitute such Court Martial, it shall be lawful for the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, to which any such Detachment or Division of Militia shall belong, and he is hereby required, upon Application made to him by the Officer Commanding such Detachment or Division for that Purpose, to order a sufficient Number of Officers of proper Rank to attend for the Purpose of assisting at such Court Martial, who shall forthwith attend the same, and assist as Members thereof; and the Sentence of every such Court Martial shall in every Case be submitted to the Colonel or other Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which such Detachment or Division shall belong ^or in his Absence from the County, Riding or Place), to the Senior Field Officer within the same, for his Approval thereof, who shall cause such Sentence to be put in Execution, mitigated or remitted, as he shall in his Discretion think best for the Service.

XC. And be it further enacted, That Notices of the Times and Places of Exercise of the Militia Men to be raised by virtue of this Act shall, by Order of the General Meetings of Lieutenancy, be sent by the Clerk of the General Meetings to the Clerks of the several Subdivision Meetings in the respective Counties, Ridings and Places; and the said Deputy Lieutenants, at some Subdivision Meeting to be held for carrying this Act into Execution, after the Receipt of the said Notices, shall cause the Men serving for such Subdivision to be called out in such Order and Course as shall have been notified by the Clerk of the General Meetings as aforesaid, and for that Purpose shall issue Orders to the Chief Constables or other Officers of the several Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes or other Divisions respectively, with Directions to forward the same to the Constables, Tythingmen, Head-boroughs and other Officers within their respective Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes or other Divisions; which Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs and other Officers, shall cause such Notice as aforesaid to be affixed on the Door of the Churches or Chapels belonging to their respective Parishes, Tythings or Places or (if any Place shall have no Church or Chapel belonging the reto) on the Door of the Church or Chapel of some Parish, Tj'thing or Place thereunto adjoining; which Notice shall be deemed a sufficient Notice to every Person enrolled by virtue of this Act, notwithstanding any Omission in the Delivery of written Notices in Manner herein after directed; and such Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs and other Officers, are hereby required also to give Notice in Writing to the several Militia Men who shall be called out to be trained and exercised at such Times and Places respectively, by serving them personally or by leaving the same at their usual Place of Abode, to attend at the Time and Place mentioned in such Order; and all such Militia Men shall duly attend at the Time and Place of Exercise according to such Notices respectively.

Notices of Times and Places of Exercise to issue from the General to the Subdivision Meetings; from them to the Constables; and from the Constables to the Men.

Notices on Church Doors.

Notices to Men.

470

e.m

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Clerks of Subdivision Meetings to send Lists of Men, and Time and Place of Exercise, to Commanding Officers, &c.

When Pay of Men called out to exercise shall commence.

Relief of Militia Men falling sick on the March.

Billeting Militia when called out to annual Exercise, &c.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks of the several Subdivision Meetings in every County, Riding or Place, shall within the Space of Ten Days after the Receipt of such Notices as aforesaid from the Clerk of the General Meetings cause a full and true List, specifying the Name and Date of the Enrolment of all the Persons enrolled (within each Subdivision respectively) to serve in such Militia, and the Time and Place of Exercise, to be transmitted to the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia for which such Persons have been enrolled by virtue of this Act, or to such Person as shall be appointed by such Commanding Officer to receive the same, and shall in lik£ manner cause a Duplicate of such List to be transmitted to the Adjutant of the said Regiment, Battalion or Corps; and in every Case where there is no Adjutant, to the Major or Captain Commandant of such Corps.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That the Pay of every Person enrolled to serve in the Militia of any County, Riding or Place, when not embodied and called out into actual Service, and who shall be called out for the Purpose of being trained and exercised as aforesaid, shall commence upon the Day on which such Person shall join the Regiment, Battalion, Corps, Detachment or Division to which he shall belong and not before: Provided always, that if such Person shall have been prevented joining such Regiment, Battalion, Corps, Detachment or Division, by Sickness or other sufficient Cause, and shall produce to the Commanding Officer thereof a satisfactory Certificate of such Sickness or other sufficient Cause, it shall be lawful for the Commanding Officer of such Regiment, Battalion, Corps, Detachment or Division, and he is hereby required, to direct an Allowance of Pay to be made to the Person so prevented, according to the Time mentioned in such Certificate as aforesaid.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Militia Man shall on his March to the Place where he shall be ordered to attend for the annual Exercise, be disabled by Sickness or otherwise, it shall be lawful for any One Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding or Place, or any Mayor or Chief Magistrate of any City, Town or Place where such Man shall then be, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order him such Relief as such Justice, Mayor or Chief Magistrate shall think reasonable, and the same shall be given by the Officers of the Parish, Tything or Place where such Militia Man shall then be; and the Officers giving such Relief shall, upon producing an Account of the Expences thereof to the Treasurer of the County, Riding or Place for which such Militia Man shall serve (such Account being first allowed under the Hand of a Justice of the Peace), be reimbursed such Expences by such Treasurer, who shall be allowed the same in his Accounts.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Mayors, Bailiffs, Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs and other Chief Magistrates and Officers of Cities, Towns, Parishes, Tythings and Places, and (in their Default or Absence) for any One Justice of the Peace inhabiting within or near any City, Town, Parish, Tything or Place (but for no others), and they and he are and is respectively hereby required to quarter and billet the

Officers,

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 90.

471

Officers, Non Commissioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men serving in the Militia at the Times when they shall be called out to annual Exercise, in Inns, Livery Stables, Ale Houses, Victualling Houses and all Houses of Persons selling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cyder, Wine or Metheglin, by Retail, upon Application made to any such Mayors, Bailiffs, Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs or other Chief Magistrates or Officers, by His Majesty's Lieutenant, or by the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of the Militia of the County, Riding or Place where they shall be so called out to exercise as aforesaid; and when the Militia is not embodied, nor called out to exercise as aforesaid, all Mayors and other Chief Magistrates and Officers aforesaid, or (in their Default or Absence) any One Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, may, and they and he are and is hereby respectively required to order and provide convenient Lodging with Fire and Candle in such Houses as aforesaid, for the Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers of the Militia.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That when the Militia shall be called out to be trained and exercised, any Justice of the Peace of any County, Riding or Place, being thereunto required by an Order from the Lieutenant or from any Deputy Lieutenant of such County, Riding or Place, or from the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion, Corps, Detachment or Division of Militia, being within such County, Riding or Place, may and shall issue his Warrant to the Chief Constables of Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes or Divisions, or to the Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs or other Officers of the several Parishes, Tythings or Places, from, through, near or to which any such Regiment, Battalion, Corps, Detachment or Division of Militia shall be ordered to march, requiring them to provide such sufficient Carriages to convey the Arms, Clothes, Accoutrements, Ammunition and other Stores, with able Men to drive such Carriages, as shall be mentioned in the said Order; and in case such sufficent Carriages and Men cannot be provided within any such County, Riding, Hundred, Rape, Lathe, Wapentake, Division, Parish, Tything or Place, then any Justice of the Peace for any adjoining Count)', Riding or Place, may and shall, upon such Order as aforesaid being shown unto him, issue his Warrant to the Chief Constables, Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs or other Officers of any Hundred, Rape, Lathe, Wapentake, Division, Parish, Tything or Place within such adjoining County, Riding or Place, for the Purposes aforesaid, to make up such Deficiency of Carriages and Men; and such Lieutenant, Deputy Lieutenant or Colonel, or other Commanding Officer, requiring such Carriages and Men to be provided as aforesaid, shall at the same Time pay to every such Chief Constable, Tythingman, Headborough or other Officer, for the Use of the Person or Persons who shall provide such Carriages and Men, the Sum of One Shilling for every Mile any Waggon with Five Horses, and any Wain with Six Oxen, or with Four Oxen and Two Horses, shall respectively travel; and the Sum of Nine Pence for every Mile any such Cart with Four Horses shall. travel, and so in Proportion for any Carriages drawn by any less Number of Horses or Oxen; for which respective Sums every Chief Constable, Constable, Tythingman, Headborough or other

Justices to grant Warrants for impressing Carriages for the Militia on its March, on such annual Exercise.

Rates for Carriages.

472

C. 90.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

If Expence exceed Rates, Overplus repaid by County.

Stoppages for Linen, &c.

Colonels;&e. to make Returns of the Militia so called out, to County Lieutenant, &c.

Officer receiving the same, is hereby required to give a Receipt to the Person paying the same; and every such Chief Constable, Constable, Tythingman, Headborough or other Officer, shall order and appoint such Person or Persons having Carriages, within their respective^ Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes, Divisions, Parishes, Ty things or Places, as they shall think proper, to provide and furnish such Carriages and Men, according to the Warrant aforesaid; and every Person so ordered, is hereby required to provide and furnish the same accordingly for One Day’s Journey, and no more; and in case any such Chief Constables, Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs or other Officers, shall be at any Charges for such Carriages, over and above the Money which shall be so received by them as aforesaid, such Overplus shall be borne by every County, Riding or Place, where such additional Expence shall be incurred, and be repaid to them without Fee or Reward by the Treasurer of every such County, Riding or Place, out of the publick Stock.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That when any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, or any Detachment or Division thereof as aforesaid, shall be assembled for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, it shall be lawful for the Captain or Commanding Officer of every Company, to put the Militia Men of his Company under Stoppages, not exceeding Four Pence per Day, for the Purpose of providing them with Linen and also with other Necessaries, and for defraying the Expence of repairing any Arms which shall have been broken or damaged by any such Militia Man’s Neglect; Provided always, that every such Captain or Commanding Officer shall account with each Militia Man for such Stoppage, and after having deducted what shall have been laid out and paid for Necessaries, and for repairing the Arms as aforesaid, shall pay the Sum remaining (if any there shall be) into the Hands of the Militia Man to whom the same belongs, before such Militia Man shall be dismissed from such Training and Exercise.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of every Regiment, Battalion and Corps of Militia, as often as his Regiment, Battalion or Corps shall be called out to exercise as before directed, and within Fourteen Days from the Time of assembling, shall, and he is hereby required to return to the Lieutenant of the County, Riding or Place to which the same belongs, a true JState of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, and a Duplicate thereof to the Clerk to the General Meetings, to be filed; and where the Militia of any County, Riding or Place, shall be so ordered to be trained and exercised in Parts or Proportions successively in Manner directed by this Act, the Officer commanding every such Part or Porportion for the Time being shall, within Seven Days after the assembling of such Part or Proportion, make a Return of the State of the Militia exercised by him or under his Command to the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to which the Militia so exercised shall belong, on Pain of forfeiting Twenty Pounds for every such Omission; and the Colonel or Commanding Officer receiving such Returns, shall, within Fourteen Days after all the Returns of Men belonging to his Regiment, Battalion or Corps, who shall have been so assembled, shall have been received by him, transmit

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 90.

473

a General Return to the Lieutenant of the County, Riding or Place to which such Militia shall belong, and a Duplicate thereof to the Clerk of the General Meetings, to be filed; and in case any Officer shall refuse or neglect, for Three Months after the Time herein appointed for making such Returns, so to do, he shall, for every such Offence^ forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Captain or Commanding Officer of every Company of Militia called out to exercise under this Act, shall, during the Time of such Exercise, make out a correct and accurate Return of the State of the Classes of the Men belonging to his Company (a), arranged according to the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (F.), specifying the several Particulars therein mentioned, and the Subdivision to which every such Man shall belong, and shall deliver or transmit the same to the Adjutant of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps; or where there shall be no Adjutant, to the Commanding Officer of the Militia of the County, Riding or Place, to which such Company shall belong; and such Adjutant or Commanding Officer (as the Case may be) shall, within One Month after every such Exercise as aforesaid, prepare and make out a general and accurate Return of all such Classes, according to such Form, and with such Specification as aforesaid, and shall transmit the same to the Clerk of the General Meetings, and shall also transmit to the Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings within the County, Riding or Place, to the Militia of which he shall belong, Extracts of such Return, containing the State of the Classes of Men belonging to their respective Subdivisions; and such Subdivision Clerks shall forthwith correct the Books of Enrolment of their respective Subdivisions, so as to correspond accurately with such Return; and the Clerk to, the General Meetings shall forthwith, upon Receipt of such Return as aforesaid, and within Two Months after the Expiration of such Exercise as aforesaid, make out and transmit to One of Flis Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State correct Abstracts of all such Returns as aforesaid, made out in the Form in the Schedule marked (G.), to this Act annexed; and every Person so required as aforesaid to make any such Return who shall refuse or neglect to make the same in Manner aforesaid, at the Period hereby required for that Purpose, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds. (a) § 129.

and Deputy Lieutenant may correct Classes, § 133. po-sA]

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That every Militia Man (not labouring under any Infirmity incapacitating him) who shall not appear at the Time and Place appointed for his being exercised according to the Directions of this Act (Notice having been published and given as by this Act required), shall be deemed a Deserter, and if not taken until after the Time of any such Exercise, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and also every Militia Man, who having joined the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he belongs, or any Company or Companies, or Detachment or Division thereof, shall desert or absent himself during the Time of any such Exercise, and shall not be taken until after the Time of such Exercise, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if such Penalty shall not be immediately paid, the Justice of the Peace before whom any Militia Man

Penalty 50l.

Captains to make Returns-of Classes for Adjutant, &c. who shall therefrom make General Returns and transmit them to Clerks of General Meetings, and Extracts to Clerks of Subdivisions.

Clerk of Gene-Meeting shall transmit Abstracts to Secretary of State.

Not making Return.

Penalty 501.

Men not appearing at Exercise, or absenting themselves.

Penalty 201.

or Six Months* Imprisonment,

C. 90.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

474

If Men desert or absent themselves for Three Months, others ballotted for.

But such Men returning, compelled to serve.

Muskets to be marked.

Selling, pawning, or losing Arms, &c.

Penalty, or

Imprisonment.

Buying Militia Arms, &c

Penalty 101.

or Imprisonment.

shall be convicted of any such Offence, shall Commit such Militia Man to the House of Correction to hard labour, or to the Common Gaol, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of Six Months, or until he shall have paid the said Penalty.

C. And be it further enacted, That in case -any Militia Man shall desert or absent himself from his Duty, and shall not return and voluntarily surrender himself to the Adjutant or other Officer, commissioned or non commissioned, commanding at the City, Town or Place where the Arms of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he shall belong, shall be deposited, or shall not be taken within the Space of Three Months from the Time of his so deserting or absenting himself, then upon Certificate thereof from the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he belonged, to the Deputy Lieutenants at any of their Meetings for the Subdivision for which such Militia Man was enrolled, such Deputy Lieutenants or any Two or more of them are hereby required to hold a Subdivision Meeting, and to proceed to ballot for another Person to serve and be returned to such Regiment, Battalion or Corps in the Room of such Militia Man; and in case such MilitialMan shall at any Time thereafter return or be taken, he shall, notwithstanding any Person shall have been chosen in his Room, be compelled to serve in the same Manner and for the same Term as if no Person had been so chosen in his Room.

Cl. And be it further enacted, That all Muskets delivered for the Service of the Militia shall be marked distinctly in some visible Place with the Letter (M.) and the Name of the County, Riding or Place to which they belong; and in case any Militia Man shall sell, pawn or lose any of his Arms, Clothes, Accoutrements or Ammunition, or neglect or refuse to return the same in good Order to his Captain, or to the Person appointed to receive the same, every such Militia Man shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Three Pounds; and if such Militia Man shall not immediately pay such Penalty, the Justice of the Peace before whom he shall be convicted shall commit him to the House of Correction, to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Three Months, or until he shall have paid the said Penalty.

CII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly and wilfully buy, take in Exchange, conceal or otherwise receive any Militia Arms, Clothes or Accoutrements, or any such Articles belonging to any Militia Man as are generally deemed Regimental Necessaries, according to the Custom of the Army, being provided for the Soldier, and paid for by Deductions out of his Pay, or any publick Stores or Ammunition whatever delivered for the Militia, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, the Person so offending shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of Ten Pounds; and if such Offender shall not immediately pay such Penalty, and shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon to levy such Penalty, the Justice before whom he or she shall be convicted shall commit him or her to the Common Gaol, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of Six Months, or until he or she shall have paid the said Fine, or shall cause

C. 90.

47 5

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III.

such Offender to be publickly or privately whipped, at the Discretion of such Justice.

CIII. And be it further enacted, That every Adjutant, Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major and Drummer of the Militia, shall be at all Times subject to any Act which shall be in force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and to the Articles of War, under the Command of the Colonel or other Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he belongs, and it shall be lawful for the Colonel or other Commandant of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, to direct the holding of Courts Martial as herein after directed, for the Trial of any Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major or Drummer of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, by either a General or Regimental Court Martial, for any Offence against the said Act or Articles of War, committed during the Time such Regiment, Battalion or Corps shall not be embodied, and for the Trial of any Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or private Man of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, who shall have deserted while the said Regiment, Battalion or Corps was embodied, and shall not have been apprehended till after it shall have been disembodied, but so that no Punishment shall extend to the Loss of Life or Limb.

CIV. And be it further enacted, That if a sufficient Number of Officers to form a Court Martial cannot be found, it shall be lawful for the Colonel or other Commandant, and in his Absence for the Senior Field Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which the Person on whom such Court Martial is to be held, shall belong, to order any Officers of the Militia of the County, Riding or Place to which such Regiment, Battalion or Corps shall belong, actually resident within the Town where such Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major or Drummer is to be tried, or within Ten Miles thereof, to attend and assist as Members of such Court Martial, who shall thereupon attend at the Time required, and assist accordingly, but no Officer shall be entitled to receive Pay for any such Attendance: Provided always, that no Sentence of any Court Martial held as aforesaid on any Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major or Drummer, or private Man as aforesaid, shall be put in Execution until it shall have been confirmed by the Colonel or other Commandant, or by the Field Officer by whose Order such Court Martial was assembled.

CV. And be it further enacted, That any Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer of the Militia, may, by Sentence of a Court Martial, be reduced to the Condition of a private Militia Man, to serve as such during any Time not exceeding Fifteen Months, in case the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he belongs, shall not be then embodied or called out into actual Service; and in case the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he belongs shall be then embodied or called out into actual Service, to serve as aforesaid until the disembodying of the said Regiment, Battalion or Corps, after which Time, or at the End of the said Fifteen Months, as the Case may be, if not regularly reappointed to the Rank of a Non Commissioned Officer or Drummer, he shall be discharged from the Service.

Adjutants, &c. to continue always subject to Mutiny Act, to a certain Extent.

Hovr Courts Martial on such Adjutants, &c. to be held, &c.

How Serjeants, may &c. be reduced to the Ranks.

476

C. 90.

42°. GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Keeping of Arms, &c. when Militia not embodied.

Serjeants, &c. to reside where Arms kept, and be under Command of Adjutant; by whom monthly Return* made to Secretary of State, County Lieutenant and Colonel.

Pay of Serjeants, &c. absent on Leave;

if absent without.

Pay forfeited, &c.

Adjutant not to be absent without Leave. Who shall command in his Absence.

CVI. And be it further enacted, That the Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing and other Stores, belonging to every Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, when not embodied, shall be kept in such convenient Place as the Colonel or other Commandant shall direct, with the Approbation of the Lieutenant of the County, Riding or Place; and it shall be lawful for the General Meeting of Lieutenancy for any County, Riding or Place, to order and direct a convenient and proper Place for that Purpose to be provided or built, if no such convenient and proper Place can be found; the Hire or Cost of which Place shall be paid for by the Treasurer of such County, Riding or Place, out of the County Rates.

CVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, in every Regiment, Battalion and Corps of Militia, shall constantly be resident within the City, Town or Place, where the Arms belonging to such Regiment, Battalion or Corps are kept, and shall be under the Command of the Adjutant, who also shall be constantly resident within the said City, Town or Place (unless as herein after provided), and shall act in such Command under the Orders of the Colonel or other Commandant of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps; and that the Adjutant, and, in his occasional and unavoidable Absence, the Serjeant Major or (where there is no Serjeant Major) the Senior Serjeant, shall make monthly Returns of the true State of the Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps severally, to His Majesty's Secretary of State, to the Lieutenant of the County and to the Colonel or other Commandant of the said Regiment, Battalion or Corps; in Default of which, on each such Neglect, such Adjutant or Serjeant Major shall be subject to such punishment as a Court Martial shall adjudge; and that no Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, shall be absent from such City, Town or Place, without a regular Furlough or Licence in Writing, signed by his Colonel or other Commandant; and every Serjeant, Corporal and Drummer, absent on Furlough or Licence, shall respectively receive, during the Time of such Absence, the Pay following; (that is to say,) every Serjeant the Sum of One Shilling, every Corporal the Sum of Eight Pence, and every Drummer the Sum of Six Pence per Day respectively, and no more; and every Serjeant, Corporal and Drummer, who shall absent himself without such Furlough or Licence, shall forfeit all Pay during the Time of such Absence, and be liable to be apprehended and punished as a Deserter; and such Adjutant shall never absent himself from such City, Town or Place, without Leave of the Colonel or other Commandant of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, nor for more than Three Calendar Months in One Year, except in case of Sickness: Provided nevertheless, that whenever such Adjutant shall be absent with such Leave as aforesaid, then such Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers shall be under the Command of the Battalion Clerk, if he shall be a Commissioned Officer of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or otherwise of the Serjeant Major, or of some Serjeant who shall be appointed by the said Adjutant, with the Approbation of the said Colonel or other Commandant, to act as Serjeant Major during the Absence of such Adjutant, or of the

C. 90.

477

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III.

Senior Serjeant, when the Corps has not any Adjutant or Serjeant Major.

CVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Militia Man shall not join the Regiment, Battalion, Corps, Detachment or Division to which he belongs, at the Time of annual Exercise, or shall desert during the Time of annual Exercise, and shall not be apprehended before the Expiration of the Time appointed for such Exercise; and if the Commanding Officer, or the Adjutant of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or the Commanding Officer of the Company, Detachment or Division to which such Offender belongs, shall receive Information of the Place where he shall be or reside, any such Commanding Officer or Adjutant may, by Writing under his Hand, describe the Person of such Offender, and also certify that he did not join the Regiment, Battalion, Corps, Detachment or Division, at the Time of annual Exercise, or that he deserted during the Time of annual Exercise (as the Case may be), and send the same by a Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or to the Senior Serjeant when there is no Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Corps, of the County, Riding or Place wherein such Offender is supposed to be or reside; and the Adjutant, Serjeant Major or Senior Serjeant, to whom such Certificate shall be sent, shall forthwith direct a Party of the Serjeants, Corporals or Drummers of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he belongs, to assist in apprehending such Offender, and in conveying him before some Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding or Division wherein such Offender shall be apprehended; and if by his Confession, or the Testimony of any Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, or the Knowledge of such Justice, it shall appear or be found that such Person is guilty of such Offence, such Adjutant, Serjeant Major or Senior Serjeant as aforesaid, shall order a Party of the Serjeants, Corporals or Drummers under his Command, to convey such Offender to the Head Quarters of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia of the next County, Riding or Place, in the Way to the Count)', Riding or Place to which such Offender belongs, and deliver him into the Custody of the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or Senior Serjeant as aforesaid, who shall cause him to be conveyed in like Manner to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, or Senior Serjeant of the Corps of the next County, Riding or Place, and so in like Manner until such Offender shall be delivered into the Custody of the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or Senior Serjeant as aforesaid, of the Corps to which he belongs, who shall take him before a Justice of the Peace, to be dealt with as this Act directs in Cases of Militia Men deserting or absenting themselves from their Duty when not embodied or called out into actual Service; and from the Time of his being so apprehended as aforesaid, until he is brought before such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, such Offender shall be subsisted at the Rate of Sixpence per Day, from the Stock of the County, Riding or Place to which such Regiment, Battalion or Corps belongs; for which Subsistence such Justice is hereby required to make such Order upon the Treasurer of the County, Riding or

Method of proceeding on Information of the Residence of a Militia Man who shall not join at annual Exercise, or shall desert and not be apprehended.

478

C. 90.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Method of proceeding where Persons are found suspected to be deserting, Non Commissioned Officers, &c.

Place; and if any Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer shall desert from the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he belongs, it shall be lawful for any Headborough, Constable, or other Officer of the Town or Place where any Person who may be reasonably suspected to be such Deserter shall be found, to cause such Person to be apprehended and taken before any Justice of the Peace living in or near to such Town or Place, who is hereby empowered to examine such suspected Person; and if by his Confession, or the Testimony of any Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, or by the Knowledge of such Justice, it shall appear or be found that such suspected Person is such Deserter, such Justice shall forthwith cause him to be combed to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where he shall be found, or the House of Correction, or other publick Prison in the Town or Place in or near to which such Deserter shall be apprehended, there to remain until he shall be demanded by some Person or Persons authorized to receive him as herein after directed, and shall transmit an Account thereof to the Clerk of the General Meetings of the County, Riding or Place to which such Deserter belongs; and the Keeper of such Gaol, House of Correction or Prison, shall receive the full Subsistence of such Deserter at the Rate above specified for his Maintenance, during the Time he shall continue in his Custody, but shall not be entitled to any Fee or Reward on account of his Imprisonment; and such Clerk of the General Meetings receiving such Account, shall immediately transmit a Copy thereof to the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps of his County, Riding or Place, and also to the Adjutant or other Officer commanding the Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps; and where there are more than One Regiment, Battalion or Corps in any County, Riding or Place, such Clerk shall send such Copy to each of the Colonels or other Commandants, or Commanding Officers of such Regiments, Battalions and Corps, and also to each of the Adjutants or Officers commanding Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, within his County, Riding or Place; and the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which such Deserter shall be found to belong, or the Adjutant or Officer commanding the Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, shall, and he is hereby required, immediately on receiving such Copy as aforesaid, to send any Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, or any Party of the Serjeants, Corporals or Drummers of his Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to the Place where such Deserter shall be so confined, and shall also send by such Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, or the Serjeant commanding such Party of Serjeants, Corporals or Drummers, an Order, under his Hand and Seal, to the Keeper of the said Gaol, House of Correction or Prison, requiring him to deliver such Deserter to the Person or Persons therein named, which he is hereby required to do; and the Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer to whom such Deserter shall be so ordered to be delivered, in case One only shall be sent on such Duty, shall apply to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or to the Senior Serjeant of the Corps of the County, Riding or Place where such Deserter shall be so confined as aforesaid, and such Adjutant,

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 90.

479

Serjeant Major or Serjeant, shall order a sufficient Party of the Serjeants, Corporals or Drummers under his Command to assist in conveying such Deserter, and he shall be conveyed to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or Senior Serjeant of the Corps to which he belongs, in the same Manner as before directed with respect to the conveying of private Militia Men to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or Senior Serjeant of the Corps to which they belong; and such Adjutant, or Serjeant Major or Serjeant, shall take such Deserter before a Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding or Place to which he belongs, who shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the Common Gaol, House of Correction or other publick Prison of such County, Riding or Place where he shall remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until a Court Martial can and shall be summoned and held for the Trial of such Deserters, according to the Provisions of this Act, when he shall be delivered to the Person or Persons named in any Order to be issued for that Purpose, under the Hand and Seal of the Officer.by whose Authority such Court Martial shall be summoned, requiring the Delivery of such Deserter; and all Gaolers and Keepers of Prisons shall (if required so to do by any Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, employed in conveying any such Militia Man or Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, so offending, to the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he belongs,) receive into their Custody, and confine such Offender for such Time as they shall be respectively so required as aforesaid, not exceeding Twenty four Hours; and every such Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison who shall refuse so to do, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings; and all such Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, while they are employed in executing such Duty as aforesaid, and all other Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers of the Militia, while on any March, or employed on any Duty upon which they may be commanded by any legal Authority, shall be billeted in like Manner as Serjeants, Corporals or Drummers belonging to His Majesty's other Forces, employed in apprehending and conveying Deserters, are to be billeted.

CIX. And be it further enacted, That the Justice of the Peace before whom any Deserter shall be convicted, shall and may issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which such Deserter shall belong, or (where there is no Clerk) to the Commanding Officer, requiring such Clerk or such Commanding Officer to pay out of the Stock of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, the Sum of Twenty Shillings to the Person who shall have apprehended such Deserter; and such Clerk or Commanding Officer is hereby authorized and required to pay the same accordingly on Demand.

CX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall harbour, conceal or assist any Deserter, knowing him to be such, the Person so offending shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of Five Pounds.

CXI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases of actual Invasion or upon imminent Danger thereof, and in all Cases of Rebellion or Insurrection, it shall be lawful for His Majesty (the Occasion being first communicated to Parliament, if the Parliament shall be then sitting, or declared in Council, and notified b}

Gaolers to receive and confine Deserters, on Penalty of 20s.

Serjeants, &c. conveying Deserters, or on any March, to be billeted.

Reward for apprehending Deserters, 20s.

Concealing,&c. Deserters.

Penalty 51.

His Majesty may order Militia to be embodied in Cases of Invasion, Rebellion, &c. and put under

4-80

C. 90.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Command of General Officers, and led by their respective Officers into any Part of G. B.; while so embodied, they shall be subject to Mutiny Act and Articles of War.

Not ordered out of G.B.

In such Case Parliament (if not sitting) to be called together in 14 Days.

County Lieutenants, &c. to issue Orders to Constables, who shall give Notice to Men to attend.

Proclamation, if no Parliament shall be then sitting or in being) to order and direct the Lieutenants of the said several Counties, Hidings and Places, or on the Death or Removal, or in the Absence from their respective Counties, Ridings or Places of any of them, then any Three or more Deputy Lieutenants, with all convenient Speed, to draw out and embody all the Regiments, Battalions and Corps of Militia within their respective Counties, Ridings and Places herein-before appointed to be raised and trained, or so many of them, or such Part or Proportion of them, or any of them, as His Majesty shall in His Wisdom judge necessary, and in such Manner as shall be best adapted to the Circumstances of the Danger, and to put the said Forces under the Command of such General Officers as His Majesty shall be pleased to appoint, and to direct the said Forces to be led by their respective Officers into any Parts of Great Britain, for the repelling and Prevention of any Invasion and for the Suppression of any Rebellion or Insurrection within Great Britain; and from the Time of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia being called out and embodied as aforesaid, until the same shall be returned again to its own County, Riding or Place, and disembodied by His Majesty's Order, the Officers, Non Commissioned Officers, Drummers and private Men of every such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, shall be subject to all the Provisions contained in any Act of Parliament which shall be then in Force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and the Articles of War made in pursuance thereof; and all the Provisions contained in every such Act and Articles of War, shall be in Force with respect to the Militia, and shall extend to all the Officers, Non Commissioned Officers, Drummers and private Men of the Militia, while embodied as aforesaid, in all Cases whatsoever.

[See § 115. post.]

CXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That neither the Whole nor any Part of the Militia, directed by this Act to be raised and maintained, shall on any Account be carried or ordered to go out of Great Britain.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever His Majesty shall cause the Militia to be drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, if the Parliament shall then be separated by such Adjournment or Prorogation as will not expire within Fourteen Days, His Majesty may and shall issue a Proclamation for the Meeting of the Parliament within Fourteen Days, and the Parliament shall accordingly meet and sit upon such Day as shall be appointed by such Proclamation, and continue to sit and act in like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if it had stood adjourned or prorogued to the same Day.

CXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant of every County, Riding and Place, or (on the Death or Removal of any such Lieutenant, or in his Absence from his County, Riding or Place,) any Three or more Deputy Lieutenants, to whom any Order from His Majesty for drawing out and embodying the Whole of the Militia of such County, Riding or Place shall be directed, shall forthwith issue his or their Order to the Chief Constables or other Officers of the several Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes or other Divisions within their respective Counties, Ridings

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 90. 481

and Places, with Directions to forward the same immediately to the Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs or other Officers of the several Parishes, Tythings and Places within their respective Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes and Divisions; and such Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs or other Officers, are hereby required, upon Receipt thereof, forthwith to cause Notice in Writing to be given to the several Militia Men, or left at their usual Places of Abode within their respective Parishes, Tythings or Places, to attend at the Time and Place mentioned in such Order.

CXV. And be it further enacted, That no Officer serving in the Militia shall sit in any Court Martial upon the Trial of any Officer or Soldier serving in any of His Majesty's other Forces; nor shall and Officer serving in any of His Majesty's other Forces sit in any Court Martial upon the Trial of any Officer or Soldier serving in the Militia.

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person of the said Militia ordered to be drawn out and embodied as aforesaid (not labouring under any Infirmity incapacitating him to serve as a Militia Man) shall not appear and march in pursuance of such Order, every such Militia Man shall be liable to be apprehended and punished as a Deserter, according to the Provisions of any Act which shall be then in Force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and of the Articles of War, made in pursuance of the same; and if any Person shall harbour and conceal any such Militia Man, when ordered to be drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, knowing him to be such Militia Man, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

CXVII. And be it further enacted, That from the Date of His Majesty's Warrant for drawing out the Militia of any County, Riding or Place, into actual Service, the Officers and Men of the Militia of such County, Riding or Place, shall be entitled to the same Pay as the Officers and Men of His Majesty's other Infantry Forces and no other; and if any Non Commissioned Officer, Drummer or private Man of the Militia shall be maimed or wounded in actual Service, he shall be equally entitled to the Benefit of Chelsea Hospital with any Non Commissioned Officer, Drummer or private Man belonging to any of His Majesty's other Forces.

[Not to extend to Increase of Pay of though.

Pay of Regulars increased, 46 G. 3. c. 140.

CXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Pay of every Officer, Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer and private Man, who shall not join his Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, on the Day appointed for that Purpose, shall commence only from the Day of his joining such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, unless such Officer, Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or private Man shall have been prevented from joining on the Day appointed as aforesaid by Sickness or any other inevitable Necessity, to be proved to the Satisfaction of the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, in which Case such Officer, Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer or private Man may, by Order of his Commanding Officer, be accounted with for his Pay from the Date of His Majesty's Warrant as aforesaid.

Militia Officers to sit only on Militia Court Martials,

Militia Men not appearing, &c. deemed Deserters.

Harbouring them.

Penalty 1001.

Militia so embodied entitled to Pay as Infantry.

Men wounded, &c. entitled to Chelsea Hospital.

Pay of Officers, &c. not joining on Day appointed, to commence only from Day of joining.

Exception.

482

C. 90.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Commencement of Pay of Men enrolled after Militia is embodied.

Allowance to enable them to join.

Appointment of Agents by Colonel, &c.

Receiver General of Taxes to pay to Captains One Guinea per Man to be laid out for Necessaries.

Captains to account with Men for the same.

CXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Pay of every Person enrolled to serve in the Militia of any County, Riding or Place, after such Militia shall have been embodied and called out into actual Service, shall commence upon the Day on which such Person shall join the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he shall belong, and not before: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants or Justices of the Peace by whom any such Person shall have been so enrolled, to order and direct an Allowance to be made to such Person for the Purpose of enabling him to proceed and join the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he may belong, not exceeding the Rate of the Pay of so many Days as would enable him to march from the Place wrhere he was enrolled to the Place where the said Regiment, Battalion or Corps may be stationed, to be calculated at the Rate of not less than Ten Miles 'per Day, with the usual Number of halting Days; and the said Allowance of Pay shall be advanced to such Person at the Time of his Enrolment by the Clerk of the Subdivision Meeting, under the Order of the Deputy Lieutenants or Justices aforesaid, or One of them, and shall be repaid to the said Subdivision Clerk by the Receiver General of the Land Tax, on the Production of a Certificate to that Effect, signed by the said Deputy Lieutenants or Justices, or One of them, and the said Receiver General shall be allowed for the same in his Accounts accordingly.

CXX. And be it further enacted, That when any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia shall be drawn out into actual Service, and during the Time it shall continue in actual Service, the Colonel or other Commandant thereof shall and may appoint an Agent to such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, and shall take Security from such Agent, and such Colonel or other Commandant shall be, and is hereby made subject and liable to make good all Deficiencies that may happen from the said Agent or from himself, upon account of the Pay, Clothing or publick Stock of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps.

CXXI. And be it further enacted, That when the Militia of any County, Riding or Place, shall be ordered out into actual Service, the Receiver General of the Rates and Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes for such County, Riding or Place, shall and is hereby required forthwith to pay to the Captain or other Commanding Officer of every Company of Militia so ordered out, the Sum of One Guinea for the Use of every private Militia Man belonging to his Company; and the said Receiver General shall also pay to every Captain or other Commanding Officer of a Company as aforesaid, the Sum of One Guinea for every Recuit, as early as may be after such Recruit shall have joined his Company, while out in actual Service as aforesaid (all which Money so paid by the said Receiver General shall be allowed him in his Accounts); and the Money so received by any Captain or other Commanding Officer, or so much thereof as such Captain or Commanding Officer shall think proper, shall be laid out in the Manner he shall think most advantangeous for the respective Militia Men; and such Captain or Commanding Officer shall, on or or before the Twenty fourth Day of the Month next ensuing that in which he shall have received such One

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 90. 483

Guinea as aforesaid, account to such Militia Man how the said Sum of One Guinea hath been applied and disposed of, and shall, at the Time of settling such Account, pay the Remainder of the Money (if any) to the said Militia Man.

CXXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person not possessed of any Estate in Land, Goods or Money, of the clear Value of Five hundred Pounds, and who shall make Oath that he is not possessed of such Estate, shall be chosen by Ballot to serve in the Militia for any Parish, Tything or Place where the said Militia is drawn or ordered out for actual Service, and such Person shall be approved, sworn and enrolled as aforesaid, or shall provide a fit Person to serve as his Substitute, who shall be approved, sworn and enrolled as aforesaid, the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of such Parish, Tything or Place, shall, on receiving an Order under the Hands of any Two or more Deputy Lieutenants acting within the Subdivision wherein such Parish, Tything or Place is situate, pay to every such Person so chosen by Ballot, any such Sum of Money, not exceeding the Sum which such Deputy Lieutenants shall adjudge to be as near as may be One Half of the current Price then paid "for a Volunteer or Substitute in the County, Riding or Place where such Person was so chosen, which said Sum of Money shall be taken out of the Rate to be made as herein-before directed for providing and producing Volunteers, or in case no Volunteers shall have been provided or produced by the Churchwardens or Overseers, then out of a Rate to be made and collected agreeable to the Poors Rate as herein-before also directed; and in case any Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor shall refuse or neglect to pay such Money upon Demand and Production of such Order, every such Churchwarden or Overseer so refusing or neglecting to make such Payment, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, One Half of which Penalty shall be paid to the Person so chosen by Ballot in lieu or in Part of the Sum ordered to be paid him as aforesaid, as the Case may require: Provided always, that if any Man so chosen by Ballot and serving for himself, shall, within One Month after his Enrolment, be disapproved of and discharged by the Officer commanding the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, such Sum shall not be paid to the Person so chosen by Ballot, but shall be paid in Manner before mentioned to the next Person chosen by Ballot in his Stead; and if any Substitute be disapproved and discharged in Manner aforesaid, then no such Sum shall be paid to the Man so chosen by Ballot, whose Substitute shall have been so disapproved and discharged, unless he shall serve himself or shall find another Substitute who shall be approved by such Commanding Officer as aforesaid.

CXXIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, shall be embodied and absent from the County, Riding or Place to which it belongs, the Commanding Officer of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, shall apply to every Man chosen by Lot, whose Time shall be within Four Months of expiring, and who in his Judgment, and after an Examination by the Surgeon of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, shall still be fit to serve as a Militia Man, and inquire if he is willing to continue in the Service for such Term as any Man

Half Price of Volunteers to be paid by Parish Officers out of the Rate to Persons ballotted who are not worth 5001.

Officers neglecting.

Penalty 101.

Such Allowance not to be paid where the Man is disapproved of.

Provision for re-enlisting (from Time to Time) Men whose Time is within Four Months of expiring, and who are willing to continue on Bounty.

484

C. 90.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Lists to be signed by Militia Man, &c. binding.

How Deputy Lieutenants to proceed to enroll such Men, and order Parish Officers to remit their Bounties to Paymaster.

Whenever Term of Service of Men is prolonged be-; yond Five Years, One Guinea per

who should be then ballotted to serve would be subject to, and for what Price or Sum he will so continue; and such Commanding Officer shall, on the First Day of the Months of

May, July, September and November respectively, or as soon after as conveniently may be, transmit to the Clerk of the General Meetings of the County, Riding or Place to which his Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia belongs, a List of all such Men in such Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia as he shall find willing to continue in the Service, in which List shall be set down the Sums they are respectively willing to continue for, and which List shall be signed by every such Militia Man as aforesaid, and shall be made in the following Form;

Dated the Day of

Name of the County. Names of the Men. Of the Parish of In the Hundred or other Division of Time of Service expires on the Sum for which they engage to serve. Signature of Consent.

A.B. P. H. A.B.

E. F. Q. I. E. F.

G. K. R. N. G. K.

And that the signing of the said List shall be binding upon the Persons signing the same, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

CXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the General Meetings of every County, Riding or Place aforesaid, shall, as soon after the Receipt of such Notices as the same can be done, transmit to the respective Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings, for the Use of the Deputy Lieutenants acting in such Subdivisions, correct Extracts of such Returns, specifying in every such Extract the Men that shall have been enrolled for the Subdivision to which the Clerk, to whom any such Extract is sent, shall belong; and thereupon it shall be lawful for such Deputy Lieutenants, if they shall think fit, to cause the Men willing to continue to serve as aforesaid to be enrolled as Volunteers for the particular and respective Parishes or Places for which they shall have been originally enrolled to serve, and in every such Case to direct apd require the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of such Parish or Place to remit the Bounty or Bounties to be given to such Men to the Paymaster of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, in which such Men shall be then serving, who shall forthwith pay or account to the said Men respectively for the same.

CXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Term of Service of any Person who shall have been chosen by Lot, and enrolled to serve in the Militia, shall be prolonged in the Manner herein directed beyond the Term of Five Years, then and in such Case the Receiver General for the County, Riding or Place, to which the Person so chosen by Lot and enrolled shall belong, shall

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 90.

485

and he is hereby required forthwith to pay to the Captain or other Commanding Officer of each Company respectively the Sum of One Guinea for every Person whose Time of Service shall be so prolonged, and shall in like Manner, so often as the Term of Service of any Person so chosen by Lot and enrolled to serve in the Militia shall be prolonged as aforesaid, pay the like further Sum of One Guinea (all which Money so paid by the Receiver General shall be allowed him in his Account), and the Money so received by any Captain or Commanding Officer, or so much thereof as such Captain or Commanding Officer shall think proper, shall be laid out in the Manner he shall think most advantageous for each respective Person so chosen by Lot and enrolled, and whose Time of Service shall be prolonged as aforesaid; and such Captain or Commanding Officer shall, on or before the Twenty fourth Day of the Month next ensuing that in which he shall have received any such Guinea, account to such Person how the said Sum or Sums have been applied and disposed of, and shall, at the Time of settling such Account as aforesaid, pay over to him the Remainder of the said Money, if any, which shall not have been so applied and disposed of.

CXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Term of Service of any Substitute, hired Man or Volunteer, serving in the Militia, shall, by reason of the Militia being embodied, continue beyond the Term of Five Years, then and in such Case the Receiver General for the County, Riding or Place to which such Substitute, hired Man or Volunteer shall belong, shall and he is hereby required forthwith to pay the Captain or other Commanding Officer of each Company respectively the Sum of One Guinea for every Substitute, hired Man or Volunteer, whose Term of Service shall so continue; and in case such Term shall so continue for more than Three Years beyond the said Term of Five Years, then, at the Expiration of the said Three Years, the said Receiver General shall pay the like further Sum of One Guinea for every Substitute, hired Man or Volunteer, whose Term shall so further continue; and shall in like Manner, at the Expiration of every additional Term of Three Years, pay the like further Sum of One Guinea (all which Money so paid by the Receiver General shall be allowed him in his Account); and the Money so received by any Captain or Commanding Officer, or so much thereof as such Captain or Commanding Officer shall think proper, shall be laid out in the Manner he shall think most advantageous for each respective Substitute, hired Man or Volunteer; and such Captain or Commanding Officer shall, on or before the Twenty fourth Day of the Month next ensuing that in which he shall have received such Money as aforesaid, account to such Substitute, hired Man or Volunteer, how the said Sum or Sums have been applied and disposed of, and shall at the Time of settling the Account as aforesaid pay over to such Substitute, hired Man or Volunteer, the Remainder of the said Money (if any) which shall not have been so applied, disposed of and accounted for.

CXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person sworn and enrolled in the said Militia, either as a Substitute or Volunteer (not labouring under any Infirmity incapacitating him to serve as a Militia Man), shall not with due Diligence join the Regiment, 42 Geo. III. K k Battalion

Man paid by Receiver General to the Captain for Necessaries.

Captain to account for same to Men;

and so for Substitutes or Volunteers; and a like Bounty at the End of every Three Years of their further prolonged Service.

Substitutes or Volunteers not joining, or any of them, or any Serjeant, Sec.

486

C. 90.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

deserting, &c. adjudged to further Service in Militia, or to Service in the other Forces.

How such Men shall.‘be enlisted, &c. in the K egulars.

When whole Number of Militia ordered out, if any afterwards desert, &c. or absent Three Months, Vacancies filled up by Ballot.

Battalion or Corps of Militia of the County, Riding or Place for which he shall be so sworn and enrolled (in case such Regiment, Battalion or Company shall then be embodied), according to such Order as shall be given him in that respect by the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, or any of them, or by any Officer of the said Regiment, Battalion or Corps, or by any other Person authorized to give such Order, or if any Person serving in any embodied Militia as a Substitute or Volunteer, or any Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, shall desert or absent himself from his Duty, every such Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or private Militia Man shall be liable to be apprehended and punished, according to the Provisions of any Act which shall be then in force for the punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and of the Articles of War made in pursuance of the same, and may by a General Court Martial be adjudged to further Service in the said Militia for some Period to be limited, or to Service in His Majesty's other Forces, without Limitation as to the Period or Place of such Service, according as the Court Martial before whom he shall be tried shall think fit to direct; and in case the said Court shall adjudge such Militia Man to serve in His Majesty's other Forces, and such Sentence shall be approved by His Majesty, it shall be lawful, by Order under the Hand of the Secretary at War, or his Deputy, to cause such Man, if found fit for general Service, on Examination by a Surgeon of His Majesty's other Forces, to be entered as a private Soldier, to serve in such Regiment or Corps of His Majesty's other Forces as shall be directed in such Order, or for general Service, and to be forthwith conveyed either to the Head Quarters of the Regiment or Corps in which he shall be so entered, or to the Head Quarters for Recruits belonging to His Majesty's Regiments on foreign Stations (as the Case may require); and such Substitute or Volunteer shall, from the Time of his being delivered over to be so conveyed as aforesaid, be subject and liable to all the like Penalties and Punishments contained in any Act then in force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, as if he had been originally enlisted for general Service, or for the Regiment or Corps in which he shall be so ordered to be entered as aforesaid.

CXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the whole Number of Persons enrolled in the said Militia for any County, Riding or Place, shall have been ordered to be drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, and in case any of the Persons so ordered to be drawn out and embodied, shall afterwards make Default, either by not appearing in pursuance of any such Order as aforesaid, or by Desertion or Absence from Duty, and such Person shall not be taken within the Space of Three Months from the Time of such Default, Desertion or Absence, then a Vacancy shall be declared by the Deputy Lieutenants at their First Meeting to be holden for the Subdivision for which such Person was enrolled, next after the Receipt of the Certificate of such Default, Desertion or Absence, under the Hand of the Officer commanding the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which such Person belonged, and the Vacancy thus occasioned shall be forthwith filled up by a fresh Ballot.

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 90. 487

CXXIX. And Whereas it may be expedient, that only such a < Proportion of the Militia, and in such of the Counties, Ridings and Places as shall be specified in any Order of His Majesty, 4 should be drawn out and embodied in the first Instance, and that the Appointment of the private Men necessary to constitute such Proportion should be made or decided by Ballot or otherwise as is herein after mentioned in each Subdivision or District,

without assembling them previously out of the Subdivision or District to which they belong Be it therefore enacted, That the Lieutenant of every County, Riding or Place, or (in case of Vacancy, or in the Absence of the Lieutenant from his County, Riding or Place,) any Three or more Deputy Lieutenants, to whom any Order of His Majesty for the Purpose of embodying the said Militia, or such Part or Proportion thereof, as His Majesty shall have judged necessary, and ordered to be embodied, shall have been directed, shall, as soon after the Receipt thereof as conveniently may be, issue his or their Order to the Clerks of the several Subdivision Meetings in such County, Riding or Place, to prepare and make out a full and true List, containing the Names of all Persons enrolled to serve in the said Militia by virtue of this Act, within each Subdivision respectively, and arranged according to their Classes as herein-before mentioned, before a Day to be specified in the said Order of the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, and which Day shall not be later then Three Days after the Date of such Order; and the said Clerks shall, within the Time fixed by such Order, prepare and make out such Lists accordingly, and also Two Duplicates thereof, One of which Duplicates shall be for the Use of the Deputy Lieutenants at their respective Subdivision Meetings, and the other Duplicate thereof shall be transmitted to the Clerk of the General Meetings, for the Use of the Lieutenant of the County, Riding or Place, or the Deputy Lieutenants who shall have issued such Order as aforesaid.

CXXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, to whom His Majesty's Order shall be directed, shall, at the Time of issuing his or their Order herein-before mentioned, also issue his or their Order for assembling all the Men of the said Militia within their respective Subdivisions, or at such Place or Places within their respective Counties, Ridings or Places, and in such Proportions as to the said Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid shall appear most expedient, on the Day or Days to be specified in such his or their Order to the Chief Constable, or other Officers of the several Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes or other Divisions within such County, Riding or Place, with Directions immediately to issue Precepts conformable thereto to the Constables, Tything-men, Headboroughs or other Officers of the several Parishes, Tythings and Places within the said Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes and Divisions respectively; and such Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs or other Officers, are hereby required, upon Receipt thereof, forthwith to cause Notice in Writing to be given to the several Men of the said Militia, or left at their usual Places of Abode, within their respective Parishes, Tythings or Places, to attend within their respective Subdivisions or Districts, at the Time and Place mentioned in such Order, and shall also

On embodying Militia, or any Proportion thereof, County Lieutenant, &c. to order Subdivision Clerks to make out Lists of Persons enrolled in Classes with a Duplicate for Deputy Lieutenants, and another to be transmitted to General Meetings;

and also Orders to Chief Constables, &c. for assembling the Men within their respective Subdivisions.

Constables to give Notices for Men to attend.

*88

C. 90.

*2 GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Men not appearing, & c. deemed Deserters.

Penalty 101. and liable to be embodied.

County Lieutenant, &c. to appoint the First Subdivision Meeting for balloting, &c. of which Deputy Lieutenants to give Notice, and ballot for Men accordingly; a List of whom to be returned to County Lieutenant, &c.

cause a like Notice thereof to be affixed on the Doors of the Churches or Chapels belonging to their respective Parishes, Ty things or Places, or (if any Place shall have no Church or Chapel belonging the reto) on the Door of the Church or Chapel of some Parish, Tything or Place thereunto adjoining, which Notice shall be deemed a sufficient Notice to every Person enrolled by virtue of this Act, notwithstanding any Omission in the Delivery of written Notices in Manner herein directed; and all such Militia Men shall duly attend at the Time and Place appointed in such Notices respectively.

CXXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person of the said Militia, not labouring under any Infirmity incapacitating him to serve as a Militia Man, shall not appear in pursuance of such Order, or appearing, shall not abide the Orders of the Deputy Lieutenants attending in pursuance of this Act, every such Person shall be deemed a Deserter, and if not taken previously to the Completion of the Ballot at which such Person ought to attend in pursuance of this Act, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, and shall be deemed and taken to be a Person liable to be embodied within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, and to serve according to the Directions herein contained, over and above the Number to be chosen by Ballot as aforesaid.

CXXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid of every County, Riding or Place, or any Three or more of them, shall appoint the First Meeting to be holden by the several Deputy Lieutenants of the same County, Riding or Place within their respective Subdivisions, or at such other Place or Places as shall have been appointed as aforesaid, on the Day mentioned in such Order as aforesaid, for assembling the Men of the said Militia, in order to their being chosen or ballotted to serve according to the Directions of this Act, and shall also appoint the Time and Place of assembling such of the said Men as shall be so chosen or ballotted within their respective Counties, Ridings or Places, in order to their being embodied; of which several Appointments the respective Deputy Lieutenants shall have Notice; and all the Men enrolled on the List of every such Subdivision or District, and appearing in pursuance of such Order on the Day so to be appointed, shall be then mustered by the said Deputy Lieutenants; and the said Deputy Lieutenants shall at such Meeting proceed in the Manner by this Act directed, to cause a Number of the Men so appearing to be chosen or ballotted for, according to the Directions of this Act, equal to such Proportion of the complete Number that had been or ought to be enrolled by virtue of this Act, on the List of such Subdivision or District, as shall or may be specified in His Majesty's Order for drawing out and embodying any Part or Proportion of the Militia as aforesaid, and to cause the Names of all the Persons chosen and ballotted to be marked on the List of such Subdivision or District; and when the Choice and Ballot shall be concluded, the said Deputy Lieutenants shall cause the List of such Subdivision or District to be publickly called; and as the Name of each Person contained therein shall be read, shall then and there declare whether such Person is or is not (as the Case may be) chosen or ballotted out of such List in the Manner herein-

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 90. 489

before provided; and the Names of all the Persons so chosen and ballotted, shall be returned to the Lieutenant of the County, Riding or Place for which such Persons are enrolled, or to the Deputy Lieutenants who shall have given such Order as aforesaid; and the Persons so chosen and ballotted shall be embodied to serve according to the true Intent of this Act; and the said Deputy Lieutenants shall openly declare to the Men who have been so chosen or ballotted the Time and Place of their assembling, in order to their being embodied; and all and every such Persons or Person who shall have been declared to be so chosen or ballotted shall immediately proceed and repair to, and shall duly attend at the Time and Place so to be appointed and declared, in order to their or his being embodied accordingly; and all and every such Persons or Person as shall be so declared not to have been so chosen or ballotted as aforesaid shall be discharged from further Attendance in pursuance of such Order as aforesaid.

CXXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Deputy Lieutenants, in their several Subdivision Meetings, and before they proceed to choose or ballot, as herein-before directed, to revise and correct the Names of the Men contained in such Class or Classes, according to the several Changes or Alterations that may have taken Place since the last Revisal or Correction thereof.

CXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever His Majesty shall think fit to draw out and embody a Part or Proportion only of the Militia of any County, Riding or Place, the Deputy Lieutenants in their several Subivisions shall, before they proceed to choose or ballot for the private Men who are to form such Part or Proportion, examine the Classes of the Descriptions herein-before mentioned, entered according to the Provisions of this Act; and in every Case in which the Part or Proportion of the Militia required to be called out in such Subdivision shall equal the Number of Men contained in such First or First and Second, or other succeeding Classes, in their Order, then and in such Case the Men contained in such Class or Classes, as the Case may be, shall be forthwith chosen without any Ballot; and when the Proportion of Men so required, as aforesaid shall be less than the Number of Men contained in such First Class, then such Proportion shall be ballotted for out of such Class only, and no other; and when the Proportion so required as aforesaid shall exceed the Number of Men contained in the First, or First and any succeeding Class or Classes, in the Order in which they shall so stand as aforesaid, the Deputy Lieutenants shall first choose all the Men in such First Class, or First and next succeeding Class or Classes, until such Proportion shall be as near as may be completed, and shall then proceed to ballot, in Manner directed by this Act, for the Remainder of the Proportion so required as aforesaid, out of the Class immediately following the last Class that shall have been wholly taken towards making up such Proportion as aforesaid; and the Deputy Lieutenants shall proceed in like Manner for the supplying of any further Part or Proportion of Militia, in case any further Part should be afterwards ordered by His Majesty to be embodied, and shall, during the Whole of the Time that a Part or Proportion only of the Militia shall remain embodied, supply all

Deputy Lieutenants may correct Classes.

When only Part of Militia embodied, Deputy Lieutenants to choose or ballot Men according to their respective Classes, beginning with the First.

490

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Where Persons enrolled in any Subdivision shall be absent, &c. for Three Months, Vacancy filled up out of such Subdivision.

Persons herein described enrolled, if not ballotted, may volunteer to serve.

Allowance to Men attending Ballot, and not being chosen.

Subdivision Clerks may draw on Receivers General

C. 90.'

Vacancies, as they shall arise, in such Part or Proportion, out of the Classes as they stand in Succession, and shall in no Case proceed to ballot for the supplying of any Vacancy out of any Class, until all the Men contained in the preceding Class or Classes, who shall be able and fit to join such Militia, shall have been chosen for that Purpose.

CXXXV. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Militia, or any Part or Proportion of the Militia of any County, Riding or Place, shall have been ordered to be drawn out and embodied in pursuance of this Act, in case any of the Persons enrolled in any Subdivision of such County, Riding or Place, the Militia whereof shall be so ordered to be drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, shall make Default either by not appearing in pursuance of any such Order as aforesaid, or by Desertion or Absence from Duty, and such Person shall not be taken within the Space of Three Months from the Time of such Default, then a Vacancy shall be declared by the Deputy Lieutenants, at their First Meeting to be holden for the Subdivision for which the Person so making Default was enrolled, next after the Receipt of the Certificate of such Default, Desertion or Absence, under the Hands of the Officer commanding the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which such Person belonged; and the Vacancy thus occasioned shall be forthwith filled up by a fresh Ballot within the Subdivision aforesaid.

CXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person enrolled by virtue of this Act and not chosen or ballotted as aforesaid, who shall not have any Child or Children living under the Age of Fourteen Years, and who shall not be more than Thirty five Years of Age, shall offer himself as a Volunteer to be drawn out and embodied in the Room of any Person so chosen or ballotted, it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants, at any Meeting, to accept such Volunteer, in the Room of such Person so chosen or ballotted as aforesaid, and such Person so accepted shall serve as if he had himself been so chosen or ballotted in Manner aforesaid.

CXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Man of the said Militia who shall appear and attend at the Ballot to be taken as herein-before directed, and who shall not be chosen or ballotted as aforesaid, shall be entitled to an Allowance, after the Rate of One Shilling per Diem, during the Time he shall be necessarily employed from Home, in going to and continuing at and returning from the Place to be appointed for such Ballot, not to exceed Three Days, to be paid by the Clerk of the Subdivision or other Meeting in which such Men shall be enrolled; and on the Certificate of the Number of Men so paid, under the Hands of such Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace respectively, or where no Deputy Lieutenant shall there attend, then of any One such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, the Receiver General of such County, Riding or Place shall reimburse to the said Clerk the Sums so paid, out of any Monies in his Hands, of any Aid granted by Parliament by Way of Land Tax.-

CXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Clerks of the Subdivision or other Meetings shall be, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to draw on the Receiver J General

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 90. 491

General of the Land Tax for the County, Riding or Place, for such Sum or Sums of Money as such Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace respectively, or where no Deputy Lieutenant shall attend, then as One Justice of the Peace shall, by any Order under their or his respective Hands or Hand, direct and appoint, which Sum or Sums of Money shall be applied by such respective Clerks for paying the Allowances herein-before directed to be made; and the Receipt of any such Clerk, together with such Order, shall be to the said Receiver General of the Land Tax a sufficient Discharge for the Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and be allowed in his Account.

CXXXIX. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of each Subdivision or other Meeting shall, when required by such Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace, or where no Deputy Lieutenant shall attend, then by One Justice of the Peace, make out an Account of the respective Sums of Money by him received and paid, in pursuance of this Act, to be by them examined, allowed and signed; and the Account so examined, allowed and signed, shall be and is hereby directed to be the proper Voucher and Acquittal of such Clerk for the Application and Disposal of such Money.

CXL. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to debar His Majesty from ordering the Remainder of the said Militia or so many of the Remainder of the said Militia of any County, Riding or Place, as His Majesty shall in His Wisdom think proper to be drawn out and embodied whenever the Occasion shall require, according to the Provisions prescribed by this Act.

CXLI. And be it further enacted, That whenever His Majesty shall think fit to draw out and embody any further Proportion of the Militia of any County, Riding or Place, it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant of such County, Riding or Place, or Three or more Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, and he and they is and are hereby respectively required to cause such further Proportion to be drawn out and embodied as His Majesty shall order; and in so doing such Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants respectively, and also all and every the Deputy Lieutenants, and all other Officers aforesaid respectively, shall pursue the Rules and Directions herein-before prescribed for drawing out and embodying the First Proportion thereof.

CXLII. And be it further enacted, That if during "uch Time as any Part of the Militia which shall have been drawn out and embodied for Service shall continue embodied, His Majesty shall deem it expedient that the Militia of any County, Riding or Place, or any Part thereof which shall not at such Time be actually embodied for Service, should be drawn out in order to be mustered, trained and exercised for a limited Time, instead of being so embodied for Service according to the Provisions of this Act, it shall be lawful for His Majesty to direct the Lieutenants or Deputy Lieutenants of all or any of the said Counties, Ridings or Places, to cause the said Militia not actually embodied or any Part thereof to be drawn out in order to be mustered, trained and exercised in such Proportion and for such Time and at such Place or Places as shall be appointed with the Approbation of His Majesty, by the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants in Manner as is herein-before

for Amount of such Allowances.

Such Clerks to account.

His Majesty may embody Remainder of Militia;

whereupon like Proceedings shall be had as before directed.

Such Part of Militia as is not embodied may be drawn out to be exercised.

492

C. 90.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Regulations for Attendance of Officers, &c. on embodying Militia.

His Majesty may from Time to Time disembody Militia and reembody them.

Militia disembodied, subject to Orders only, as before drawn out.

In case of Invasion or Rebellion, His Majesty may by Proclamation increase Militia, as herein mentioned, and County Lieutenants and Deputies apportion Number, and proceed to

directed for training and exercising the disembodied Militia; and the same shall be mustered, trained and exercised accordingly.

CXLIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Whole of the Militia of any County, Riding or Place is ordered to be embodied, all the Officers, Non Commissioned Officers and Drummers of every Regiment, Battalion or Corps of the Militia of such County, Riding or Place, shall immediately join the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which they respectively belong at the Time and Place appointed for the embodying such Militia; and whenever the Militia of any County, Riding or Place is called out and embodied by Detachments or Divisions under any Order of His Majesty for that Purpose, pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, it shall be lawful for His Majesty to order and direct the Proportion and Description of Officers, Non Commissioned Officers and Drummers who shall accompany such Detachments or Divisions of Men, and the respective Establishments of such Detachments or Divisions, and also to regulate the Numbers and Duties of all such Officers, Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers as shall remain within any such County, Riding or Place, for the mustering, training and exercising of the Remainder of the private Militia Men thereof, as the Service may require, and to His Majesty may seem most fit and convenient.

CXLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty from Time to Time as he shall think fit to disembody any Part or Proportion of any Militia of any County, Riding or Place, embodied under this Act, and from Time to Time again to draw out and embody any such Militia so disembodied as aforesaid, or any Proportion thereof as to His Majesty shall seem necessary, according to the Rules and Provisions of this Act.

CXLV. And be it further enacted, That when the Militia, or any Part thereof having been so drawn out into actual Service as aforesaid, shall be again duly disembodied, and the Officers and Men thereof dismissed to return to their several Places of Abode, the Officers, Non Commissioned Officers, Drummers and private Men, shall be subject to the same Orders, Directions and Engagements only as they were subject to under the Provisions of this Act before they were so drawn out into actual Service as aforesaid.

CXLVI. And Whereas it may be expedient that in all Cases of actual Invasion or of imminent Danger thereof, and in case of Rebellion, His Majesty should be empowered to increase without Delay the Number of Militia Forces, for the more effectual Protection and Defence of this Realm Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty (the Occasion being first communicated to Parliament, if the Parliament shall be then sitting, or declared in Council, and notified by Proclamation, if no Parliament shall be then sitting or in being,) to order and direct by His Royal Proclamation, that in Addition to the Number of Men required by or under the foregoing Provisions of this Act to be raised by the several Counties, Ridings and Places herein mentioned, there shall be forthwith raised and enrolled in the said several Counties, Ridings and Places, any Number of Men not exceeding the Proportion of One Half of the Whole Number of Men before required by or under this Act to be raised by each County, Riding and Place; and the Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants respectively

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 90. 493

of the said Counties, Ridings and Places shall, immediately on the issuing of any such Proclamation, assemble and forthwith proceed to apportion the Number of Men required to be raised in their respective Counties, Ridings and Places, among the several Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes or other Divisions, and also among the several Parishes, Tythings or Places therein respectively; and shall thereafter proceed to raise and enroll such Men at such Time or Times as shall be specified for that Purpose in such Proclamation; and all the Powers, Provisions, Regulations, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures Bounties, Allowances, Clauses, Matters and Things in this Act contained relative to the Militia shall be applied, practised, enforced and put in Execution for the raising, training and exercising, and for the embodying and calling out into actual Service the Supplementary Militia, so ordered and directed to be raised and enrolled, in as full and ample a Manner in every respect as far as the same can be applied and put in force as if the said Number of Men so added to the Militia had been included in the Number of Men required and directed to be raised by virtue of this Act.

CXLVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever His Majesty shall cause the Supplementary Militia to be raised and enrolled, or drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, if the Parliament shall then be separated by such Adjournment or Prorogation as will not expire within Fourteen Days, His Majesty may and shall issue a Proclamation for the Meeting of the Parliament within Fourteen Days, and the Parliament shall accordingly meet and sit upon such Day as shall be appointed by such Proclamation, and continue to sit and act in like Manner to all Intents and Purposes as if it had stood adjourned or prorogued to (he same Day.

CXLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty from Time to Time (whenever he shall deem it expedient to reduce the Whole or any Part of the Supplementary Militia by his Royal Proclamation to declare such Reduction accordingly; and in case the said Supplementary Militia or any Part thereof, shall be then embodied) to disembody the same or any Number of private Militia Men equal thereto, without regard to whether such Men were raised and enrolled in pursuance of any Proclamation, for raising the Supplementary Militia, or were enrolled before, and were serving at the Time of the issuing thereof; and the private Militia Men so disembodied as aforesaid, or so many of them as may have been enrolled and not embodied at the Time of issuing such Proclamation, shall nevertheless remain liable to serve for the respective Periods for which they shall have been respectively enrolled to serve, and shall during such Periods supply all the Vacancies that may arise in the respective Parishes or Places, or United Parishes or Places for which they shall have been so enrolled, whenever called upon so to do; and the Deputy Lieutenants of the respective Subdivisions shall from Time to Time cause any Man or Men, as the Case may be, that may be required for supplying any Vacancy or Vacancies in the established Militia that may arise for any Parish or Place, or United Parishes or Places in their respective Subdivisions, to be taken from their respective Classes as aforesaid, orballotted as the Case may require, according to the Provisions in this Act contained, relating to the taking Men for the Militia from Classes, until all the Men so remaining

raise and enrol Men, as specified in Proclamation.

In such Case Parliament called together.

His Majesty, by Proclamation, may reduce and disembody such Supplementary Militia, and the Privates shall remain liable to serve for the Periods for which enrolled, and shall supply Vacancies for the Places where originally enrolled.

494

C. 90.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

The Powers respecting Northumberland extended to Berwick upon. Tweed;

and if Persons qualified found there, Chief Magistrate to appoint Five Deputy Lieutenants, ai:d a proportionate Number of Officers, who shall join Militia of Northumberland.

Governor of Isle of Wight to appoint the Officers, &c. of that Militia, with same Qualification as in Wales.

liable, and that shall be fit to serve, shall have supplied such Vacancies: Provided always, that no Ballot shall take place for the raising and enrolling any Man to supply any Vacancy that may arise from any Parish or Place, so long as the same can be supplied from any Men or by any Man then enrolled for such Parish or Place that shall remain liable and be fit to serve: Provided also, that no Man so remaining liable to serve as aforesaid for any Parish or Place shall be called upon or be liable to supply any Vacancy arising for any other Parish or Place than that for which he shall be originally enrolled to serve under the Provisions of this Act: Provided also, that no such Man so remaining liable to supply such Vacancy as aforesaid shall, during the Time he so remains liable, be capable of being enlisted into His Majesty's regular Forces.

CXLIX. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers given and Provisions made by this Act with respect to the County of Northumberland, and the Militia thereof, shall extend to the Town of Berwick upon Tweed and the Liberties thereof (except only in such Cases where by this Act it is otherwise expressly provided for); and that out of the Persons returned in the Lists for the said Town of Berwick upon Tweed a Number of private Militia Men shall be chosen by Ballot to serve for the said Town, in the same Proportion with the private Militia Men appointed to serve for the other Hundreds, Wards and other Divisions within the said County of Northumberland;and if Persons can be found within the said Town and Liberties thereof with such Qualifications as are required for Deputy Lieutenants and Officers within Cities and Towns which are Counties of themselves, the Chief Magistrate of the said Town of Berwick upon Tweed shall appoint Five Deputy Lieutenants, and such Number of Officers of the Militia as shall be proportional to the Number of Militia Men which the said Town shall raise as their Quota towards the Militia of the County of Northumberland; and the Lieutenant of the said County and Deputy Lieutenants, and all other Officers and Persons acting in the Execution of this Act for raising and training the Militia within the said County, are hereby authorized and required to put this Act into Execution within the said Town and the Liberties thereof, but subject nevertheless to such Penalties as are inflicted upon Deputy Lieutenants and other Officers of the Militia for acting, not being duly qualified; and that the Militia Men to be chosen for the said Town shall join the Militia of the County of Northumberland, and be exercised together, and shall then, and also in Time of actual Service, be deemed Part of the Militia of the County of Northumberland.

CL. And Whereas the ordering the Militia of the Isle of Wight has always been in the Governor or Lieutenant Governor of the said Island;’ Be it enacted, That after the Number of Persons which the said Island is to furnish to the Militia of the County of Southampton shall have been appointed, as by this Act is directed, by His Majesty's Lieutenant and the Deputy Lieutenants, or by the Deputy Lieutenants of the said County at large, the Governor of the said Island shall appoint the Officers of the Militia to be raised in the said Island, and shall and is hereby empowered and required to act in the Execution of this Act, in the same Manner as His Majesty's Lieutenants of Counties are hereby empowered

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 90.

495

and required to act, and shall appoint Five or more Deputies to act for him in and for the said Island, which Deputies and Officers of the Militia shall be qualified in the same Manner, and are hereby empowered and required to act in the Execution of this Act in the same Manner and under the same Directions, Provisions and Penalties, as Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia in the several Counties within the Dominion of Wales are by this Act subject to; and the Militia of the said Island shall be raised in the same Manner as the Militia of the County of and shall be deemed a Part of the Militia of the said County; and after the same shall be so raised, the said Governor, Lieutenant Governor and Deputies, shall order and direct the training and exercising the said Militia within the said Island, in the same Manner as His Majesty's Lieutenants and the Deputy Lieutenants are by this Act authorized and directed to do in any County within that Part of Great Britain called and the Militia

so raised within the said Island shall be continued and remain within the said Island as an internal Defence thereof, unless His Majesty shall otherwise order and direct.

CLI. And be it further enacted, That for the several Purposes of this Act, the Constablery of C, which is a Parcel of the County of Durham, surrounded by Part of the North Riding of the County of York, shall be deemed to be situate within and Part of the said North Riding; and that Part of the Parish of Maker, which lies in the County of Cornwall,shall be deemed to be situate within and Part of the County of Cornwall; and that the Town and Parish of Wokingham shall be deemed to be situate within and Part of the County of Berks ;and that the Township of Filey shall be deemed to be situate within and Part of the East Riding of the County of York; and that Threapwood shall be deemed to be situate within and Part of the Parish of Worthenbury in the County of Flint; and that the Parish of Saint Martin, called Stamford Baron, in the Suburbs of the Borough and Town of Stanford, on the South Side of the Waters called Welland, shall be deemed to be situate within and Part of the County of

CLII. And be it farther enacted, That the several Towns and Places herein-before'mentioned, and deemed to be situate within and Part of the several Counties, Ridings and Places aforesaid, for the Purposes of this Act, shall be subject to the Jurisdiction and Authority of the Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, Justices of the Peace and other Officers of the respective Counties, Ridings and Places within which such Towns and Places are hereby deemed to be situate; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

CLIII. And Whereas the Militia of the City of London are

now raised and regulated under and by virtue of Two several Acts passed in the Thirty sixth and Thirty ninth Years respectively of the Reign of His present Majesty: And Whereas the Mi-1 litia of the Tower Hamlets are now raised and regulated by Two

several Acts passed in the Thirty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and the same are thereby respectively made subject to certain of the Provisions contained in the said recited Act of the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty by this Act repealed Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing, of this Act, all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Powers,

Authorities,

Such Militia deemed Part of that of County of Southampton, but to remain in the Island unless otherwise ordered.

Craike deemed Part of Yorkshire, N. It.; and so of Maker in Cornwall; Wokingham, Berks; Filey, Yorkshire,

E. It.; Threapwood, of Flintshire; and Stamford Baron, Lincolnshire

and subject to the Lieutenants, &c. of those Counties.

Militia of London regulated under 56 G. 5.

496

C. 90.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

c. 92. &39G.5, Authorities, Punishments, Bounties, Penalties, Forfeitures, Mat-c. 82.; and of ters and Things in this Act contained in relation to any Persons, under's? G. 4cts> Matters and Things as to which the said Act of the Twenty

cc. 25. 75. toge- sixth Year aforesaid, or any of the Clauses or Provisions thereof,

ther with this were in force or applicable as to the said respective Militias,

Act, as they shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be applied, practised

26 G 3ltU 107 an(^ Put *n ^orce as SLlch Persons, Matters and Things, c‘ as far as the same can be applied, and are not contrary to any of the Provisions of the said respective Acts or any or|either of them, as fully and effectually in all respects as if the said Acts and this Act, and the respective Provisions thereof, were consolidated into One Act: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to repeal any of the Provisions of the said Acts, or either of them, other than such as are in and by the said Acts made subject to the Rules, Regulations, Clauses, Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act of the Twenty sixth Year aforesaid.

Act not to ex- CLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing o^Devon^nd^ *n Act c°ntained shall extend to the Tinners in the Counties and Cornwall. Devon and Cornwall, but that the Warden of the Stannaries, in pursuance of His Majesty's Commission in that Behalf, and such as he shall commissionate and authorize under him, shall have and use the like Powers, and array, assess, arm, muster and exercise the said Tinners within the said Counties, or either of them, as hath been heretofore used, and according to the ancient Privileges and Customs of the said Stannaries.

Warden of CLV. And be it further enacted, That the Warden of the

Cmque Ports, Cinque Ports, Two ancient Towns and their Members, and in County^Lieute- Absence his Lieutenant or Lieutenants, shall put in Execution

nants, &c. within the said Ports, Towns and Members, all the Powers and Authorities given and granted by this Act, in the like Manner as Lieutenants of Counties and their Deputy Lieutenants may do; and shall keep up and continue the usual Number of Soldiers in the said Ports, Towns and Members, unless he or t^renia^n^ey find cause to lessen the same; and the Militia of the ratcfrom Rlilftia sa‘d Ports, Towns and Members shall remain separate from of Counties, and the Militia of the several Counties, within which the said Ports, may be drawn Towns and Members are situate; and it shall be lawful for the out into actual said Warden, or his Lieutenant or Lieutenants, in pursuance of Service though Orders from His Majesty, in the Manner prescribed by the Act may not have the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of King Charles the

been reimburs- Second, notwithstanding One or more Months Pay advanced be ed, &c. (as not reimbursed, to raise and draw out the Soldiers into actual under 13 & 14 Service, and to cause the Persons charged as by the said Act to pro-Car. 2. c. 5.)yj^e t]leir Soldiers with Pay in Hand, not exceeding One Month’s Pay, in such Manner as if all the Pay advanced and provided had been reimbursed; and to use the like Powers, and to array, assess and arm, muster and exercise the said Soldiers, and to make Assessments, and issue Warrants for the Assessments made or to be made for raising any Trophy Money, and for defraying the necessary Charges of Trophies, and other incident Expences of the Militia of the said Ports, Towns and Members, as hath been heretofore used, and according to their ancient Privileges and Customs; any Thing in the said Act or this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 90.

4 97

CLVI. And Whereas, for the different Rapes in the Counties of Sussex and East Kent, there are no Peace Officers who i can act officially for such Rapes: And WThereas the Rapes in the said Counties are the most convenient Districts to be

appointed as the Subdivisions for the Deputy Lieutenants to

‘ execute the several Purposes directed by this Act, and do contain within their Boundaries several Hundreds, to each of which there is a Peace Officer belonging: And Whereas the

‘ Boroughs and Tythings over which there are Headboroughs,

‘ Tythingmen or other Peace Officers, are uncertain in their Boundaries, and often include Parts of various Parishes, from which great Inconveniences arise both in ballotting for the Men to be drawn by Lot for the Service of the said Militia, and also 1 in the Payment of the Money directed to be paid by the Parishes to those who may be allotted to serve: And Whereas it would i be more expedient that the ballotting for Men to serve in the i said Militia for the Counties of Sussex and Kent should be by i the Division of Parishes, to which Division there are no Peace

‘ Officers Be it therefore enacted, That His Majesty's Lieu- Churchwardens tenant, or on his Death or Removal, or in his Absence, any and Overseers Three or more Deputy Lieutenants of the Counties of Sussex and Sussex and Kent respectively, may and shall issue out his or their Orders to 6

the Chief Constable of the several Hundreds in the Rapes in the Men liable to said Counties, where their Subdivisions may have been or may be 6erve, &c. and appointed, directing such Chief Constables to issue their Precepts have the same and Orders to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of P°'versas Con-each Parish within their respective Hundreds or other Divisions, 111 other

to return to the Deputy Lieutenants within their respective Subdivisions, at the Place and on the Days by them directed, fair and true Lists in Writing of the Names of all the Men usually dwelling within their respective Parishes, between the Ages of Eighteen and Forty five, distinguishing their respective Ranks and Occupations, and in like Manner in every respect and for such several Purposes as are by this Act directed to be done and performed by the Constables, Tythingmen, Headboroughs or other Officers of each Parish, Tything or Place within their respective Hundreds or other Divisions; and that the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the several Parishes in the said Counties, to whom such Precepts and Orders shall be issued, shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be deemed the Officers of such Parish, and shall be invested with the same Powers and Authorities, and be liable to the same Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, as the Constable, Tything-man, Headborough or other Officer of any Parish, Tything or Place, is invested with or subject and liable to by virtue of this Act.

CLVII. And Whereas it may happen through Neglect or otherwise, that in some County, Riding or Place the Militia may not be raised according to the Directions of this Act; and

it is just and reasonable that all His Majesty's Subjects should contribute equally towards the Expence of raising and supporting a Militia for the Defence of the Realm Be it therefore

further enacted, That the Lieutenant, or any Three Deputy Lieu- County Lieutenants of every County, Riding and Place where the Militia shall tenants> be raised according to the Directions of this Act, shall, on or be- annually to. fore the Twenty fifth Day of December in every Year, transmit a SfSReturra of

Certificate Militia to

498

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Clerks of the Peace to be filed;

or Clerk of Peace shall certify the Default.

Where Quota of any County, &c. shall not be raised, 101. to be annually paid for each Man deficient, for which the Sessions shall make an Assessment.

Such Assessments shall be made on each Parish proportionally.

C. 90.

Certificate to the Clerk of the Peace, containing an Account of the Names, Number and Rank of the Officers, and the Number of Non Commissioned Officers, Drummers and private Men of the Militia of that Year and the Time during which such Militia hath been trained and exercised; and every such Clerk of the Peace shall deliver such Certificate to the Justices of the Peace at their General Quarter Sessions to be held next after the Twenty fifth Day of December in every Year, on the Day on which such Session shall be opened, and the same shall be filed amongst the Records of such Session; but where no such Certificate shall be received by the Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, he shall certify the same under his Hand and Seal to the Justices so assembled, and such Certificate of the said Clerk of the Peace shall be filed amongst the Records of such Session.

[ § 168.

CLVIII. And be it further enacted, That in every County, Riding or Place in which the full Number of Men required by or in pursuance of any of the Provisions of this Act, as the Quota of such County, Riding or Place, shall not be raised and completed within Six Months after the passing of this Act, or after the same shall have been fixed and established by any subsequent Order of His Majesty in Council as herein-before directed, then and in every such Case the Sum of Ten Pounds (a) shall be annually paid for and in lieu of every private Militia Man less than the Quota of such County, Riding or Place, who shall not have been raised within the Time limited by this Act; and the Justices of the Peace and Magistrates of every such County, Riding and Place, assembled at the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held next after the Expiration of the said Six Months shall, upon the Receipt of the Certificate of the Lieutenant or Three Deputy Lieutenants, which Certificate he and they is and are hereby required to transmit to the Clerk of the Peace for such County, Riding or Place, in order to be laid before the said Justices and Magistrates respectively at such Sessions, rate and assess the said Sum of Ten Pounds per Man as aforesaid upon every such County, Riding or Place; and in case at any future Time the Number of Men required to be provided for the Militia of any County, Riding or Place, according to the several Provisions of this Act, shall not be provided within Three Calendar Months after the Lieutenant or any One of the Three Deputy Lieutenants shall have had Notice from or by the Order of the Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of such Militia of any such Deficiency, then and in every such Case the Justices and Magistrates as aforesaid, assembled at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden for the County, Riding or Place, after such Deficiency shall have been made known to them by the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, shall rate and assess the like Sum of Ten Pounds for every Man so deficient as aforesaid, upon every County, Riding or Place. (a) [See § 169.

CLIX. And be it further enacted, That the Justices and Magistrates aforesaid, in making any such Rate and Assessment upon the Whole of any County, Riding or Place, shall apportion the Sums so to be assessed as aforesaid, and rate and assess the same upon the several Parishes and Tythings in such County, Riding or Place, in the same Proportions in which the Men for

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 00.

499

the Militia are required to be raised by such Parishes and Tythings respectively, according to such Appointment as may have been made thereof in pursuance of this Act, or to the last Apportionment that shall have been made of Men to be raised by each Parish and Tything.

CLX. And be it further enacted, That when in any County, Riding or Place, such Deficiency of Men shall arise from the Default of any particular Parish or Tything, or Parishes or Ty-things in such County, Riding or Place, in not raising the Proportion or respective Proportions of Men required to be raised by any such Parish or Tything,* or Parishes or Tythings, then and in such Cases the said Justices and Magistrates, in making such Rate and Assessment as aforesaid, shall rate and assess all and every such Sum and Sums of Money upon such Parish or Tything, or Parishes or T}rthings, that shall have so made Default as aforesaid, in Proportion to the Number of Men by which each of such Parishes or Tythings shall fall short of the Number of Men required to be raised therein.

CLXI. And be it further enacted, That the Justices and Magistrates of the several Counties, Ridings and Places, where any such Rate and Assessment shall be made as aforesaid, shall, immediately after the making of any such Rate and Assessment as aforesaid, transmit or cause to be transmitted the several Amounts of the Sums so assessed upon the several Parishes and Tythings, to the Treasurer or Treasurers of such County, Riding or Place; and such Treasurer or Treasurers shall, as soon as conveniently may be, cause Notice thereof to be given to the respective Overseers of the Poor of the several Parishes and Tythings upon which any such Rate or Assessment shall have been made as aforesaid; and such Overseers shall, within Fourteen Days after such Notice as aforesaid of such Rate or Assessment, pay the Amount of the Rate or Assessment made upon their respective Parishes or Tythings, out of any Money in their or any of their Hands, of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor; and if they or any of them shall not have sufficient of such Money for that Purpose, then such Overseers shall, and they are hereby required to make a Rate sufficient to satisfy such Rate and Assessment; and it shall be lawful for the said Overseers to levy and collect the same in such Manner as Rates made for the Relief of the Poor, or any other Rates made for the Purposes of this Act may be levied and collected.

CI.XII. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer or Treasurers receiving any such Sum or Sums of Money shall retain such Sum or Sums of Money in his or their Hands for Three Calendar Months after the Receipt thereof; and during the said Period of Three Months it shall be lawful for any Deputy Lieutenant of the Subdivision of the said County, Riding or Place within which such Parish, Tything or Place shall be situate, to raise any Volunteer or Volunteers for such Militia, in lieu of such Man or Men as shall be so deficient as aforesaid, and to agree with every such Volunteer for a Bounty not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds; and the Deputy Lieutenant before whom any such Volunteer shall be duly examined, approved, sworn and enrolled to serve in the Militia, shall make an Order upon such Treasurer or Treasurers for the Payment of such Bounty; and upon the Production to such

Treasurer

When Deficiency shall arise in any particular Places, Assessment to be made thereon.

Justices to transmit Amount of Assessments to County Treasurer; and he give Notice to Overseers, who shall pay the Money out of the Poor Rates.

County Treasurer to retain such Money Three Months, and pay thereout Bounties to Volunteers raised by Deputy Lieutenants, and Balance to Receiver General of the County.

500

C. 90.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

In Places where no County Rates, Assessments raised as Poor’s Rates, and paid by Overseers to Tr asurer of County.

Where a Town lies in Two Counties, Assessments paid where Church stands.

If such Assessment be not paid before June 1. yearly, it may be levied by next Quarter Sessions on Overseers.

Treasurer or Treasurers of a Certificate under the Hands of such Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, of any such Volunteer having been duly examined, approved, sworn and enrolled to serve in the Militia, and of such Order for the Payment of such Bounty as aforesaid, and of a Certificate under the Hands of the Commanding Officer of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia of such County, Riding or Place, of such Man having joined his Regiment, Battalion or Corps, such Treasurer or Treasurers shall, and he and they is and are hereby respectively required to pay out of such Money in his or their Hands as aforesaid, any Sum of Money not exceeding the said Sum of Ten Pounds for each of such Volunteers as aforesaid; and such Treasurer or Treasurers shall, at the Expiration of Three Months after the Receipt of such Money as aforesaid, pay all Sums of Money as may have come into his or their Hands, for and on Account of any such Fines as aforesaid, and as shall not have been paid for and on Account of any such Volunteer as aforesaid, in Manner herein directed, to the Receiver General of such County, Riding or Place, to be applied and disposed of in like Manner as directed by this Act.

4CLXIII. And Whereas there are several Cities, Towns and Places, which do not contribute to the Payment of the said Rate, c called The County Bate, and Doubts may arise whether such Cities, Towns and Places can be legally rated or assessed towards the Payment of the Rate or Assessment to be laid in pursuance of this Act Be it therefore enacted, That in all Cases where the Militia shall not be raised within any City, Town or Place, not rated to the County Rate, the Proportion of the said Sum of Ten Pounds per Man to be borne by such City, Town or Place, shall be raised, levied and collected within such City, Town or Place, by a separate Rate or Assessment, in like Manner, by the Overseers of the Poor, and by such and the like Ways and Means as the Rates for the Relief of the Poor can or may be raised, levied and collected; and such Overseers of the Poor shall, from Time to Time, pay over the same to the Treasurer of the County, Riding or Place, with which such City, Town or Place shall be joined or united, for the Purpose of raising the Militia.

CLXIV. And Whereas there some Towns which lie in Two Counties or Ridings, and Doubts may arise whether such Towns are obliged to pay to both Counties or Ridings towards raising the said Money Be it therefore further enacted, That where any Town lies in Two Counties or Ridings, or Part thereof in a County and Part in a Riding, the Proportion of the said Money to be paid for such Town, in lieu of raising the Militia as aforesaid, shall be paid to the Treasurer of the County or Riding wherein the Church of such Town is situate.

CLXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Sum of Money which ought to be paid by any City, Town or Place, not rated to the County Rate as aforesaid, shall not be paid to the Treasurer of the County, Riding or Place as aforesaid, before the First Day o f June in every Year, the Justices of the Peace for such County, Riding or Place shall, at their next Midsummer Quarter Sessions, and they are hereby required (by their Warrant, directed to any Constable or Tythingman of every such Parish and Division,) to cause the Sum due from such Parish under this Act, by reason of

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 90.

101

such Men not being raised as aforesaid, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Overseers of the Poor of every such Parish and Division, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after such Money and the reasonable Charges attending such Distress and Sale shall be fully paid and satisfied; and all such Overseers of the Poor shall be reimbursed the Money so levied on them respectively, by the same Ways and Means as Overseers of the Poor are reimbursed the Money by them expended for the Relief of the Poor by the Laws now in being, and may make a Rate for that Purpose if necessary.

CLXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Receiver General of the Rates and Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, to whom any such Money shall be paid, shall give a Receipt for such Money to the Person or Persons paying the same, which Receipt shall be a sufficient Discharge for such Payment; and that when the whole Sum directed to be raised in any County, Riding or Place as aforesaid, shall be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General, in pursuance of this Act, such Payment shall be a full Discharge and Indemnification to such County, Riding or Place, for the Failure or Neglect in raising and training the Number of Men of the Militia for the Year in respect whereof such Payment shall be made; and every such Receiver General shall, within Ten Days after the Receipt of any such Money, certify such Receipt to the Lord Pligh Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and forthwith pay the same into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster; and the Money so paid into the Exchequer

shall be kept separate and apart from all other Money, and shall be accounted for yearly to Parliament, and disposed of as Parliament shall direct; and no Fee or Gratuity whatsoever shall be given or paid to any Officer of the Exchequer, for or on account of receiving or issuing any such Money; and the High Treasurer or the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, is and are hereby authorized to allow to the Receiver General of any such County or PlaGe, upon the clearing of his Accounts, such Salary or Reward for his Pains and Trouble in receiving and paying in such Money, as the said High Treasurer or Commissioners shall think proper, not exceeding Two Pence in the Pound for so much Money as he shall pay into the Exchequer in pursuance of this Act.

CLXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Treasurer of every County, Riding or Plac^ in which any such Money shall be raised as aforesaid, shall be allowed for his Pains and Trouble the Sum of One Penny in the Pofind, upon the whole Sum so by him received and paid; which Allowance every such Treasurer is hereby authorized to detain in his Hands out of the Money so received by him, before Payment made to the Receiver General as aforesaid; and every High Constable, Petty Constable, Churchwarden and Overseer of the Poor, who shall act in raising and collecting of the said Money, shall respectively be allowed and paid by such Treasurer, as a Recompence for their Trouble therein, the Sum of One Penny in the Pound of all such Money, in the raising and collecting whereof they shall respectively act as aforesaid; and such Treasurer is hereby authorized and required to de-42 Geo. III. L 1 duct

When Assessment is paid to Receiver General, Place indemnified for not raising its Quota that Year.

Such Payments to be certified to Treasury, and Money-paid into Exchequer, and disposed of by Parliament.

Allowance to Receiver General.

Allowance to County Treasurer, High Constables, &c.

502

C. 90.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Clerk of Peace

annually to transmit Copies of Certificates from County Lieutenants,

&c. or his own Certificate of their Omission, to Treasury, and certify Omissions of Justices to raise Money to Solicitor of Treasury, who shall compel them to do so.

Solicitor of Treasury to compel Payment of the 101. per Man.

Clerks of the Peace neglecting Duty.

Penalty l-OOl. Forfeiture of Office, &c. Receiver General, Treasurer, Sec. 2001.

duct the same out of the Money so received by him as aforesaid, and to pay the respective Proportions thereof to such High Constables or other Officers aforesaid.

CLXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace for every County, Riding or Place shall, and he is hereby required, within Fourteen Days next after the General Quarter Session of the Peace to be held next after the Twenty fifth Day of December, yearly, to transmit to the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, and also to the Receiver General lor such County, Riding or Place, a Copy, signed by such Clerk of the Peace, of every Certificate which he shall have received from the Lieutenant, or any Three Deputy Lieutenants of such County, Riding or Place as aforesaid; and where such Certificate shall be omitted to be delivered, the Clerk of the Peace shall certify such Omission to the Lord High Treasurer or to the Commissioners of the Treasury, and also to the Receiver General, and that such Clerk of the Peace hath certified the same to the Justices at such General Quarter Session, and required such Justices to proceed according to the Directions of this Act, and such Clerk of the Peace shall also certify what Proceedings have been had at such General Quarter Sessions, in relation to the assessing and raising of the said Money, where the Militia shall not have been raised; and in case such Justices shall omit, neglect or refuse to proceed to raise the said Money according to the Directions of this Act, then the Clerk of the Peace of such County, Riding or Place, shall, and he is hereby required, within Fourteen Days next after such General Quarter Session of the Peace, to certify to the Solicitor of the Treasury, such Omission, Neglect or Refusal of such Justices, and the Names of the Justices who shall be present at such Session; and the Solicitor of the Treasury is hereby required, on Receipt of such Certificate, forthwith to proceed by all such legal Ways and Means as shall be most effectual and expeditious, to compel such Justices to pay due Obedience to this Act, and to cause the said Money to be raised, collected and paid.

CLXIX. And be it further enacted, That if the said Sum of Ten Pounds per Man, to be raised and paid in any such County, Riding or Place as aforesaid, shall not be levied, collected and paid into the Exchequer in Manner herein-before directed, the Solicitor of the Treasury is hereby required forthwith, upon Knowledge or Information thereof, to proceed, by all such legal Ways and Means as shall be most effectual and expeditious, to compel the levying and collecting of such Money and the Payment thereof into the Exchequer as aforesaid.

CLXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk of the Peace shall refuse or wilfully neglect to receive, deliver, file, make, record or transmit any such Certificates as aforesaid, according to the Directions and true Meaning of this Act, every such Clerk of the Peace so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and shall also forfeit his Office, and be rendered incapable of having, receiving or holding any Office of Trust, Civil or Military, under the Crown; and if any Receiver General, Treasurer, Chief Constable, Petty Constable, or other Officer who ought to act and assist in the raising and collecting of the said Money, shall wilfully omit or neglect or re-

in osted

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 90.

503

fuse to act or assist therein, according to the Direction and true Meaning of this Act, every such Receiver General or Treasurer so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and every such Chief Constable so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and every such Petty Constable and other Officer so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and the Solicitor of the Treasury shall and he is hereby required, with all due Diligence, to prosecute with Effect all such Justices of the Peace, Receivers General, Treasurers and other Officers, who shall omit, neglect or refuse to perform the Duty required of them respectively by this Act touching the raising, collecting and paying of the said Money; and in case the Solicitor of the Treasury shall wilfully omit or delay to proceed against any such Justices of the Peace, Receivers General, Treasurers or other Officers aforesaid, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

CLXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Provisions of an Act passed in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled Act for the rendering Justices of the Peace more safe the Execution of their, and for indemnifying Constables and others acting in Obedience to their Warrants, shall extend to all His Majesty's Lieutenants, and

to all Deputy Lieutenants, acting in the Execution of this Act, in like Manner and as fully and effectually as the same extend to Justices of the Peace acting in the Execution of their Office.

CLXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Acceptance of a Commission in the Militia shall not vacate the Seat of any Member returned to serve in Parliament; and that no Person being an Officer of the Militia shall be compelled to serve the Office of Sheriff

CLXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Officer, Non Commissioned Officer, Drummer or private Man of the Militia, shall be liable to any Penalty or Punishment for or on account of his Absence during the Time he shall be going to vote at any Election of a Member to serve in Parliament, or during the Time he shall be returning from such Election.

CLXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer of the Militia, nor any private Man, from the Time of his Enrolment until he shall he regularly discharged from the Militia, shall be compelled to serve as a Peace Officer or Parish Officer, or to perform any Highway Duty commonly called Statute Work.

CLXXV. And be it further enacted, That every Person having served in the Militia when drawn out into actual Service, being a married Man, may set up and exercise any Trade in any Town or Place within Great Britain, without any Let, Suit or Molestation of or from any Person or Persons whomsoever, for or by Reason of using or exercising such Trade, as freely and with the same Provisions and under the same Regulations, and with the like Exception in respect to the Two Universities, as any Mariner or Soldier can or may do by virtue of an Act passed in the Twenty fourth Yrear. of His present Majesty's fyeign, intituled An Act to enable such Officers, Mariners and Soldiers, as have been in the Land or Sea Service, in the Marines, or the

Chief Constable, 501.

Petty Constable, 201.

Solicitor of the Treasury, 5001.

24 G. 2. c. 44. extended io County Lieutenants, dc.

Officers;

Parliament; Sheriffs.

Men may be absent at Elections of Members.

Serjeants &c. or Men, not liable to serve as Peace Officers.

Married Militia Men may exercise Trades in Great Britain, as Soldiers under 24 G. 5. c.

504?

C. 90.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Recovery and Application of Penalties where not otherwise directed.

No Order removeable by Certiorari.

Limitation of Actions.

Venue.

Militia, or any Corps of Fencible, the Second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to exercise Trades; and no such Militia Man shall be liable to be removed out of any such Town or Place, until he is become chargeable to the Parish.

CLXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, which shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, shall be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or the Courts of Great Session in the Principality of Wales, or the Courts of the Counties Palatine of, Lancas-

ter and Durham ^as the Case shall require); wherein no Essoign, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and that all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, which shall not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, shall, on Proof upon Oath of the Offence before any Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding or Place where the Offence shall be committed, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Person whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and sold; and for Want of sufficient Distress, such Justice is hereby required, in all Cases where no particular Time of Commitment is herein-before directed, to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol of the County, Riding or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, for any Time not exceeding Three Months; and the Money arising by all such Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, the Application whereof is not otherwise particularly directed by this Act, shall be paid to the Clerk, or (where there are no Clerks) to the Commanding Officers of the respective Regiments, Battalions or other Bodies of Militia, of the respective Counties, Ridings or Places where such Offences shall have been respectively committed, and shall be made Part of the publick Stock of such Regiments, Battalions or other Bodies of Militia respectively.

CLXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Order of Conviction made by any Lieutenant of any County, Riding or Place, or by any Two or more Deputy Lieutenants, or by any One Deputy Lieutenant together with any One Justice of the Peace, or by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, by virtue of this Act, shall be removed by Certiorari out of the County, Riding, Division, City, Town or Place wherein such Order or Conviction shall have been made, into any Court whatsoever; and that no Writ of Certiorari shall supersede Execution or other Proceedings upon any such Order or Conviction so made in pursuance of this Act; but that Execution and other Proceedings shall be had and made thereupon; any such Writ or Writs or Allowances thereof notwithstanding.

CLXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action shall be brought against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Six Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County, Riding or Place where the Cause of Complaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant

or

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 90.

505

or Defendants In every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuit, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath in other Cases to recover Costs by Law.

[See43 G.3. c. 50. 45 G. 3. c. 31. 55 G. 3. c. 168.]

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

Schedule A.

To-----

TAKE Notice, That you are hereby required, within Fourteen Days from the Date hereof, to prepare or produce a List in Writing, to the best of your Belief, of the Christian and Surname of each and every Man resident in your Dwelling House, between the Ages of Eighteen and Forty five, distinguishing every Person in your Dwelling House of such Age as aforesaid, claiming to be exempt from serving in the Militia, together with the Ground of every such Claim of Exemption; and you are to sign such List with your own Name, and to deliver, or cause the same to be delivered to me.

Dated the Day of

Constable of

Descriptions. Names of Persons liable to serve. Names of Persons Exempt. Ground of Exemption.

Housekeeper. Lodger. C.D. E.F. G. H. I. K. L. N. 0. A.B. 60 Years of Age.

Servants. P. V. S. T.R. Seaman. Free of Company of Watermen. Serving by Substitute.

N.B. If a House is divided in distinct Stories or Apartments, occupied distinctly, each distinct Occupier is required to make this Return.

Neglect of Compliance with this Notice will subject the Party to the Penalty of Ten Pounds.

TAKE Notice, That the Day of at

at the Hour of in the noon is appointed for

hearing Appeals within this Subdivision, by Persons claiming to be exempt from serving in the Militia.

A. Constable of

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

506

C. 90. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Schedule B.

PARISH of

MILITIA LIST, made pursuant to the Directions of an Act passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of King George the Third. & a

Names Returned. ' Rank or Occupations. Infirmity, if any, likely to! Ground of incapacitate from serv- Exemption ing. claimed.

Names of those not returned, or common Appellations. Rank or Occupation, if known. Infirmity, if known. Ground of Exemption, if known.

NOTICE is hereby given, That the Day of

at the Hour of in the noon, at

is appointed for hearing Appeals; and that all Persons who think themselves aggrieved may then appeal, and that no Appeal will afterwards be received.

A.B. Constable of

Schedule C.

SUBDIVISION of in the County of

CERTIFICATE of Number of Men, distinguishing the Number liable, and the Number exempt.

Dated the Day of

Parishes, Tithings or Places. Number of Men liable to serve. Number of Men exempt. Total in each Parish.

A.B. C.D.

Totals

A.B. Clerk of Subdivision.

9

C. 90

5 07

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III.

Schedule D.

11ETURN of Men between the Age of Eighteen and Forty live, in the County of Dated the Day of

Subdivision. Number of Men liable to serve. Number of Men exempt. Total in each Subdivision.

Totals -

A.B. Clerk of General Meetings.

Schedule E. SUBDIVISION of in the County of

RETURN of Inrolment, dated the Day of

Parishes. NAMES OF MEN. Date of Inrolment. Ages. CLASSES.

Principal. Substitutes. Volunteers. 1st. 2d. od. 4th. Last.

Islington. C.D. Sami. Jones. Thos. Smith Edw. Jones. Thos. Gray. April 21 22 25 30 X 1 1

Totals serving.

Signed A.B. Clerk to Subdivision Meeting/-

Schedule F.

RETURN of Company in the of the Militia of the County of dated the

Day of

Hundreds. or Divisions. Parishes. NAMES OF MEN SERVING. CLASSES.

Principals. Substitutes. Volunteers. Ages. 1st. 2d. 3d. 4 th. Last

H. M. Islington. II. Sam 1. Jones. Tho. Gray. Tho. Smith. 52 24 26 X XX

Totals.

Signed A.B.Captain of Company.

LI 4

508

C. 90, 91.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

His Majesty may appoint Lieutenants of Counties, who may call out Militia yearly, and may appoint Deputy Lieutenants and Officers whose Names shall be certified to His Majesty for His Approbation.

Schedule G.

RETURN of Private Militia serving for the County of Dated the Day of

Description of Men. No. of each. Years of Service unexpired. No. of Men in each Class,

1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 1st. 2d. 3d. 4th. Last.

Principals Substitutes Volunteers

Totals.

A.B.Clerk to the General Meetings.

N.B. If the Militia of any County, Riding or Place is divided into more than One Regiment, Battalion or Corps, a separate Return is to be made for each, and the Description of the Regiment, &c. put at the Top of the Return.

CAP. XCI.

An Act to raise and establish a Militia Force in

[26th June 1802.]

WHEREAS a well regulated Militia has been found to be of great Utility, and is of the utmost Importance to the internal Defence of the Realm: And Whereas the establishing

of a Militia Force in Scotland, on a permanent Footing, wouldi essentially contribute to the Safety of the United Kingdom;’ Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That His Majesty may and shall from Time to Time constitute and appoint Lieutenants for the Counties, Stewavtries, Cities and Places herein after mentioned; and the several Lieutenants so appointed shall have full Power and Authority, and are hereby required to call together, arm, array and cause to be trained and exercised such Persons, and in such Manner as is herein after directed, once in every Year and the said Lieutenants severally shall from Time to Time constitute and appoint such Persons as they shall think fit, being qualified as herein after is directed, and living within their respective Counties, Stewartries, Cities and Places, to be their Deputy Lieutenants (the Names of such Persons having been first presented to and approved by His Majesty); and the said Lieutenants shall, in Manner herein after mentioned, also appoint a proper Number of Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels, Majors and other Officers qualified as herein after directed, to train, discipline and command the Persons so to be armed and arrayed according to the Rules, Orders and Directions herein after mentioned, and shall certify to His Majesty the Names and Ranks of all such Officers so to be appointed; and in case His Majesty shall, within Fourteen Days after such Certificate shall have been laid before Him, signify His Disapprobation of any of the Persons so to be appointed, it shall not be lawful for the said Lieutenants to grant a Commission to

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 91. 509

any Person so disapproved, but Commissions shall be granted to all such Persons who shall not be disapproved by His Majesty; and Rank of Offi-the Officers so appointed for the Militia, to be armed and arrayed cer°* as herein after directed, shall rank with the Officers of such of His Majesty's Regular Forces as youngest of their Rank.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Expiration of Commission of the several Acts heretofore passed, relative to a Militia Force in ^euten already Scotland, shall not affect any Commission of Lieutenant or Deputy to re-

Lieutenant already granted under or by virtue or relative to the maju in force, said Acts, or any or either of them; but that all such Persons to whom any such Commission shall have been granted, shall and may act in the Execution of this Act, in like Manner as they might have acted in the Execution of the said former Acts, or any or either of them.

" Three Deputy Lieutenants may be authorized to act, in case of " Absence, &c. of the Lieutenant. § 3.

[See c. 90.]

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Commission of any Commissions Deputy Lieutenant, nor any Commission of any Officer in the not vacated Militia to be henceforth granted by any Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, shall be vacated by reason of the Revocation, Expi- Lieutenant, ration or Discontinuance of the Commission by which any such Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid was or were appointed.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Persons to be appointed Qualifications

Deputy Lieutenants or Officers of the Militia in pursuance of this Deputy Act, (except within the City of Edinburgh and its Liberties,) shall an^officers be qualified as follows; (that is to say,) Every Person so to be ap- (except for pointed a Deputy Lieutenant shall be seised or possessed of an Edinburgh Estate in Property, either in his own Right or in Right of his Wife, City); viz. De-of Four hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent in, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person who shall in like Manner be Jer an'n seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of Four hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent; and every Person so to be appointed Colonels, 8001. a Colonel shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of Eight hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person who shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of Eight hundred Pounds Scots' of valued Rent; and every Person so to be Lieutenant Co-

appointed a Lieutenant Colonel shall in like Manner be seised or l°nels, 6001. &c. possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of Six hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person who shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of Six hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent; and every Majors and Person so to be appointed a Major or a Captain shall in like Man- Captains, 4001. ner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of Four &c* hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person who shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of Four hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, or shall be a younger Son of some Person who shall be, or at the Time of his Death was in like Manner seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of Four hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent; and every Person so to be appointed a Lieutenant shall Lieutenants, in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of lool. &c.

510

C. 91.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Ensigns, 501. &c.

Qualifications where situate.

The Lieutenant, with the King’s Approbation, may appoint the Provost of any Royal Burgh, &c. to be Deputy of the Subdivision in which it is situate.

Regulations respecting the City and County of the City of Edinburgh.

One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate alone, or seised or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount or Value of One thousand Pounds Sterling, or shall be Son of some Person who shall be or at the Time of his Death was in like Manner seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, or who shall be or who at the Time of his Death was possessed of a Personal Estate alone, or seised or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount or Value of One thousand Pounds Sterling; and that every Person so to be appointed an Ensign shall in like Manner be seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid of Fifty Pounds of valued Rent, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate alone, or seised or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount or Value of Five hundred Pounds Sterling, or shall be Son of some Person who shall be or at the Time of his Death was in like Manner seised or possessed of a like Estate as aforesaid oT the yearly Value of One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, or who shall be or who at the Time of his Death was possessed of a Personal Estate alone, or seised or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount or Value of Five hundred Pounds Sterling; of which said Estates, required as Qualifications for Deputy Lieutenants, Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels, Majors and Captains respectively, One Moiety shall be situate or arising within the respective Counties, Stewartries, Cities or Places in which they shall be appointed to serve, or within the Counties, Stewarties, Cities or Places joined together, as herein after mentioned, to form the Regiment or Battalion to which they shall belong.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where it shall appear necessary to any Lieutenant that a Deputy Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants should be resident in any Royal Borough, within the County or Stewartry of which he is Lieutenant, it shall be lawful for such Lieutenant, with the Approbation of His Majesty, to appoint the Provost of the Borough for the Time being, or any Three Persons resident in such Borough, who shall be seised or possessed of a Real Estate in Houses or other Property within such Borough and Liberties thereof of the yearly Value of One hundred Pounds Sterling, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate alone, or seised or possessed of a Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount or Value of Two thousand Pounds Sterling, to be Deputy Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants of the Subdivision within which such Borough is situated.

VII. And be it further enacted, That within the City and County of Edinburgh and Liberties thereof, the Lieutenant of the said City, or where there is no Lieutenant appointed, then the Chief Magistrate thereof shall appoint the Deputy Lieutenants within the said City, and shall also appoint Officers of the Militia, whose Number and Rank shall be proportionable to the Number of Militia Men which the said City shall raise, as its Quota towards the Militia of the County to which the said City is united for the Purposes aforesaid; and all Powers and Provisions made by this Act, with respect to the Counties at large, and the Militia thereof, and the registering herein after directed of the Qualification of Deputy Lieutenants and Officers, shall take place and be in force,

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 91. 511

with respect to the said City and its Liberties, and the Militia thereof, and the registering of the said Qualifications, and the Value of the respective Qualifications of the Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia of such City and its Liberties, shall be as follows: Every Deputy Lieutenant shall be seised or possessed of a Real Estate, in Houses or other Property within the said City and Liberties thereof, of the yearly Value of One hundred Pounds Sterling, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate alone, or seised or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount or Value of Two thousand Pounds Sterling; and every Lieutenant Colonel shall respectively be in like Manner seised or possessed of a like real Estate in Houses or Property within the said City, of the yearly Value of Two hundred Pounds Sterling, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate alone, or seised or possessed of Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount or Value of Four thousand Pounds Sterling; and the Qualification of a Major or Captain shall be a like Real Estate in Houses or Property within the said City of the yearly Value of One hundred Pounds Sterling, or Personal Estate alone, or Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount or Value of Two thousand Pounds Sterling; and the Qualification of a Lieutenant shall be a like Real Estate in Houses or other Property within the said City, of the yearly Value of Fifty Pounds Sterling, or Personal Estate alone to the Amount or Value of One thousand Pounds Sterling; and the Qualification of an Ensign shall be a like Real Estate in Houses or other Property within the said City, of the yearly Value of Twenty five Pounds Sterling, or Personal Estate alone to the Amount or Value of Five hundred Pounds Sterling: Saving always, and reserving to the Royal College of Surgeons in Edinburgh, all Rights, Immunities, Privileges and Exemptions, of which the said College may have been and still are in the lawful Possession, and the Benefit of any Act or Acts of Parliament passed heretofore in their Favour.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall hereafter be appointed to be a Deputy Lieutenant of any County, Stewartry, City or Place, or be appointed to a higher Rank in the Militia than that of Lieutenant, until he shall have delivered in to the Clerk to the Commissioners of Supply of the County, Stewartry, City or Place for which he shall be appointed, or (in the Absence of the Clerk of Supply) to his Deputy, a specific Description in Writing, signed by himself, of his Qualification, stating the Parish or Parishes in which the Estate or Estates which from his Qualification is or are situate; and the Clerk of Supply or his Deputy shall transmit to the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City or Place, a Copy of such Description; and no Commission granted after the passing of this Act for a higher Rank in the Militia than that of Lieutenant shall be valid, unless it be declared in the Commission that the Officer to whom the Commission is given hath delivered in his Qualification as above directed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of Supply of every County, Stewartry, City and Place, shall and he is hereby required to enter the Qualifications transmitted to him according to the Directions of this Act, upon a Roll to be provided and kept for that Purpose, and to cause to be inserted in the London Gazette the Dates of the Commissions, and Names and Rank of the

Qualifications: Deputy Lieutenant, 1001. Sterling per Ann. &c.

Lieutenant Colonel, 2001. &c.

Major or Captain, 1001. &c.

Lieutenant, 501. &c.

Ensign, 251. &c.

Saving for College of Surgeons.

No Deputy Lieutenant, or Officer superior to a Subaltern, to be appointed till Qualification delivered to Clerk of Supply, and transmitted to County Lieutenant.

Clerks of Supply to enrol Qualifications, and insert in London Gazette Dates of Commissions, &c., and annu

512

C. 91.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

ally transmit to Secretary of State Account of Qualifications to be laid before Parliament,

Deputy Lieutenants and Officers to take the Oaths, &c. under 1 G. 1. st. 2. c. 15. and [6 G. 3, c. 53.3 within Six Months after Appointment.

Unqualified Persons acting. Deputy Lieutenants, &c.

Penalty 2001. Captains, 1001.

Exception of Peers and their Heirs Apparent.

Officers, together with the Names of the Officers in whose room they are appointed, in like Manner as Commissions in the Army are published from the War Office; and he is hereby authorized to charge the Expence of such Insertion in the Gazette for each Commission to the Collector of the Land Tax of the County, Stewartry, City or Place, who is hereby directed to pay the same; and the said Clerk of Supply-or his Deputy shall, in the Month of January in every Year, transmit to One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State a complete Account of the Qualifications so left with him, and the Secretary of State receiving such Accounts shall cause Copies thereof to be annually laid before both Houses of Parliament; and every Deputy Lieutenant and Commissioned Officer, not having already taken and subscribed the Oaths, and made, repeated and subscribed the Declaration, as required by this Act, shall at some General Quarter Session of the Peace, or in the Court of Session or the Court of Exchequer in

within Six Months after he shall have accepted his Commission, take the Oaths appointed to be taken by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act for the further Security of His Majesty's Person and vernmentt and the Succession of the Crown the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants, and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and secret Abettors

and also by an Act passed in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for altering the Oath of Abjuration and the Assurance, and for amending so much of Act of the Seventh Year of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for the Improvement of the Union of the Two ,’

as after the Time therein limited requires the Delivery of certain Lists and Copies therein mentioned to Persons indicted of High Treason or Misprision of Treason; and shall also make, repeat and subscribe the Declaration in the said Act of the First Year of King George the First, directed to be made, repeated and subscribed by all Officers, Civil and Military.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall execute any of the Powers hereby directed to be executed by Deputy Lieutenants, Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels or Majors, not being qualified as aforesaid, or without having delivered in such specific Description of his Qualification as is herein-before required, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pottnds; and if any Person shall execute any of the Powers hereby directed to be executed by Captains, not being qualified as aforesaid, or without having delivered in such specific Description of his Qualification as is herein-before required, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Use of the Person who shall sue for the same; and in every Action, Suit or Complaint brought against any Person for acting as Deputy Lieutenant, Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel, Major or Captain, not being qualified as herein-before directed, the Proof of his Qualification shall lie upon the Person against whom the same is brought: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall restrain or prevent any Peer of this Realm, or Heir Apparent of any such Peer, from being appointed or acting as a Deputy Lieutenant or a Commissioned Officer in the Militia,

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 91. 513

within the County, Stewartry, City or Place, or Counties, Stewartries, Cities and Places contributing to form one such Battalion of Militia as herein after directed, wherein such Peer, or Heir Apparent of such Peer, shall have some Place of Residence, although he may not have the Qualification herein-before required; or to oblige any Peer of this Realm, or Heir Apparent of such Peer, who shall be appointed a Deputy Lieutenant or Commissioned Officer as aforesaid, to leave with the Clerk of Supply for the Count}*-, Stewartry, City or Place for which he shall be appointed, any Qualification in Writing as aforesaid.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Officer in the Militia, duly qualified as aforesaid, who,' in consequence of the Augmentation of the Militia Forces herein after provided, may hereafter be promoted to the Commission of Major, and may, by any subsequent Reduction of that Augmentation, no longer retain such Commission, shall and may continue to rank in the general Militia Service, according to the Date of his Commission or Appointment in the Militia so vacated as aforesaid: Provided that nothing herein contained shall extend to give any such Major any Regimental Rank.

" How His Majesty may displace Deputy Lieutenants or Officers. " § 12.

[See § 17. of c. 90.] Appointment of Clerks of General

" and Subdivision Meetings. § 13.

[See § 18. 90.]

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Number of private Men (exclusive of Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers) to be raised by virtue of this Act shall be as follows; ( ,) For

the County of Edinburgh Three hundred and thirty three; for the City of Edinburgh Three hundred and ten; for the County of Linlithgow Ninety four; for the County of Haddington One hundred and fifty four; for the County of Berwick One hundred and fifty five; for the County of Peebles Forty five; for the County of Selkirk Twenty five; for the County of Roxburgh One hundred and seventy eight; for the Stewartry of Kircudbright One hundred and fifty one; for the County of Wigton One hundred and nineteen; for the County of Ayr Four hundred and thirty six; for the County of Renfrew Four hundred and four; for the County of Lanark Seven hundred and fifty one; for the County of Stirling Two hundred and sixty three; for the County of Thirty

five; for the County of Fife Four hundred and eighty four; for the County of Dunbarton One hundred and seven; for the County of Bute Sixty one; for the County of Argyle Three hundred and sixty four; for the County of Inverness Three hundred and eighty four; for the County of Perth Six hundred and fifty three; for the County of Forfar Five hundred and eleven; for the County of Kincardine One hundred and thirty six; for the County of Aberdeen Six hundred and forty; for the County of Bariff One hundred and seventy nine; for the County of Elgin One hundred and thirty eight; for the County of Nairn Forty three; for the County of Cromarty Sixteen; for the County of Ross Two hundred and seventy; for the County of Sutherland One hundred; for the County of Caithness One hundred and twenty one; for the County of Dumfries Two hundred and eighty four; for the County of Clackmannan Fifty six.

Officers hereafter promoted to the Rank of Major on Augmentation of Militia, and afterwards reduced, to hold their Rank in the general Militia Service.

Numbers of private Men to be as herein specified.

[Total, 7950.]

514*

C. 91.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Such Numbers to continue the Quotas until June 25. 1805, and afterwards Numbers may be appointed by Privy Council, (See post §

&c.)

Regulations for holding General Meetings of Lieutenancy.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Numbers of private Militia Men herein-before appointed to serve for the several Counties, Stewartries, Cities and Places aforesaid, shall continue to be and remain the respective Quotas of the several and respective Counties, Stewartries, Cities and Places aforesaid, until the Twenty fifth Day of June, One thousand eight hundred and five, and from thence until other Quotas shall be settled, ascertained and appointed by His Majesty's Privy Council, in Manner herein after directed; and the several and respective Quotas that shall, at or after the Expiration of the said first mentioned Period, and also from Time to Time at or after the Expiration of every successive Ten Years after such Period, be settled, ascertained and appointed by His Majesty's Privy Council under the Provisions of this Act, shall, from the Appointment thereof, continue to be and remain the respective Quotas of the several and respective Counties, Stewartries, Cities and Places aforesaid, after which any such subsequent Quotas shall have been appointed, until other Quotas shall be settled, ascertained and appointed under this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That General Meetings of the Lieutenancy of every County, Stewartry, City and Place, shall be holden in some principal Town of every such County, Stewartry, City and Place; and such General Meetings shall consist of the Lieutenant, together with Two Deputy Lieutenants at the least, or on the Death or Removal, or in the Absence of the Lieutenant, then of Three Deputy Lieutenants at the least, of every County, Stewartry, City and Place respectively; and One such General Meeting shall be holden within every County, Stewartry, City and Place annually, upon the last Tuesday which shall happen before the First Day of August in every Year and the Lieutenant, together with any Two Deputy Lieutenants, or (on the Death or Removal, or in the Absence of the Lieutenant) any Three Deputy Lieutenants of any County, Stewartry, City or Place, when and as often as they shall find necessary for carrying the Purposes of this Act duly and fully into Execution, may summon or cause to be summoned, other General Meetings of the Lieutenancy, on any Days to be fixed by such Summons, of which Days and the Places of holding such Meetings respectively, Notice shall be given in any Weekly or other Newspaper usually circulated in such County, Stewartry, City or Place, Fourteen Days at the least before the Days appointed for holding such Meetings respectively; and the Lieutenant with any Two Deputy Lieutenants, or (upon the Death or Removal, or in the Absence of the Lieutenant,) any Three Deputy Lieutenants of any County, Stewartry, City or Place, are hereby authorized to charge the Expence of such Notices to the Collector of the Land Tax of the County, Stewartry, City or Place, who is hereby authorized to pay the same; and in case any annual or other General Meeting shall not be attended by the Lieutenant and Two Deputy Lieutenants, or by Three Deputy Lieutenants, as herein-before required, the Lieutenant or any One Deputy Lieutenant, who shall attend at such Meeting, shall and may adjourn the same to any other Time and to any Place within such County, Stewartry, City or Place; and in case no Deputy Lieutenant shall attend at the Time and Place appointed for the next Meeting, then the Clerk of the General Meetings or his

515

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 91.

Deputy shall adjourn such Meeting to any other Time to fie holden at the same Place.

" Subdivision Meetings shall consist of Two Deputy Lieutenants " or One Deputy and a Justice of the Peace. § 17* Clerk shall give a Notice of Subdivision Meetings, and transmit Lists of Mon em " rolled. § 18. When Two Deputy Lieutenants, &c. do not attend, " Clerk shall summon'another Meeting. $19.

[See §§ 22,23, & 24. of c, 90.]

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants, or the Deputy Lieutenants, at every annual or some other General Meeting to be holden as herein-before directed, shall appoint th.e First Meeting of the Deputy Lieutenants for the several Subdivisions of their respective Counties, Stewartries, Cities and Places, which said First Meetings shall be appointed to be held as early after the First Day of August in every Year as conveniently may be or at such other Time as may be most expedient for carrying the Purposes of this Act fully and duly into Execution; and the said Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenant, or the said Deputy Lieutenants, may, if they judge needful, appoint the Time and Place for a Second General Meeting, and shall issue out their Orders to the Schoolmaster of each Parish, or to the Chief Constable, and where there is no Chief Constable, to some other Officer of the several Districts, Parishes or other Divisions within their respective Counties, Stewartries, Cities and Places, requiring every such Schoolmaster, Chief Constable or other Officer as aforesaid, to issue an Order under his Hand to all Constables or other Officers of every Parish or Place within their respective Counties, Stewartries, Cities or Places, to return to the Deputy Lieutenants within their respective Subdivisions, at the Places and on the Days appointed at the First General Meeting in every Year, fair and true Lists in Writing, in Manner by this Act directed, of the Names of all the Men usually and at that Time dwelling within the respective Parishes and Places for which they shall respectively act under the Provisions and in the Execution of this Act, between the Ages of Eighteen and Forty five Years.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the several Schoolmasters, Constables, and other Officers and Persons required to return Lists of Persons fit and liable to serve in the Militia, shall, within Fourteen Days after any such Returns shall be required, give or leave Notice in Writing, in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (A.), to or for every Occupier of every Dwelling House where any Person shall reside within the Limits of the Places for which they act as such Schoolmasters, Constables or other Officers as aforesaid, in the Execution of this Act or any of the Provisions thereof, at his or her Dwelling House, or where such Dwelling House shall be divided into different Stories or Apartments, and occupied distinctly by several Persons, then to or for the Occupier of each distinct Story or Apartment, to prepare or produce within Fourteen Days next ensuing the Day of giving such Notice, a List in Writing, to the best of his or her Belief, of the Christian and Surname of each and every Man resident in such Dwelling House, or distinct Story or Apartment, between the Ages of Eighteen and Forty five, distinguishing every Person

General Meetings to annually appoint SubdivisionMeetings, and require Schoolmasters or chief Constables to order Returns to be made to Subdivision Meetings of Men between 18 and 45.

Schoolmasters, &c. to give Notice in the Form in Schedule (A.) to Housekeepers, &c. to produce Lists of Men between 18 and 45.

516

C. 91.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Occupiers not duly making and delivering Lists.

[Penalty.]

At Subdivision Meetings Schoolmasters &c. to verify Lists on Oath. Lists may be amended, Second Meetings appointed, and Certificates in Form of Schedule (C.) returned to Clerk of the General Meetings.

Person in such Dwelling House, or distinct Story or Apartment, of such Age as aforesaid, claiming to be exempt from serving in the Militia, together with the Ground of every such Claim of Exemption; and every such Notice shall mention the Da)*', Time and Place appointed for hearing Appeals within such Subdivision, by Persons claiming to be exempt from serving in the Militia; and every such Occupier shall, after such Notice so given or left, make out such List, and sign the same with his or her own Name, and shall deliver the same, or cause the same to be delivered, to such Schoolmaster, Constable or other Officer or Person as aforesaid; and if any Occupier shall neglect or refuse to make out, sign and deliver such List as aforesaid, within the Time before limited, or shall omit any Person who ought to have been included therein in pursuance of this Act, or knowingly make any false Return of any Particular required therein, every such Occupier shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds.

" Quakers shall produce Certificates see §§ 28. 46.], and

" Schoolmasters, &c. shall then make Returns. § 22. Schoolmasters, Constables or other Officers, shall make out yearly Lists,

" in Form in Schedule (B.), of the Names of Men between 18 and " 45, &c., and affix a Copy on the Church Door, with Notice of " the Meeting for Appeals, and return another Copy to the Deputy Lieutenants. $ 23. Appeal to the Subdivision Meetings, " whose Determination shall be final. § 24.

[See §§ 27, 28, 29. of c. 90.]

XXV. And be it further enacted, That on the Days and at the Places so respectively appointed as aforesaid for the Returns of the Lists, the Schoolmasters, Constables or other Officers respectively shall attend, and verify the said Returns upon Oath; and the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any Two or more of them assembled in their respective Subdivisions, shall, after hearing any Appeals or Claims of Exemption, direct such Lists to be amended as the Case shall require; and shall also direct the Names of all Persons by this Act respectively exempted from serving in the Militia to be struck out, and the Names of any Persons that shall have been omitted to be inserted; and after amending the said Lists according to this Act, shall appoint the Times and Places for their Second Meetings within their respective Subdivisions, and shall return to the Clerk of the General Meetings, for the Use of the said General Meetings, Certificates under their Hands, in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (C.), of the Number of Men in each Parish or Place, between the Ages of Eighteen and Forty five Years, distinguishing the Numbers of Men liable to serve, and also the Number of Men exempt from serving in each Parish or Place within the Subdivisions, and the same shall be kept by the Clerk for the Use of the General Meetings.

[See § 35.post.]

"Penalty of 501. for endeavouring to prevail on Schoolmasters, " &c. to make false Returns, and of 101. on Persons refusing to " tell their Names, &c. §26.

[See § 31. of 90.] Deputy Lieutenants may order Attendance of the Constable or other Officer " of any Parish, &c. Penalty on their neglecting to appear, or to

" return

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 91.

517

return Lists, or being guilty of Fraud, Partiality or Neglect, " Imprisonment and Fine. § 27. under § 32. of. 90.]

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Chief or other Constable shall be of the People called Quakers, (and certified to be so by Two Persons of the People called Quakers,) and shall neglect or refuse to perform the Duties required by this Act, it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace, acting for the Division within which such Quaker shall be such Officer as aforesaid, and they are hereby required, in all Cases where the Circumstances of the Case shall in their Judgment render it expedient and necessary for the due Execution of the Provisions of this Act, by their Order under their Hands, to appoint a fit and proper Person to be Deputy to such Quaker for the Purpose only of carrying this Act into Execution; and every Person so appointed Deputy as aforesaid shall have and exercise all the Powers, Authorities and Jurisdiction given by this Act to such Officer for whom he shall so act, and shall do and perform all the like Duties and Offices under the like Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures as are hereby imposed for Neglect of Duty of any such Officer as aforesaid, in like Manner in every respect as the Person for whom he shall so act; and where an Appointment of any Deputy shall be so made, the principal Chief Constable (being One of the People called Quakers) shall be and he is hereby discharged from the Performance of any Duty required by him by this Act, and from all Penalties incurred for Neglect thereof after the Time of such Appointment.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants, at their Subdivision Meetings, to add together, whenever they shall think it necessary, any Two or more Parishes or Places for the Purposes of this Act; and also to add together the Lists of such Parishes and Places aforesaid, so as to make the Choice of Militia Men, by Ballot, within every such Subdivision, as equal and impartial as possible; and where any Parishes and Places so added together shall lie in different Districts or Divisions within the same County, Stewartry, City or Place, to direct in what District or Division the same shall be considered for the Purposes of this Act; and the said Deputy Lieutenants shall proceed upon the Lists so added together in like Manner as if they had been originally returned from One Parish as aforesaid; and the Schoolmasters, Constables or other Officers of Parishes and Places so added together, shall act together in the Execution of this Act as if they were respectively Officers of One and the same Parish or Place; and all such Schoolmasters, Constables and Officers, so as aforesaid acting together by virtue of this Act, shall hold their Meetings under this Act in the Parish or Place which shall be named first in such Order of Deputy Lieutenants; and if any Difference or Disagreement shall arise between the Officers of any Parish or Place, or between the Officers of different Parishes or Places, touching the Execution of this Act, the Deputy Lieutenants acting in and for the Subdivision where such Difference or Disagreement shall happen, shall, at any Subdivision Meeting, and they are hereby authorized to hear and determine the same, and make such Order therein for the better

42 Geo. III. Mm Execution

Two Justices may appoint Deputies to Quakers being Constables for executing Act.

Two or more Places and Lists for them may be added together, and Schoolmasters, &c. to act together as Offi cers of same Parish.

Deputy Lieutenants may determine Differences between Officers.

518

Clerks to General Meetings to annually transmit to Priry Council true Returns of Number of Persons between the Ages of IS and 45.

Penalty 1001.

Where Number fixed greater than former Quota, the General Meeting to appoint what Number shall be chosen for each Division; and where less, to dismiss Excess by Ballot, proportionably out of each Division.

C-91. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Execution of this Act as to them shall seem meet, and such Orders shall be final and conclusive.

" Clerks of Subdivision Meetings shall transmit to the General " Meetings Copies of Rolls, &c. Penalty 201. § 30.

[§36. ofc. 90.]

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks to the General Meetings of Lieutenancy in the several Counties, Stewartries, Cities and Places required to raise Militia under this Act, shall, and they are hereby required to transmit to His Majesty's Privy Council annually, as soon after the Returns in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (D.), of Men shall have been made to the General Meetings as the same can be done, accurate Returns of the Number of Persons between the Ages of Eighteen and Forty five, distinguishing the Number fit and liable to serve in the Militia for the Counties, Stewartries, Cities and Places to which they respectively belong, and also the Number therein exempt from serving; and if any such Clerk shall omit or neglect to make such Return to the Privy Council within One Month after the General Meeting of Lieutenancy of the County, Stewartry, City or Place to which he shall belong, at which the Returns of Men shall have been laid before such Meeting, or shall knowingly or wilfully make any false Return, such Clerk shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

" Privy Council, by June25. 1805, [jee ante, § 15.] and afterwards every Ten Years, shall fix the Quotas for each County,

Stewartry, City and Place, and transmit the Numbers to the County Lieutenants, and publish them in the London Gazette.

32.

[See§38. of c. 90.]

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That where the Number of Militia Men so fixed and settled for any County, Stewartry, City or Place, shall be greater than the former Quota of such County, Stewartry, City or Place, then and in every such Case the Lieutenant for such County, Stewartry, City or Place, together with any Two or more Deputy Lieutenants, and on the Death or Removal, or in the Absence of the said Lieutenant, any Three or more Deputy Lieutenants shall, at a General Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, appoint what Number of Militia Men shall serve for each respective Parish or other Division within such County, Stewartry, City or Place, and the additional Number of Militia Men to make up the whole Number so fixed and settled as aforesaid shall be provided or chosen in the same Manner as other Militia Men are by this Act to be provided or chosen; and all the additional Men so provided or chosen as aforesaid, or their Substitutes, and also all Volunteers, shall take the Oath by this Act required to be taken, and shall be enrolled, or sign their Consent to serve in the Militia in such Manner as is directed by this Act, and in case of Refusal, shall be subject to the same Penalties as in like Cases are inflicted by this Act: Provided always, that where the Number of Militia Men so fixed and settled for any County, Stewartry, City or Place as aforesaid, shall be less than the former Quota of such County, Stewartry, City or Place, then and in every such Case the said Lieutenants, together with any Two or more

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 91.

519

Deputy Lieutenants, or (on the Death or Removal, or in the Absence of the said Lieutenant) any Three or more Deputy Lieutenants shall, at a General Meeting to be held for that Purpose, dismiss to their own Homes by Ballot, proportionally out of each respective Parish or other Division, so many Militia Men as shall exceed the Number so fixed and settled as aforesaid; and the Men dismissed several Persons so dismissed as aforesaid shall remain liable to liable to serve, serve in the Militia, and shall and are hereby required to join any Regiment or Battalion of Militia serving for the County, Stewartry, ma(je out of City or Place, from the Militia of which they shall have been dis- which Vacan-missed, whenever called upon so to do, for the Purpose of supply- cies shall be ing Vacancies that may arise in the said Militia; and the Names filled up during of all the Persons so dismissed as aforesaid shall be entered in a er

List; and the Deputy Lieutenants shall cause the Men necessary gagement. for supplying any Vacancies that may thereafter arise in the Militia of such County, Stewartry, City or Place, to be ballotted for out of the Persons contained in any such List as aforesaid, while fit Persons can be found to supply such Vacancies, and so from Time to Time as Occasion shall require, so long as any of the Persons contained in any such List can be found fit to supply such Vacancies as aforesaid; and every Person so ballotted to supply such Vacancy, who shall not be unfit by reason of Sickness or bodily Inability, shall serve in the Militia of such County,

Stewartry, City or Place, upon the Conditions and for the Remainder of the Time for which such Person shall have been engaged to serve in such Militia before he was dismissed as aforesaid; and whenever and as soon as all Persons returned in any Future Vacan-such List that can be found fit to supply such Vacancies as afore- cies* said shall by Ballot have supplied such Vacancies as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Men necessary for supplying such future Vacancies as ma)’’ arise in such Militia, shall be raised, chosen and ballotted for in Manner directed by this Act.

" General Meetings may alter Subdivisions, and Allotment of " Men in each Parish or other Division. § 34. § 40. of c. 90.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Deputy Lieutenants At Second Sub-assembled at their said Second Meeting within any Subdivison as division Meet-aforesaid, shall appoint what Number of Men shall serve for each inS Deputy Parish and Place within such Subdivision, in Proportion to the to

Number last appointed, in the Manner herein-before directed, at dumber of a General Meeting, to serve for each Parish or other Division; Men for each and shall appoint another Meeting to be holden within Three Parish, &c. and Weeks from the Day on which such Meeting was holden, within order Notice the same Subdivision; and shall issue out an Order to the Chief next&Meet-Constable or other Officers of the respective Counties, Stewartries, ingj at wiuCh Cities or Places, and to the Schoolmaster and Constable or other they shall cause Officer of every Parish or Place within their respective Counties, the Persons to Stewartries, Cities or Places, of the Number of Men so appointed dotted to serve for such Parish or Place, and of the Time and Place of Mother Meeu the next Subdivision Meeting; and the said Deputy Lieutenants, ing> when Per-or any Two or more of them, assembled in pursuance of such Ap- sons chosen by pointments, shall cause the Number of Men appointed to serve as Ballot shall aforesaid to be chosen by Ballot out of the List returned for every attend and take Parish or Place aforesaid, in Manner following; (that is to say,) the the foll<nvinS

520

C. 91.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Oath

and be enrolled for Five Years.

Substitutes may be produced, and if approved, shall be enrolled, and take the following

Oath.

Names of all the Men contained in such List so returned for each Parish or Place, written or printed on distinct Pieces of Paper, being all as nearly as may be of equal Size, and rolled up in the same Manner, shall be put into a Box or some other Vessel, and shall there be shaken together, and then a Number of Names, equal to the Quota to be furnished by such Parish or Place shall be drawn out and opened by the Person presiding at the Meeting; and shall in like Manner proceed to ballot for each Parish or Place within their Subdivision; and at the Meeting at which the Militia Men to serve for each Parish or Place within their Subdivision shall have been so ballotted for the said Deputy Lieutenants shall appoint another Meeting to be holden within Three Weeks for the same Subdivision, and shall issue out an Order to the Chief Constables or other Officers of the respective Counties, Stewartries, Cities and Places, and to the Schoolmaster, Constable or other Officer, of every Parish or Place, to give Notice to every Man so chosen to serve in the Militia, to appear at such Meeting, which Notice shall be given or left at his Place of Abode at least Seven Days before such Meeting; and such Schoolmaster, Constable or other Officer, shall attend such Meeting, and make such Return upon Oath of the Days when such Notice was served; and every Person so chosen by Ballot shall, upon such Notice, appear at such Meeting, and if on Examination found able and fit for the Service, and approved of in Manner herein after directed, shall then and there take the following Oath; (that is to say,)

I A.B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful

and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty King and

that I will faithfully serve in the Militia within Great

for the Defence of the same, during the Term of Five Years for which I am enrolled, unless I shall be sooner discharged/’

And every such Person shall be then and there enrolled (in a Roll to be then and there prepared for that Purpose) to serve in the Militia of such County, Stewartry, City or Place, as a private Militia Man, for the Space of Five Years.

XXXVI. Provided always, That if any Person so chosen by Ballot shall produce for his Substitute a Man of the same County or Counties, Stewartries, Cities or Places, forming a Battalion, as herein after directed, or of some adjoining County, Stewarty, City or Place, able and fit for Service, and who shall be examined and approved in Manner herein after directed, such Substitute so produced and approved shall be enrolled to serve in the Militia of such County, Stewartry, City or Place, as a private Militia Man, for the Space of Five Years, and also for such further Time as the Militia shall remain embodied, if within the Space of Five Years His Majesty shall order and direct the Militia for which such Man is enrolled to be drawn out and embodied, as herein after provided; and such Substitute shall take the following Oath:

I A.B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful

and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty King, and

that I will faithfully serve in the Militia, within Great

for the Defence of the same, during the Term of Five Years, or for such further Time as the Militia shall remain embodied, if

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 91. 521

within the Space of Five Years His Majesty shall order and direct the Militia to be drawn out and embodied, unless I shall be sooner discharged.' £ Other ,51 G.S. 118. $ 2.]

And any Person so chosen by Ballot, for whom such Substitute shall have been so produced, approved, enrolled and sworn as aforesaid, shall be exempt from Service in the Militia in the same Manner as if he himself had served, according to the Directions of this Act.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if the Inhabitants of any Parish or Place shall provide and produce to the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any Two or more of them, at any Subdivision Meeting for choosing the Militia Men by Ballot, any Volunteer or Volunteers, who shall be examined and approved as is herein after mentioned, such Volunteer or Volunteers so examined and approved (a), shall be then and there sworn in and enrolled to serve for such Term, and on the same Conditions, as is herein-before provided in case of Substitutes produced by Persons chosen by Ballot; and the said Deputy Lieutenants shall cause only such Number of Persons to be chosen by Ballot out of the Lists returned for such Parish or Place, as shall be then wanted to make up the whole Number to serve for such Parish or Place.

(a) \_See § 47.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Peer of this Realm, nor any Person being a Commissioned Officer in His Majesty's other Forces or in any One of His Majesty's Castles or Forts, nor any Officer on the Half pay of the Navy, Army or Marines, nor any Non Commissioned Officer or private Man, serving in any of His Majesty's other Forces, nor any Commissioned Officer serving or who shall have served Four Years in the Militia, nor any Person being a Professor of any of the Four Universities, nor any licensed Clergyman, nor any Parish Schoolmaster, nor any Teacher licensed within the County, Stewartry, City or Place, to teach in some separate Congregation, whose Place of Meeting shall have been duly registered within the Twelve Months previous to the General Meeting appointed to meet in August for the Purposes of this Act, nor any Constable or other Peace Officer, nor any Apprentice, Seaman or Seafaring Man, nor any Person employed and mustered in His Majesty's Service in any of His Majesty's Forts or Castles, nor any Man who has more than Two lawful Children, and who is not possessed of an Estate in Lands, Goods or Money of the clear Value of Fifty Pounds Sterling, and who shall make Oath that he is not seised or possessed of such Estate, shall be liable to serve personally or provide a Substitute to serve in the Militia; and no Person having served personally, or by Substitute, according to the Directions of this Act, or of any former Act for raising a Militia in Scotland, shall be obliged to serve again until by Rotation it shall come to his Turn; but no Person who has served only as a Substitute or Volunteer in the Militia, shall by such Service be exempted from serving again, if he shall be chosen by Ballot.

" Deputy Lieutenants may amend Lists, and proceed, when " necessary, to a fresh Ballot. One Deputy Lieutenant may " administer Oaths, &c. and order Men to be enrolled. § 59. " Persons chosen (except Quakers) not appearing, &c. shall forfeit

The Inhabitants of any Place may produce Volunteers, who, if approved, shall be sworn and enrolled.

Persons exempted.

Substitutes or

Volunteers

liable.

522

C. 91.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Two Deputy Lieutenants may provide Substitutes for Quakers, and levy the Expence by Distress, &c. or commit the Defaulter.

Appeal to Deputy Lieutenants at next Meeting.

No Person to be deemed a Quaker unless he produce a Certificate.

No Man shall be enrolled until reported

" feit 10/. or in Default of Payment be compelled to serve. § 40.

" If any Lists be lost new ones shall be made out. § 41. Persons " chosen shall serve, though they remove, and having more than " One Residence, shall serve where first inserted in the List. $ 42.

" Persons shall serve for County or Stewartry where the " Parish Church is situated. § 43. Persons fraudently bound u Apprentice shall be liable to serve, and the Master shall forfeit " 10/.—£ 44.

[ See§§ 44—49. of 90.]

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person being One of the People called Quakers, shall be chosen by Ballot to serve in the Militia, and shall refuse or neglect to appear, and to take the Oath and serve in the Militia, or to provide a Substitute of the same County, Stewartry or Place, or of some adjoining Parish or Place, to be examined and approved as herein after directed, who shall take the said Oath and subscribe his Consent to serve as the Substitute of such Quaker, then and in every such Case any Two or more Deputy Lieutenants shall, if they shall think proper, upon as reasonable Terms as may be, provide and hire a fit Person of the same County or Counties, Stewartries, Cities or Places, forming a Battalion or Regiment as herein after directed to serve as a Substitute for such Quaker; and such Substitute shall, after being duly examined and approved, take the said Oath, and subscribe his Consent to serve in the Militia for the same Term, and on the same Conditions as is herein-before directed in the Case of Substitutes produced by Persons chosen by Ballot; and any Two or more Deputy Lieutenants may and are hereby authorized, by Warrant under their Hands, to levy, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Effects of such Quaker, such Sum of Money as shall be necessary to defray the Expence of providing and hiring such Substitute, rendering to such Quaker the Overplus (if any), after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale; and if no Goods or Effects belonging to such Quaker can be found sufficient to levy such Distress, and it shall nevertheless appear satisfactorily to such Deputy Lieutenants that such Quaker is of sufficient Ability to pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, then it shall be lawful for such Deputy Lieutenants to commit such Quaker to the common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of Three Months, or until he shall have paid such Sum of Money as such Deputy Lieutenants shall have agreed to pay to such Substitute as aforesaid; and in case any Measures shall be used in making Distress as aforesaid, which may be by any such Quaker thought oppressive, it shall be lawful for such Quaker to complain to the Deputy Lieutenants at their next Meeting, who are hereby empowered and required to hear and finally determine the same.

XLVI. Provided always, That no Man shall be deemed, taken and accepted to be a Quaker within the Meaning of this Act, unless he shall produce before the Deputy Lieutenants, at some of their Subdivision Meetings, a Certificate under the Hands of Two or more reputable Housekeepers, being of the People called Quakers, acknowledging such Man to be One of their Persuasion.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That no Man shall be approved or enrolled to serve in the Militia under this Act, either as a ballotted Man or as a Substitute or Volunteer, until he shall have

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 91.

525

have been carefully examined by some Surgeon of competent Skill, and shall have been declared and reported by such Surgeon to be neither ruptured, lame, maimed nor afflicted with any Disorder that may render him unfit to serve, but to be in every respect able and fit for Service; and the Deputy Lieutenants assembled at their Subdivision Meetings, or any Two Deputy Lieutenants, shall in all Cases, before they proceed to enrol any Man for the Militia, cause such Examination to be carefully made; and it shall be lawful for the said Deputy Lieutenants, and they are hereby empowered and directed to require the Attendance of any Surgeon of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of the Militia of the County, Stewartry, City or Place for which any Man is to be enrolled, or any Surgeon belonging to His Majesty's other Forces, if any such Surgeon is within a reasonable Distance, and can conveniently be had, or otherwise to require the Attendance of any other competent Surgeon, for that Purpose; and a reasonable Allowance, not exceeding Ten Shillings shall be made to the Surgeon performing such Examination, for every Day he shall actually attend for that Purpose, and shall be paid to him in like Manner as Allowances are by this Act directed to be made and paid to Subdivision Clerks- (a) [One Guinea, 53 3. c. 81.

§ 2. See 55 G.3. c. 65. § 8.]

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall appear to any Two or more Deputy Lieutenants assembled at any Subdivision Meeting, that any Person chosen by Ballot to serve in the Militia is not of the full Height of Five Feet Four Inches or is not approved upon Examination by a Surgeon according to the Directions of this Act, such Deputy Lieutenants shall and are hereby empowered and required to discharge such Person, and immediately to amend the List for the Place for which such Person shall have been ballotted, and to cause another Person to be chosen in his Stead, by Ballot, according to the Directions of this Act. (&) [Five feel Two Inches, 55 G.3. c. 65. §10.; but which is repealed, 56 G. 3. c. 64. § 2.]

" Deputy Lieutenants shall class the Men enrolled, and make out " a List ( see Schedule E.); a Copy of which the Subdivision Clerk

" shall transmit to the Clerk of the General Meetings, to be entered in a Book. § 49. Men becoming unfit may be discharged; " but if by the Commandant of the Regiment or Battalion only, " Discharge must be confirmed by Two Deputy Lieutenants of " the County, &c. to which the Regiment or Battalion belongs. " § 50. Vacancies by Death, &c. shall be filled up by a fresh " Ballot. § 51. No Ballot on Private’s being made Non Commissioned Officer in Room of One reduced. 6 52.

[See §§ 54— 57. ofc. 90.]

LIII. And be it further enacted, That where in any Regiment or Battalion of Militia, in which any private Man shall be appointed a Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, in consequence of any Vacancy occasioned by the Death or Discharge of any Non Commissioned Officer or Drummer, the Parish or Place for which such private Militia Man was then serving shall find and provide another Man in his Stead, who shall be ballotted for in the Manner directed by this Act, unless a Volunteer shall be found by such Parish or Place.

" De-

fit for Service by a Surgeon.

Surgeon’s Allowance.

Two Deputy Lieutenants may discharge Persons chosen if unfit for Service, and others shall be chosen

Private becoming Non Commissioned Officer, &c. on Vacancy, another shall be ballotted for, or Volunteer found.

42° GEO. III

A.D. 1802.

524

Enrolment of Servants not to vacate their Contracts with their Masters, unless the Militia shall be embodied, &c.

Disputes touching Wages under 201. may be settled by Two Justices, and levied by Distress. &c.

Substitutes or Volunteers not appearing to be sworn in to return the Bounty, and be liable

,91.

Deputy Lieutenants, on Certificate of Death, Promotion, &c " shall supply Vacancies. § 54. How Men shall be supplied in " Room of those whose Terms of Service will expire before No*

" vernier 20. in each Year. § 55.

[See §$ 59, 60. of c. 90.]

LVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Servant whatever, hired by the Year or otherwise, shall be enrolled as a Militia Man by virtue of this Act, such Enrolment shall not vacate or rescind the Contract or alter the Engagement between such Servant and his Master or Mistress, or Employer or Employers, unless the Militia of the County, Stewartry, City or Place for which such Servant shall be enrolled shall be embodied or called out by His Majesty, or ordered so to be in pursuance of this Act, or unless such Person so enrolled shall leave the Service of his Master, Mistress, or Employer or Employers, for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, for the Space of Twenty one Days, in pursuance of this Act, and shall not return again to the same Service at the End of such Twenty one Days, or as soon after as reasonably may be, allowing to his Master, Mistress, or Employer or Employers, an Abatement from his Wages in Proportion to the Duration of his Absence from his said Service, to be settled by any Two or more Justices of the Peace in the Manner herein after mentioned; and in every such Case, where any Dispute shall arise between such Servant and his Master or Mistress, or Employer or Employers, touching any Sum or Sums of Money due to such Servant for or on account of his Service performed before the Time of his Departure from Service, under the Conditions of the said Enrolment, or by being called out to join the Militia in which he' shall have been so enrolled, or touching any Abatement to be made by such Servant by reason of his Absence for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, it shall and may be lawful, on Complaint made thereof to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Stewartry, City or Place where such Master or Mistress, or Employer or Employers shall inhabit, for such Justices to hear and determine every such Complaint, and to examine upon Oath every such Servant or any other Witness or Witnesses, touching the same, and to make such Order for the Payment of so much Wages to such Servant in Proportion to the Service he has performed, or such Abatement from his Wages, in Proportion to the Duration of his Absence from his Service as the Case may require, and as to such Justices shall seem just and reasonable, provided the Sum in question do not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and in case of Refusal or Non Payment of any Sums so ordered to be paid by the Space of Twenty one Days next after such Determination, such Justice may and shall issue forth his Warrant to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Effects of such Master or Mistress, or Employer or Employers, rendering the Overplus to the Owner or Owners, after Payment of the Charges of such Distress and Sale.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall receive Money from any other Person to serve as his Substitute in the Militia, or from any Person or Persons to serve as a Volunteer as aforesaid, and shall neglect to appear at the usual Meeting appointed for swearing in the Militia Men, or before some One

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 91. 525

Deputy Lieutenant, in order to be sworn according to the Direc- to Penalty of tions of this Act, being convicted thereof before any Deputy b^ommSed1* Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace, shall be obliged to return the e Money to the Person or Persons from whom he received it, and shall forfeit and pay to such Person or Persons any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Twenty Shillings, at the Discretion of the Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace before whom he shall be so convicted; and if such Offender shall not immediately return the Money so by him received as aforesaid, and likewise pay the said Penalty, he shall be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for Fourteen Days, or until the said Sum shall be returned.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person chosen by How Two De-. Ballot to serve in the Militia, shall have engaged any other Person puty Lieute-to serve as his Substitute, or if any Person or Persons shall have "ant.s or One engaged any Person to serve as a Volunteer as aforesaid, and the ^Mo. Person so chosen by Ballot, or such Person or Persons engaging ney agreed to a Volunteer, shall have agreed to pay to the Person so engaged a be given a Sub-certain Sum for such Service, it shall be lawful for Two Deputy stitute or Vo-Lieutenants, or any One Justice of the Peace, when the Militia of to be

the County, Stewartry, City or Place for which such Substitute pai im* or Volunteer shall be enrolled shall not be embodied; and they and he are and is hereby required, after such Substitute or Volunteer has been examined by a Surgeon, and approved according to the Directions of this Act, and enrolled by the Deputy Lieutenants in pursuance thereof, to order such Sum of Money as shall appear to them or him to be due to the Substitute or Volunteer so engaged, to be immediately paid to him on such Enrolment, by the Person or Persons by or for whom he shall be engaged to serve as aforesaid; and in every Case where the Militia shall be embodied at the Time of such Enrolment, it shall be lawful for the said Deputy Lieutenants or Justice to direct any Sum not exceeding One Half Part of the said Sum of Money so engaged to be given as aforesaid, to be paid to him forthwith, or to be advanced to such Person, or to such of his Family, and in such Proportions as he shall request at the Time of such his Enrolment, and the remaining Part thereof to be paid to and received by the Clerk of the Subdivision Meeting, who shall thereupon forthwith remit the same to the Paymaster or Battalion Clerk of the Regiment or Battalion of Militia to which such Substitute or Volunteer shall be sent as a Militia Man, to be retained by him until such Substitute or Volunteer shall have joined such Regiment or Battalion, and been approved at. Head Quarters as fit to serve, and then' to be paid or accounted for to such Substitute or Volunteer; and if he shall not join or be approved of, then such Money shall remain in the Hands of such Paymaster, to be afterwards applied in like Manner to the Payment of some other Substitute or Volunteer in lieu of the One for whom such Money shall have been remitted as aforesaid; and such Deputy Lieutenants or Justice shall proceed therein for enforcing the Payment of every such Sum of Money, in such and the like Manner, in every respect, and by all such and the like Powers and Authorities as is and are directed by and contained in all or any Statutes or Statute made for the Recovery of Wages in Scotland ;and if any such Subdivision clerk neglect-

Clerk ing.

Payment of such Money may be enforced as Recovery of "Wages in Scotland.

526

0.91.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Penalty 201.

Enlistment of Militia Man into the other Forces, void; Man so offering to enlist himself, &c.;

Punishment.

Officer enlisting Men.

Penalty 20l.

Soldiers offering to serve as Substitutes in Militia. Penalty 101.

Serjeants, &c. of Militia beating up for Volunteers.

Penalty 20l.

Refusing to declare from whom he received his orders;

Punishment.

Clerk shall omit or neglect to remit such Money within One Week after the same shall have been paid to him as aforesaid, such Clerk shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Officer, Serjeant or other Person, shall at any Time wilfully and knowingly enlist any Man to serve in His Majesty's other Forces, who at the Time of such enlisting shall be enrolled or engaged to serve in the Militia, every such enlisting shall be deemed null and void; and in case any Militia Man at the Time of offering to enlist as aforesaid shall deny to the Officer, Serjeant or other Person recruiting for Men to enlist and serve in His Majesty's other Forces, that he is (at the Time of his offering to enlist) a Militia Man then actually enrolled and engaged to serve, (which the said Officer, Serjeant, or other Person is hereby required to ask every Man offering to enlist in His Majesty's other Forces,) or shall oner himself to be enrolled and serve in any other Regiment or Battalion of Militia, every Militia Man so offending shall, on Conviction thereof upon the Oath of One Witness before any One Justice of the Peace, be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for and during any Time not exceeding Six Months, and his Term of Service shall recommence from the Date of such Commitment, over and above any Penalty or Punishment to which such Person so offending is or shall be otherwise liable; and every Person so offending, from the Day on which his Engagement to serve in the Militia shall end, and not sooner, shall belong as a Soldier to the Corps- of His Majesty's other Forces into which he shall have been so enlisted; and if any Officer or other Person shall enlist any Man belonging to the Militia to serve in His Majesty's other Forces, knowing him to belong to the Militia, or without asking him if he belongs to the Militia, every such Officer, Serjeant or other Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any Person actually serving in any of His Majesty's other Forces shall offer himself to serve and be enrolled as a Substitute in the Militia, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay to the Person informing of such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds, or be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for any Time not exceeding Three Months.

LX. And be it further enacted, That if any Persons shall give Orders to any Serjeant, Drummer, or other Person serving in the Militia, to beat up in any City, Town or Place, for Volunteers to serve in the Militia, the Person who shall give such Orders shall, upon Proof thereof and upon such beating up as aforesaid, upon Oath before any Justice of the Peace, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, One Moiety whereof shall be applied to the Use of the Person, who shall make Information thereof before any Justice of the Peace; and if such Serjeant, Drummer or other Person, shall refuse to declare upon Oath before such Justice, from whom he received such Orders, it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Serjeant, Drummer or other Person to the Flouse of Correction for any Time not exceeding Three Months.

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 91.

527

LXI. And be it further enacted, That the Money arising by Penalties incurred for refusing to serve in the Militia, or to find Substitutes to serve in their Room, shall be applied by any Two or more Deputy Lieutenants, within their respective Subdivisions, in providing Substitutes for the Persons who have paid such Penalties, which Substitutes shall be examined, approved, sworn in and enrolled to serve for the same Term, in the same Manner, and on the same Conditions, as is herein-before provided in the Case of Substitutes provided by Persons chosen by Ballot: and if any Surplus shall remain, the same shall be paid to the Colonels or other Commandants of the respective Regiments or Battalions in which such Persons ought to have served as Militia Men, and be applied as Part of the Regimental Stock; and a Return of the Amount of such Penalties, with the Names of Persons paying the same, shall be transmitted by the Clerk of the Subdivision Meetings to the Clerk of the General Meetings, and where Two or more Counties, Stewartries, Cities or Places are joined together to form a Regiment or Battalion, a Copy of every such Return shall be transmitted by the Clerk of the General Meetings of such County, Stewartry, City or Place, or Counties, Stewartries, Cities or Places, to the Clerk of the General Meeting of the County, Stewartry, City or Place, furnishing the greatest Number of Men to such Regiment or Battalion; and the Return of the Account of such Penalties, with the Names of Persons paying the same, shall be transmitted by the Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings to the Clerks of the General Meetings; and where Two or more Counties, Stewartries, Cities or Places are joined together to form a Regiment or Battalion, such Return shall be sent by the Clerk or Clerks of the General Meetings of the other County, Stewartry, City or Place, or Counties, Stewartries, Cities or Places, to the Clerk of the General Meeting of the County or Stewartry, furnishing the greatest Number of Men to such Regiment or Battalion.

" County Lieutenants, &c. authorized to administer Oaths. § 62.

[See § 67. of c. 90.]

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Militia of the several Counties, Stewartries, Cities and Places aforesaid, shall be divided into Fifteen different Regiments or Battalions, consisting of Companies not more than One hundred Men, nor less than Sixty Men each; and that for the Formation of the said Regiments or Battalions, the said Counties, Stewartries, Cities and Places shall compose Regiments or Battalions, and be classed as follows; (videlicet,) The County of Aberdeen shall of itself form One Battalion; and the Counties of Ayr, Fife, Lanark, Perth and Renfrew, shall in like Manner of themselves form each a Battalion: And the following Counties, Stewartries, Cities and Places shall be joined together to form Battalions; ( ,)

The Counties of Argyle and Bute

The Counties of Berwick, Haddington, Linlithgow and Peebles; The Counties of Caithness, Sutherland, Ross and The Counties of Dumfries, Roxburgh and Selkirk

The County of Edinburgh and the City of Edinburgh

The Counties of Forfar and Kincardine

The

Application of Penalties for refusing to serve.

A Return of Penalties, and Persons paying them, to be transmitted by Clerks of Subdivisions to Clerks of General Meetings, &c.

How Militia divided and classed.

528

Establishments of the Militia.

How Field Officers appointed.

C. 91. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

The Counties of Inverness, B&tiff', Elgin ami Nairne

The Stewartry of Kirkcudbright and County of Wigton; and

The Counties of Stirling, Dunbarton, Clackmannan and Kinross.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That to each Company of such Regiments or Battalions of Militia as aforesaid there shall be One Captain, One Lieutenant and One Ensign; and that the Field Officers of such Regiments or Battalions shall be as follows; (that is to say,) in every Regiment or Battalion consisting of not less than Four hundred and twrenty private Men, there shall be One Colonel, One Lieutenant Colonel and One Major; and in every Regiment or Battalion consisting of less than Four hundred and twenty private Men, there shall be One Lieutenant Colonel and One Major: Provided always, that no Colonel or Field Officer in the Militia shall be a Captain of a Company, except in the Case herein after mentioned: Provided also, that where a Regiment or Battalion shall consist of less than Four hundred and twenty private Men, but not less than Two hundred and fifty private Men Three Persons qualified according to this Act may be appointed to hold the Rank of Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel and Major, in such Regiment or Battalion respectively, but with no higher Pay than if the Persons so appointed to hold the Rank of Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel and Major, were appointed to hold only the Rank of Lieutenant Colonel, Major and Captain respectively, and which Three Persons who may be so appointed to hold the Rank of Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel and Major respectively, shall be severally appointed in the Manner herein after provided in the Case of other Colonels, Lieutenant Colonels and Majors of the Militia: Provided also, that every Regiment or Battalion consisting of Five Companies, but less than Eight Companies, may have One Company of Grenadiers or Light Infantry, to which Two Lieutenants shall be appointed instead of One Lieutenant and One Ensign; and that every Regiment or Battalion consisting of Eight Companies or upwards, may have One Company of Grenadiers and One Company of Light Infantry, to each of which Companies Two Lieutenants shall be appointed instead of One Lieutenant and One Ensign: Provided also, that to every Company consisting of Ninety private Men and upwards, there may be Two Lieutenants and One Ensign, or Three Lieutenants as the Case may be.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That the different Field Officers commanding the said several Battalions shall be appointed as follows: Where Three or more Counties, Stewartries, Cities or Places are joined together to form a Battalion, the Colonel shall be appointed by the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City or Place, furnishing the greatest Number of private Men; the Lieutenant Colonel shall be appointed by the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City or Place, furnishing the next greatest Number; and the Major shall be appointed by the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City or Place, furnishing the Third greatest Number; And where Two Counties, Stewartries, Cities or Places only are joined together to form a Battalion, then and in such Case the Colonel and Major shall be appointed by the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City or Place furnishing the greatest Number; and the Lieutenant Colonel shall be appointed by the

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 91.

529

Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City or Place, furnishing the smallest Number; and where One County, Stewartry, City or Place of itself forms One Battalion, then the Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel and Major, shall be appointed by the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City or Place forming such Battalion.

LXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any County, Stewartry, City or Place does not furnish Men sufficient to form a Company, the Lieutenant of such County, Stewartry, City or Place, shall not appoint any of the Field Officers.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Captains and Subalterns of Companies shall be appointed as follows: Where the Men furnished by any County, Stewartry, City or Place, shall not be sufficient for a Company, the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City or Place, furnishing the greatest fractional Part of a Company, shall appoint the Captain; the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City or Place furnishing the next greatest fractional Part of a Company, shall appoint the Lieutenant; and the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City or Place furnishing the next greatest fractional Part of a Company, shall appoint the Ensign; and where the Men furnished by Two Counties only form One Company, or the fractional Part of a Company, the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City or Place furnishing the largest fractional Part of such Company, shall appoint the Captain; and the Lieutenant of the other County, Stewartry, City or Place, shall appoint the Lieutenant and Ensign: And where any County, Stewartry, City or Place shall furnish Men sufficient for One or more complete Company or Companies, the Captains, Lieutenants and Ensigns of such Company or Companies shall be, appointed by the Lieutenant of such Count}’', Stewartry, City or Place; and any fractional Part of a Company which may remain furnished by such County, Stewartry, City or Place, shall become subject to the Rules above prescribed, where the Men furnished by Two or more Counties, Stewartries, Cities or Places, are requisite to complete a Company.

LXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if His Majesty shall at any Time direct that any Proportion of the said Militia shall be trained and exercised to the Service of any Artillery that may be attached to any Regiment or Battalion of Militia, it shall be lawful for His Majesty to direct that a Supernumerary Officer or Officers of the said Regiment or Battalion of such Rank as His Majesty shall order, and being duly qualified as aforesaid, shall be appointed to and for the said Men so directed to be trained and exercised as aforesaid.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Officer of any Militia Regiment or Battalion, who may have accepted or shall accept a Commission or Appointment of the same Rank in any other Militia Regiment or Battalion, and shall thereby vacate his former Commission, shall continue to rank in the general Service according to the Date of his Commission, or Appointment of the same Rank in the Militia so vacated as aforesaid.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That when any Colonel or other Commandant of any Regiment or Battalion of Militia shall be absent from Great Britain, and until he shall return to Great Britain, and shall have notified his Arrival to the Clerk of the

General

Exception.

How Captains and Subalterns appointed.

Supernumerary Officers appointed for Artillery.

Rank of Officers accepting Commissions in other Regiments of Militia.

When a Commandant shall be absent from. G. B. His Majesty may direct

530

C. 91.

42° GEO. III.

A.E). 1802.

the Officer next in Command to act, who shall have the same Powers till the Commandant return and notify Arrival to Clerk of General Meetings.

General Meeting of the District to which such Regiment or Battalion shall belong, and to the Commanding Officer and Adjutant thereof, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by Warrant under His Sign Manual, to direct and order that the Officer next in Command, who shall be residing in Great Britain shall in all Cases act and serve as the Commandant of such Regiment or Battalion; and all Powers and Authorities which might have been exercised by such Colonel or other Commandant, so absent as aforesaid, while resident in Great Britain, shall be vested in and exercised by the Officer next in Command in such Regiment or Battalion, who shall be resident in Great Britain; and from and after issuing the said Warrant as aforesaid, all Matters and Things which ought to be transacted and done by any other Person or Persons with such Colonel or other Commandant whilst resident in Gy'eat

shall be transacted and done during the Time aforesaid, with such Officer so next in Command as aforesaid, who shall be residing in Great Britain; and all Money directed to be issued or paid to or to the Order of such Colonel or other Commandant for the Use of such Regiment or Battalion, shall be issued and paid to or to the Order of such Officer next in Command as aforesaid; and all Acts, Matters and Things, done by and with such Officer so next in Command as aforesaid, during the Time aforesaid, which are or shall be authorized or required to be done by or with such Colonel or other Commandant when in Great, shall be good and valid

as if done by or with such Colonel or other Commandant; and during the Absence from Great Britain of the Colonel or other Commandant of such Regiment or Battalion, and until he shall return to Great Britain, and notify his Arrival as aforesaid, the Officer next in Command in such Regiment or Battalion, who shall be residing in Great Britain, shall appoint the Regimental or Battalion Clerk and Agent to such Regiment or Battalion, in the same Manner as such Colonel or other Commandant might have done, and shall take Security from such Agent, and shall be and is hereby made subject and liable to make good all Deficiencies that may happen from the said Agent, or from himself, upon account of the Pay, Clothing or publick Stock of such Regiment or Battalion: How such Ab- Provided always, that such Officer so next in Command as aforesaid, who shall assume the Powers so given to him as aforesaid, in consquence of the Absence from Great Britain, of his Colonel or other Commandant, shall, within Seven Days after he shall assume any such Powers, notify the Absence from Great Britain of such Colonel or other Commandant, to the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City or Place, and also when the Regiment or Battalion, Orders of Com- shall be in actual Service, to the Secretary at War: Provided also, mandant, or his that if any such Colonel or other Commandant as aforesaid shall next in Com- have given any Orders for Clothing or other Necessaries, or for for Accoutrements, which ought to be provided in due Course, or in Accoutmments, pursuance of any Order by proper Authority, at the Time when to be duly com- such Order shall be given, for the Use of his Regiment or Battalion, pleted. and if before such Orders shall be completed, or after the same

shall be completed, and before the Money shall be issued for the same, such Colonel or other Commandant shall leave Great Britain, the Orders so given by such Colonel or other Commandant shall nevertheless be completed, and the Money to be issued in

sence of Commandant notified to County Lieutenant and Secretary of War.

A.D. 1802.

4.2° GEO. III. C. 91.

531

respect thereof shall be paid to the Order of such Colonel or other Commandant, notwithstanding his Absence from Great Britain as aforesaid; and in like Manner if any Officer so next in Command as aforesaid shall in consequence of the Absence from Great Britain of his Colonel or other Commandant, and under the Authorities given to him as aforesaid, give any Orders for Clothing or other Necessaries, or for Accoutrements, which ought to be provided in due Course, or in pursuance of any Order by proper Authority, at the Time when such Orders shall be given, for the Use of his Regiment or Battalion, and before such Orders shall be completed, or after the same shall be completed, and before the Money which ought to be issued shall be issued for the same, the Colonel or other Commandant shall return to Great Britain, and notify his Arrival as aforesaid, the Orders so given by such Officer so next in Command as aforesaid shall be completed, and the Money to be issued in respect thereof shall be paid to the Order of such Officer, notwithstanding the Return of such Colonel or other Commandant as aforesaid.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That His Majesty may and shall appoint One proper Person, who shall have served in some of His Majesty's other Forces, or in the Militia of England or of Scotland, while embodied, for the Term of Five Years at the least, to be an Adjutant to each Regiment or Battalion of Militia; and such Adjutant, if appointed out of His Majesty's other Forces, shall, during his Service in the Militia, preserve his Rank in the Army in the same Manner as if he had continued in that Service; and it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant of any County, Stewartry, City or Place, on the Recommendation of the Colonel or other Commandant of any Regiment or Battalion of Militia, to appoint the Adjutant of such Regiment or Battalion to serve with the Rank of Captain, provided such Adjutant shall have served Five Years in the Militia while embodied, or in His Majesty^’s other Forces, although such Adjutant may not have the Qualification required by this Act for Captains (a): Provided always, that no such Appointment to the Rank of Captain shall be valid, unless in the Instrument granting the same it be specified in what Regiment or Battalion of the Militia, while embodied, or of His Majesty's other Forces, such Adjutant hath served and what was or were the Date or Dates of his Commission or Commissions: Provided also, that no Adjutant so appointed to serve with the Rank of Captain shall, by virtue of the Date of such Appointment as aforesaid, or otherwise, be entitled to rank above or to command any Captain of a Company in the Militia: Provided also, that no such Adjutant shall, by reason of any such Appointment as aforesaid, be entitled to receive any greater or other Pay than that of Adjutant.

(a) \_See $ 5. ante.']

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City or Place, who is authorized by this Act to name the Colonel of any Regiment or Battalion of Militia, with the Approbation of His Majesty, to appoint One fit and proper Person, who shall have passed an Examination at Surgeons’ Hall in London, or before the College of Surgeons in Edinburgh, and received his Certificate accordingly, to be Surgeon of such Regiment or Battalion; and every such Appointment shall recite the Certificate of the Person so appoint-

His Majesty may appoint certain Persons to be Adjutants, who may be appointed to the Rank of Captain, though not qualified.

Rank and Pay of such Adjutant.

Appointment of Surgeon.

532

C 91.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Allowance,&c. to Surgeon while Militia disembodied.

When embodied, such Surgeon shall receive Pay, &c. as in the Infantry, but shall not hold any other Commission.

Appointment and Rank of Quarter Master.

Regimental

Clerk.

The Proportions of Non Commissioned

ed, and an attested Copy thereof shall be transmitted to and deposited with the Clerk of the General Meetings; and every such Surgeon shall, while the Militia to which he shall belong are disembodied, receive Ten Shillings per Day for every Day of his Attendance during any Exercise of such Militia under this Act, and the same for every Day that he shall attend the Enrolments at the Subdivision Meetings; such last mentioned Attendances being certified by any Deputy Lieutenant or Lieutenants of such Subdivision Meeting to the Collector of the County, Stewartry, City or Place, the Lieutenant of which has appointed such Surgeon in Manner aforesaid; and in Addition thereto, every such Surgeon shall also receive his actual and reasonable Expences for Medicines and Necessaries for the Sick, during the Time of any Exercise of such Militia in pursuance of this Act, and for his Attendance, Medicines and Necessaries for the sick Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, wdien actually resident at the Head Quarters of the Regiment or Battalion as herein after directed, which shall be repaid him by the said Collector, on an Account stated by such Surgeon, and certified by the Commanding Officer and Adjutant of the Regiment or Battalion to which he shall belong; and every such Surgeon so appointed as aforesaid shall, during the Time of the Militia to which he shall belong being embodied, receive the Pay and Allowance of a Surgeon of Infantry in His Majesty's other Forces, and be subject to the like Rules, Restrictions and Directions, in every Respect as far as the same may be applicable; and no such Surgeon shall be capable of holding any other Commission in such Militia, or of receiving any Pay in respect of any other Commission in such Militia, during the Time of his being such Surgeon as aforesaid.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for tire Colonel of each Regiment or Battalion, with the Approbation of His Majesty, to appoint One fit and proper Person, who has served in His Majesty's other Forces or in the embodied Militia, to be the Quarter Master of any such Regiment or Battalion respectively; and it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City or Place, authorized by this Act to appoint the Colonel of such Regiment or Battalion, on the Recommendation of the Colonel thereof, to appoint such Quarter Master to serve with the Rank of Lieutenant or Ensign, although such Quarter Master may not have the Qualification required by this Act for Lieutenants or Ensigns respectively: Provided always, that such Quarter Master shall not be capable of holding an^ Commission or receiving any Pay in respect of any Commission in any Company in the Militia, during the Time of his being such Quarter Master as aforesaid.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Colonel or other Commandant of every Regiment or Battalion of Militia, when such Regiment or Battalion is not in actual Service, may appoint a Regimental or Battalion Clerk, who shall execute the Office of Paymaster.

" No Adjutant, &c. shall be appointed Captain of a Company, &c* u § 75. Oath of Half Pay Officers, serving as Subalterns, &<r i( § 76. \_As under, §§ 81, 82. of c90.]

LXXVIL. And be it further enacted, That Serjeants, Corporals find Drummers shall be appointed to the Militia by the Colonels

or

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 91.

533

or other Commandant of each Regiment or Battalion, in the following Proportions; (that is to say,) when not in actual Service there shall be One Serjeant and One Corporal to every Thirty private Men, and when the Militia shall be drawn out into actual Service, an Addition shall be made, so that there shall be One Serjeant and One Corporal to every Twenty private Men; and when not in actual Service, there shall be One Drummer to every Company, with an Addition of One Drummer for each Flank Company of Regiments or Battalions consisting of Five or more Companies as aforesaid; and when the Militia shall be drawn out into actual Service, there shall be an Addition of One Drummer to every Company, so drawn out; and the daily Pay of every such Serjeant, Corporal and Drummer respectively, when not in actual Service, shall be as follows; (that is to say,) of every Serjeant, One Shilling and Six Pence; of every Corporal, One Shilling and Two Pence; and of every Drummer, One Shilling; and such Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers shall be new clothed when not in actual Service, once in Two Years; and all Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, shall take the following Oath; (that is to say,)

‘ J A.B.do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful

and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty King, and

‘ that I will faithfully serve in the Militia within Great, for the Defence of the same, until I shall be legally discharged.'

[Another Oath, 51 G. 3. 118. §3.]

And the Colonel or other Commandant of every Regiment or Battalion may appoint a Serjeant Major, and the Colonel or other Commandant of every Regiment or Battalion may also appoint a Drum Major; and that all Serjeants, Corporal and Drummers, having received any pay as such from any Regiment or Battalion, shall be deemed to be engaged and compellable to serve in such Regiment or Battalion, until they shall be legally discharged; Provided always, that no Person who shall keep any House of publick Entertainment, or who shall sell any Ale or Wine, or any Brandy or other spirituous Liquors, by Retail, shall be capable of being appointed or of serving or receiving Pay as a Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer in the Militia: Provided always, that if it shall happen that in any Regiment or Battalion there shall be a Surplus of Fifteen private Men or upwards, after the Appointment of One Serjeant and One Corporal to every Thirty private Men, such Regiment, Battalion or Corps shall be entitled to have One additional Corporal, when not in actual Service, for such Surplus Number of Men.

LXXVIII. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, it was enacted, that it should be lawful for His Majesty to retain in actual Service,

‘ and to cause full Pay to be issued to the Adjutants, Serjeants

Major and the whole or such Proportion of the Serjeants and Drummers of each Regiment of the Militia then embodied as

His Majesty- should think fit, for a certain Time therein men-6 tioned Be it enacted, That the Serjeants Major, and Serjeants and Drummers to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall be taken in the first Instance from amongst the Serjeants Major, Serjeants and Drummers so retained as aforesaid, who, upon their

42 Geo. III. N n Appoint-

Officers and Drummers, and their Pay.

Their Oath.

Serjeant Majors and Drum Majors.

No Publican to serve as a Serjeant, &c.

Additional

Corporals.

Serjeants Major, Serjeants, &c, under this Act, shall be taken in the First Instance

534*

from those retained under 41 O. 3. (U.K-0 c. 67. §5.

Militia to be exercised 21 Days annually 5 and in such Proportions as the County LieutenatU, tvc. shall appoint.

Notices of the Times and Places of Exercise from General to Subtil-

c. 91. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Appointment to each Regiment or Battalion to which they shall belong, shall severally take the Oaths prescribed to be taken by such Serjeants and Drummers respectively.

" Colonels may discharge Serjeants, &c. and appoint others. § 79. u Extra Drummers may be kept as Fifers or Musicians. § 80. f< Serjeants, &c. of Chelsea Hospital may serve and receive Pay f< also in the Militia. Serjeants, &c. having served 20 Years in the Militia, may receive the Chelsea Pension. $ 81.

[See §§84, 85, 86. of c, 90.]

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Militia to be raised as aforesaid shall be called out once in every Year for the Purpose of being trained and exercised for the Space of Twenty one Days; and in every County, Stewartry, City or Place, in which it shall have been appointed, that the Whole of such Militia shall not be trained or exercised at the same Time, then the respective Parts thereof shall be trained and exercised successively until the whole of the Men serving for such County, Stewartry, City or Place, shall have been trained and exercised for the Space of Twenty one Days (a); and that for the Purpose aforesaid, the Men serving for such County, Stewartry, City or Place, shall be called out to be so trained and exercised in such Manner and in such Proportion, at such Time or Times, and Place or Places in such County or Stewartry, as shall be appointed, with the Approbation of His Majesty, by the Lieutenant o# Deputy Lieutenants at a General Meeting of the Lieutenancy to be holden as herein-before directed, or in Default of any such Meeting being holden, then by the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City or Place, composing of itself a Regiment or Battalion of Militia, or of the County, Stewartry, City or Place composing the greatest Number of each Regiment or Battalion, or by Three Deputy Lieutenants authorized by His Majesty to act as aforesaid: Provided always-, that it shall not be lawful to order less than One Company of Sixty Private Men at the least, with Officers and Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers in Proportion, to be trained and exercised together: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants of any County or Stewartry, composing of itself a Regiment or Battalion of Militia, or of the County, Stewartry or City composing the greatest Number of each Regiment or Battalion, at any General Meeting of - Lieutenancy, to alter the Places appointed for assembling the Men for Exercise, and from Time to Time to appoint other or additional Places as they shall find expedient, giving the like Notice thereof as is herein required to be given of the Places first to be appointed. (a) [28 Ikiy-s, 43 3. 19.]

" Regiments disembodied need not be trained for 12 Months. $. 83. u During Time of Exercise, the Mutiny Act, &c. shall be in force i(as to such Militia, except as to Life or Limb. How Courts " Martial shall be held then. § 84.

[ § 8S, 89. 90.]

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That Notice of the Times and Places of Exercise of the Militia Men to be raised by virtue of this Act shall be sent as follows; ( ,) where a County of

itself forms a Battalion, the Notice shall he sent by Order of the

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 91. 535

General Meetings of Lieutenancy of such County, by the Clerk vision Meet-of the General Meetings, to the Clerk of the several Subdivision Meetings in such County, and where Two or more Counties, ^eSj and from Stewartries, Cities or Places, compose a Battalion, the Notice shall the Constables be sent by Order of the General Meetings of Lieutenancy of the to the Men. County, Stewartry, City or Place, composing the greatest Number of such Regiment or Battalion, not only to the Clerk of the several Subdivision Meetings in such County, but also to the Clerk of the General Meetings of the other County, Stewartry, City or Place, or Counties, Stewartries, Cities or Places, composing such Battalion, who shall again send Notice to the Clerk of the several Subdivision Meetings in such County, Stewartry, City or Place, or Counties, Stewartries, Cities and Places respectively; and the said Deputy Lieutenants, at some Subdivision Meeting to be held for carrying this Act into Execution, after the Receipt of the said Notices, shall cause the Men serving for such Subdivision to be called out in such Order and Course as shall have been notified by the Clerk of the General Meetings as aforesaid; and for that Purpose shall issue Orders to the Chief Constables or other Officers of the several Counties, Stewartries, Cities and Places respectively, and to the Schoolmasters, Constables and other Officers, within their respective Parishes or other Divisions, which Schoolmasters,

---

[Notices on Church Doors.]

Constables and other Officers shall cause such Notice as aforesaid to be affixed on the Door of the Churches or Chapels belonging to their respective Parishes or Places, or (if any Place shall have no Church or Chapel belonging the reto) on the Door of the Church or Chapel of some Parish or Place thereunto adjoining, which Notice shall be deemed a sufficient Notice to every Person enrolled by virtue of this Act, notwithstanding any Omission in the Delivery of written Notices in Manner herein after directed;

[Notices to Men.]

and such Constables and other Officers are hereby required also to give Notice in Writing to the several Militia Men, who shall be called out to be trained and exercised at such Times and Places respectively, by serving them personalty, or by leaving the same at their usual Place of Abode, to attend at the Time and Place mentioned in such Order; and all such Militia Men shall duly attend at the Time and Place of Exercise, according to such Notices respectively.

---

<c Clerks of Subdivision Meetings shall send Lists of Men enrolled,

" and the Time and Place of Exercise, to the Commanding Officer,

" &c. § 86. When Pay of Men called out to Exercise shall commence. § 87.

[ As under §§ 91,92. of c. 90.]

LXXXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That Men coming every Man of the said Militia, coming from a considerable Distance, from a Dls" who shall appear at the Place or Places to be appointed for Exer- p"ace of Exercise, shall be entitled to an Allowance, after the Rate of One cise to receive Shilling per Diem for each Day necessarily spent in coming from certain Allow-the Parish or Place for which he shall serve to the Place or Places ances, on Cer-to be appointed for Exercise; and shall in like Manner be entitled hficate from to a similar Allowance of One Shilling per Diem for each Day Lieutenant? necessary to enable him to return to the Parish or Place for which whkh shall be he shall serve, after the Days appointed for Exercise are over, to repaid to Clerk be calculated at not less than Ten Miles per Day, with the usual ot Subdivision,

336

C. 91.

42® GEO. III.

A.D. 1802.

by Collector of Land Tax.

Relief of Militia Men falling sick on llie March.

Billeting Militia when called out to annual Exercise, &c.

Justices to aid i n providing

Carriages and

Number of halting Days, and where such Militia Man has Occasion to come and return by Sea, or to pass a Ferry or Ferries, he shall farther be allowed the Sum usually paid for such Passage by Sea, or at such Ferry or Ferries, in coming from and returning to the Parish or Place for which he shall serve; for which Purpose a Certificate shall be given to every such Militia Man of the Number of Days, and of the Amount of the Passage Money, for which such Allowance shall be made to him, under the Hands of Two or more of the Deputy Lieutenants of the Parish or Division to which such Militia belongs, which Certificate shall be produced by such Militia Man to the Clerk of the Subdivision Meetings in whose District the said Militia Man hath his Abode, who shall thereupon pay to such Militia Man the Allowance specified in such Certificate; and upon such Certificate being produced to the Collector of the Land Tax of the County, Stewartry, City or Place to which such Militia Man belongs, the said Collector shall reimburse the Clerk of the Subdivision Meeting who has paid the same, for the Amount of the Allowances specified in such Certificate, and all such Sums so paid by such Collector shall be allowed in his Accounts.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Militia Man shall, on his March to the Place where he shall be ordered to attend for the annual Exercise, be disabled by Sickness or otherwise, it shall be lawful for any One Justice of the Peace of the County, Stewartry, City or Place where such Man shall then be, by Warrant under his Hand, to order him such Relief as such Justice shall think reasonable; and upon such Warrant being produced to the Collector of the Land Tax of the County, Stewartry, City or Place within which such Militia Man shall then be, he shall pay all such Expences as shall be incurred pursuant to such Warrant, upon an Account thereof to be certified under the Hand of such Justice of the Peace, and all such Sums so paid by any such Collector shall be allowed in his Accounts.

XC. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Justices of the Peace and Magistrates of Cities, Towns and Places, and they and each of them are and is respectively hereby required, to quarter and billet the Officers, Non Commissioned Officers, Drummers and private Men serving in the Militia, at the Times when they shall be called out to annual Exercise, in the same Way and Manner as His Majesty's regular Forces are so furnished and provided in that Part of Great Britain called, upon Application made to any such Justices of the Peace or Magistrates by His Majesty's Lieutenant, or by the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Battalion of Militia so called out to Exercise as aforesaid, or of any Division or Detachment thereof; and when the Militia is not embodied nor called out to Exercise as aforesaid, all Justices of the Peace and Magistrates aforesaid may, and they and each of them are and is hereby respectively required, to order and provide convenient Quarters in such Manner as aforesaid, for the Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers of the Militia.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That when the Militia shall be called out to be trained and exercised, any Justice of the Peace of anjr County, Stewartry, City or Place, being thereunto required 9 by

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 91. 33

by an Order from the Lieutenant or from any Deputy Lieutenant Horses for con of such County, Stewartry, City or Place, or from the Colonel ^e3"inS or other Commanding Officer of an}' Regiment or Battalion, De- its March or tachment or Division of Militia, being within such County, Stew- such annu;li artry, City or Place, may and shall be aiding and assisting in the Exercise, providing of Carriages and Horses to convey the Arms, Clothes, Accoutrements, Ammunition and other Stores of such Militia, and shall do every Tiling necessary in that Behalf, in the same Manner as Justices of the Peace in Scotland do for the Purpose of providing Carriages and Horses to convey the Arms, Clothes, Accoutrements, Ammunition and other Stores of His Majesty's Forces upon their March.

" Stoppages for Linen, &c.—§ 92.

[As under of c. 90.]-XCIII. And be it further enacted, That the Colonel or other Colonel*. Commanding Officer of every Regiment or Battalion of Militia, as to make Re-often as his Regiment or Battalion shall be called out to exercise ^called out^to as before directed, and within Fourteen Days from the Time of County Lieute° assembling, shall, and he is hereby required to return to the Lieu- nant, &c. tenant of the County, Stewartry, City or Place to which the same belongs, or where Two or more Counties, Stewartries, Cities or Places are joined together to form a Regiment or Battalion, to the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City or Flace furnishing the greatest Number of Men to such Regiment or Battalion, a true State of such Regiment or Battalion, and a Duplicate thereof to the Clerk to the General Meetings, to be preserved among the Proceedings thereof; and where any such Regiment or Battalion shall be so ordered to be trained and exercised in Parts or Proportions successively in Manner directed by this Act, the Officer commanding every such Part or Proportion for the Time being shall, within Seven Days after the assembling of such Part or Proportion, makea Return of the State of the Militia exercised by him or under his Command, to the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Battalion to which the Militia so exercised shall belong, on Pain of forfeiting Twenty Pounds for every such Omission; and the Colonel or Commanding Officer receiving such Returns, shall, within Fourteen Days after all the Returns of Men belonging to his Regiment or Battalion, who shall have been so assembled, shall have been received by him, transmit a General Return to the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City or Place to which such Militia shall belong; or where Two or more Counties,

Cities or Places are joined together to form a Regiment or Battalion, to the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City or Place, furnishing the greatest Number of Men to such Regiment or Battalion, and a Duplicate thereof to the Clerk of the General Meetings, to be preserved among the Proceedings thereof; and in Neglect mo-case any Officer shall refuse or neglect, for Three Months after the Time herein appointed for making such Returns, so to do, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of I;ifty Pounds. Penalty 5oh " Captains shall make Returns of Classes (see Schedule F.) for the " Adjutant, &c. who shall therefrom make General Returns, and " transmit them to Clerks of General Meetings, and Extracts to " Clerks of the Subdivisions to correct their Enrolments. Clerk to General Meeting shall transmit Abstracts to Secretary of

C. 91. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

" State. (See Schedule G.) Penalty for neglecting to make Returns, 501.—§94. \_See § 98. of c. 90.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That every Militia Man (not labouring under any Infirmity incapacitating him) who shall not appear at the Time and Place appointed for his being exercised according to the Directions of this Act (Notice having been published and given as by this Act required), shall be deemed a Deserter, and if not taken until after the Time of any such Exercise, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds; and also every Militia Man, who having joined the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs, or any Company or Companies, or Detachment or Division thereof, shall desert or absent himself during the Time of any such Exercise, and shall not be taken until after the Time of such Exercise, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds; and if such Penalty shall not be immediately paid, the Justice of the Peace before whom any Militia Man shall be convicted of any such Offence shall commit such Militia Man to the House of Correction to hard Labour, or to the Common Gaol, or Six Months’ there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of Six Imprisonment. Months, or until he shall have paid the said Penalty, without any Mitigation whatsoever.

If Men absent XCVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Militia Man Tlm^Moinhs s^ia^ desert or absent himself from his Duty, and shall not return others shaHhe* ant^ voluntarily surrender himself to the Adjutant or other Officer, ballotted for. Commissioned or Non Commissioned, commanding at the City, Town or Place where the Arms of the Regiment or Battalion to which he shall belong shall be deposited, or shall not be taken within the Space of Three Months from the Time of his so deserting or absenting himself, then upon Certificate thereof from the Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Battalion to which he belonged, to the Deputy Lieutenants, at any of their Meetings for the Subdivision for which such Militia Man was enrolled, such Deputy Lieutenants, or any Two or more of them, are hereby required to hold, a Subdivision Meeting, and to proceed to ballot for another Person to serve and be returned to such Regiment or But such Men Battalion in the Room of such Militia Man; and in case such Mi-Sn,ng C°m* ^an shall at any Time thereafter return or be taken, he shall, pc cc to serve. n0£Withstanding any Person shall have been chosen in his Room, be compelled to serve in the same Manner, and for the same Term, (the said Term to recommence from the Day on which he shall have returned or have been taken,) as if no Person had been so chosen in his Room.

" Muskets shall be marked. Penalty on selling, pawning or losing " Arms, &c. 51. or Three Months’ Imprisonment. § 97.

[As under § 101. of c. 90.]

Buying Miliiin XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall

Anns, &. c. knowingly and wilfully buy, take in Exchange, conceal or otherwise receive any Militia Arms, Clothes or Accoutrements, or any such Articles belonging to any Militia Man as are generally deemed Regimental Necessaries, according to the Custom of the Army, being provided for the Militia Man, and paid for by Deductions out of his Pay, or any publick Stores or Ammunition whatever delivered for the Militia, upon any Account or Pretence.

whatsoever,

538

Men not appearing at Ex ercise, or absenting themselves.

Penalty 101.

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 91.

539

whatsoever, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act,

the Person so offending shall forfeit and pay, for every such

Offence, the Sum of Ten Pounds; and if such Offender shall not Penalty 101.,

immediately pay such Penalty, and shall not have sufficient Goods and Effects whereon to levy such Penalty, the Justice before

whom he or she shall be convicted shall commit him or her to the

Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprise for the

Space of Six Months, until lie or she shall have paid the said Fine, or Six Months*

or shall cause such Offender to be publickly or privately whipped, Impnsoment.

at the Discretion of such Justice.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That every Serjeant Major, Serjeants Ma-Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major and Drummer of the Militia, ’ n'

shall be at all Times subject to any Act which shall be in force gj^ect "oTlii-for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment tjny Act to a of the Army and their Quarters, and to the Articles of War, under certain Extent, the Command of the Colonel or other Commandant of the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs; and it shall be lawful for the Colonel or other Commandant of any Regiment or Battalion of Militia, to direct the holding of Courts Martial as herein after directed, for the Trial of any Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal,

Drum Major or Drummer of such Regiment or Battalion, by either a General or Regimental Court Martial, for any Offence against the said Act or Articles of War committed during the Time such Regiment or Battalion shall not be embodied, and for the Trial of any Serjeant, Corporal, Drummer or private Man of such Regiment or Battalion who shall have deserted while the said Regiment or Battalion was embodied, and shall not have been apprehended till after it shall have been disembodied, but so. that no Punishment shall extend to the Loss of Life or Limb.

C. And be it further enacted, That if a sufficient Number of How Courts Officers to form a Court Martial cannot be found, it shall be lawful Martial on such, for the Colonel or other Commandant, and in his Absence for the ^ll

Senior Field Officer of the Regiment or Battalion to which the 51

Person on whom such Court Martial is to be held shall belong, to order any Officers of such Regiment or Battalion actually resident within the Town where such Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal,

Drum Major or Drummer is to be tried, or within Ten Miles thereof, to attend and assist as Members of such Court Martial, who shall thereupon attend at the Time required, and assist accordingly; but no Officer shall be entitled to receive Pay for any such Attendance: Provided always, that no Sentence of any Court Martial held as aforesaid on any Serjeant Major, Serjeant,

Corporal, Drum Major or Drummer, or private Man as aforesaid, shall be put in Execution, until it shall have been confirmed by the Colonel or other Commandant, or by the Field Officer by whose Order such Court Martial was assembled.

Cl. And be it further enacted, That any Serjeant, Corporal or I-Iow Serjeants, Drummer of the Militia may, by Sentence of a Court Martial, be &c. may be rereduced to the Condition of a private Militia Man, to serve as to the

such during any Time not exceeding Fifteen Months, in case the ^anks’ Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs shall not be then embodied or called out into actual Service; and in case the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs shall be then embodied or called out into actual Service, to serve as aforesaid until the disembodj -

N n 4 ing

540

C. 91.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Keeping of Arms, &c. when the Militia is not embodied.

Method of proceeding on Information of the Residence of a Militia Man who shall not join at annual Exercise, or shall desert and not be apprehended.

ing of the said Regiment or Battalion; after which Time, or at the End of the said Fifteen Months, as the Case may be, if not regularly reappointed to the Rank of a Non Commissioned Officer or Drummer, he shall be discharged from the Service.

CII. And be it further enacted, That the Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing and other Stores belonging to every Regiment or Battalion of Militia when not embodied shall be kept in such convenient Place as the Colonel or other Commandant shall direct, with the Approbation of His Majesty, signified by one of his principal Secretaries of State.

" Serjeants, &c. shall reside where Arms are kept, and be under " the Command of the Adjutant, by whom monthly Returns shall be made to Secretary of State, County Lieutenant and Colonel, " Pay of Serjeants, &c.absent on Leave. If absent without, shall forfeit their Pay, &c. Adjutant shall not be absent without " Leave. Who shall command in his Absence. § 103.

[yis under § 107. of c. 90.]

CIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Militia Man shall not join the Regiment or Battalion, Detachment or Division to which he belongs, at the Time of annual Exercise, or shall desert during the Time of annual Exercise, and shall not be apprehended before the Expiration of the Time appointed for such Exercise, and if the Commanding Officer, or the Adjutant of such Regiment or Battalion, or the Commanding Officer of the Company, Detachment, or Division to which such Offender belongs, shall receive Information of the Place where he shall be or reside, any such Commanding Officer or Adjutant may, by Writing under his I-Iand, describe the Person of such Offender, and also certify that he did not join the Regiment or Battalion, Detachment or Division, at the Time of annual Exercise, or that he deserted during the Time of annual Exercise (as the Case may be), and send the same by a Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer of such Regiment or Battalion, to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment or Battalion, or to the Senior Serjeant when there is no Adjutant or Serjeant Major, of the Regiment or Battalion, or Detachment or Division thereof, of the County, Stewartry, City or Place wherein such Offender is supposed to be or reside; and the Adjutant, Serjeant Major or Senior Serjeant to whom such Certificate shall be sent, shall forthwith direct a Party of the Serjeants, Corporals or Drummers of the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs, to assist in the apprehending such Offender, and in conveying him before some Justice of the Peace of the County, Stewartry, City or Division wherein such Offender shall be apprehended; and if by his Confession, or the Testimony of any Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, or the Knowledge of such Justice, it shall appear or be found that such Person is guilty of such Offence, such Adjutant, Serjeant Major or Senior Serjeant as aforesaid, shall order a Party of the Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers under his Command, to convey such Offender to the Head Quarters of the Regiment or Battalion of Militia of the next County, Stewartry, City or Place, in the Way to the County, Stewartry, City or Place to which such Offender belongs, and deliver him into the Custody of the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of such Regiment or Battalion,

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 91. 541

or Senior Serjeant as aforesaid, who shall cause him to be conveyed in like Manner to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment or Battalion, or Senior Serjeant of the Regiment or Battalion of the next County, Stewartry, City or Place, and so in like Manner until such Offender shall be delivered into the Custody of the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment or Battalion, or Senior Serjeant as aforesaid of the Corps to which he belongs, who shall take him before a Justice of the Peace, to be dealt with as this Act directs in Cases of Militia Men deserting or absenting themselves from their Duty, when not embodied or called out into actual Service; and from the Time of his being so apprehended as aforesaid, until he is brought before such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, such Offender shall be subsisted at the Rate of Sixpence per Day, from the publick Monies in the Hands of the Collector of the Land Tax of the County, Stewartry, City^ or Place to which such Regiment or Battalion belongs, for which Subsistence such Justice is hereby required to make such Order upon such Collector, who shall be allowed the same in his Accounts; and if any Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer shall desert from the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs, it shall be lawful for any Constable or other Officer of the Town or Place where any Person who may be reasonably suspected to be such Deserter shall be found, to cause such Person to be apprehended and taken before any Justice of the Peace living in or near to such Town or Place, who is hereby empowered to examine such suspected Person; and if by his Confession or the Testimony of any Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, or by the Knowledge of such Justice, it shall appear or be found that such suspected Person is such Deserter, such Justice shall forthwith cause him to be con-vej^ed to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where he shall be found, or the House of Correction or other publick Prison in the Town or Place in or near to which such Deserter shall be apprehended, there to remain until he shall be demanded by some Person or Persons authorized to receive him as herein after directed, and shall transmit an Account thereof to the Clerk of the General Meetings of the County, Stewartry, City or Place to which such Deserter belongs; and the Keeper of such Gaol, House of Correction or Prison, shall receive the full Subsistence of such Deserter, at the Rate above specified, for his Maintenance during the Time he shall continue in his Custody, but shall not be entitled to any Fee or Reward on account of his Imprisonment; and such Clerk of the General Meetings receiving such Account shall immediately transmit a Copy thereof to the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Battalion of his County, Stewartry, City or Place, and also to the Adjutant or other Officer commanding the Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers of such Regiments or Battalions; and the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment or Battalion to which such Deserter shall be found to belong, or the Adjutant or Officer commanding the Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers of such Regiment or Battalion, shall, and he is hereby required, immediately on receiving such Copy as aforesaid, to send any Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, or any Party of the Serjeants, Corporals or Drummers of his Regiment or Battalion,

to

Method of proceeding where Persons are found suspected to be deserting. Noil Commissioned Offi -cers, &c.

542

C. 91.

42° GEO. III.

Gaolers to receive and confine Deserters.

Penalty 20s. Serjeants, &c. conveying Deserters, or on any March, to be billeted.

Reward for apprehending Deserters, 20s.

A.D.

1802.

to the Place where such Deserter shall be so confined, and shall also send by such Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer, or the Serjeant commanding such Party of Serjeants, Corporals or Drummers, an Order under his Hand to the Keeper of the said Gaol, House of Correction or Prison, requiring him to deliver such Deserter to the Person or Persons therein named, which he is hereby required to do; and the Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer to whom such Deserter shall be so ordered to be delivered, in case one only shall be sent on such Duty, shall apply to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment or Battalion, or to the Senior Serjeant of the Corps of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place where such Deserter shall be so confined as aforesaid, and such Adjutant, Serjeant Major or Serjeant, shall order a sufficient Party of the Serjeants, Corporals or Drummers under his Command to assist in conveying such Deserter, and he shall be conveyed to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment or Battalion, or Senior Serjeant of the Corps to which he belongs, in the same Manner as before directed with respect to the conveying of private Militia Men to the Adjutant or Serjeant Major of the Regiment or Battalion, or Senior Serjeant of the Corps to which they belong; and such Adjutant or Serjeant Major, or Serjeant, shall take such Deserter before a Justice of the Peace of the County, Stewartry, City or Place to which he belongs, who shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the Common Gaol, House of Correction or other publick Prison of such County, Stewartry, City or Place, where he shall remain without Bail or Mainprize, until a Court Martial can and shall be summoned and held for the Trial of such Deserters, according to the Provisions of this Act, when he shall be delivered to the Person or Persons named in any Order to be issued for that Purpose under the Hand of the Officer by whose Authority such Court Martial shall be summoned, requiring the Delivery of such Deserter; and all Gaolers and Keepers of Prisons shall (if required so to do by any Serjeant or Corporal, or Drummer employed in conveying any such Militia Man, or Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer so offending to the Regiment or Battalion to which he belongs,) receive into their Custod)^, and confine such Offender for such Time as they shall be respectively so required as aforesaid, not exceeding Twent}' four Hours, and every such Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison who shall refuse so to do, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings; and all such Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, while they are employed in executing such Duty as aforesaid, and all other Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers of the Militia, while on any March, or employed on any Duty upon which they may be commanded by any legal Authority, shall be billeted in like Manner as Serjeants, Corporals or Drummers belonging to His Majesty's other Forces employed in apprehending and conveying Deserters are to be billeted.

CV. And be it further enacted, That the Justice of the Peace before whom any Deserter shall be convicted shall and may issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Regiment or Battalion to which such Deserter shall belong, or (where there is no Clerk) to the Commanding Officer, requiring such Clerk, or such Commanding Officer, to pay out of such Regiment or Battalion the Sum of Twenty

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 91.

543

Shillings to the Person who shall have apprehended such Deserter; and such Clerk or Commanding Officer is hereby authorized and required to pay the same accordingly on Demand.

" Penalty on concealing Deserters, 5l. — § 106. In Cases of actual " Invasion, Rebellion, &c., His Majesty may order the Militia to " be embodied and put under the Command of General Officers,

" &c., and led by their respective Officers into any Part of Great Britain: While so embodied they shall be subject to the Mutiny " Act and Articles of War. § 107. But shall not be ordered out " of Great Britain. § 108. In such Case Parliament (if not sitting)

" shall be called together in Fourteen Days. § 109. County Lieutenants,&c. shall issue Orders to Constables,who shall give Notice to " Men to attend. § 110. Militia Officers shall not sit on any but " Militia Courts Martial, &c. — § 111. Militia Men not appearing,

" &c. shall be deemed Deserters: Penalty on harbouring them " 1001.— § 112. Militia so embodied shall be entitled to Pay as " Infantry, and Men wounded, &c. entitled to Chelsea Hospital,

" § 113. (a,) Pay of Officers and Men not joining on Day appointed " shall commence only from Day of joining, except in case of " Illness, &c. — § 114.

[See §§ 110—1 IS. 90.]

(a) [Pay of Militia not to increase although Pay of Regulars be increased, 46 G.3. c. 140.

CXV. And be it further enacted, That the Pay of every Person Commence-enrolled to serve in the Militia of any County, Stewartry, City or ment of Bay of Place, after such Militia shall have been embodied and called out js

into actual Service, shall commence upon the Day on which such embodied. Person shall join the Regiment or Battalion to which he shall belong, and not before: Provided always, that it shall be lawful Allowance to for the Deputy Lieutenants or Justices of the Peace by whom any ?n.able tbom to such Person shall have been so enrolled, to order and direct an Join’ Allowance to be made to such Person for the Purpose of enabling him to proceed and join the Regiment or Battalion to which he may belong, not exceeding the Rate of the Pay of so many Days as would enable him to march from the Place where he was enrolled to the Place where the said Regiment or Battalion may be stationed, to be calculated at the Rate of not less than Ten Miles per Day, with the usual Number of halting Days, together Avith such Sum or Sums as must necessarily be paid by such Person for his Passage by Sea, or over any Ferry or Ferries; and the said Allowance of Pay and Passage Money shall be advanced to such Person at the Time of his Enrolment by the Clerk of the Subdivision Meeting, under the Order of the Deputy Lieutenants or Justices aforesaid, or One of them, and shall be repaid to the said Subdivision Clerk by the Collector of the Land Tax of the County, Stewartry, City or Place, on the Production of a Certificate to that Effect, signed by the said Deputy Lieutenants or Justices, or any Two or more of them; and the said Collector shall be allowed for the same in his Accounts accordingly.

" Appointment of Agents by the Colonel. § 116.

[As under § 120. of c. 90.]

CXVII. And be it further enacted, That when the Militia of Collector of any County, Stewartry, City or Place, shall be ordered out into Land Tax to

actual iniy to CaPtttins

544

One Guinea per Man, to be laid out fur Necessaries.

Captain shall account with Men for the same.

Clerk of General Meetings to transmit to Subdivision Clerks Extracts of Returns, under preceding Section.

Deputy Lieutenants may enrol Men willing to continue to serve as Volunteers; same Number ballotted for, who may appoint Volunteers their Substitutes, &c.

C. 91. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

actual Service, the Collector of the Land Tax for such County, Stewartry, City or Place, shall and is hereby required forthwith to pay to the Captain or other Commanding Officer of every Company of Militia so ordered out, the Sum of One Guinea for the Use of every private Militia Man belonging to his Company; and the said Collector shall also pay to every Captain or other Commanding Officer of a Company as aforesaid the Sum of One Guinea for every Recruit, as early as may be after such Recruit shall have joined his Company, while out in actual Service as aforesaid (all which Money so paid by the said Collector shall be allowed him in his Accounts); and the Money so received by any Captain or other Commanding Officer, or so much thereof as such Captain or other Commanding Officer shall think proper, shall be laid out in the Manner he shall think most advantageous for the respective Militia Men; and such Captain or Commanding Officer shall, on or before the Twenty fourth Day of the Month next ensuing that in which he shall have received such One Guinea as aforesaid, account, to such Militia Man how the said Sum of One Guinea hath been applied and disposed of, and shall at the Time of settling such Account pay the Remainder of the Money (if any) to the said Militia Man.

" Provision for reenlisting Men whose Time is within Four Months " of expiring, and who are willing to continue on Bounty: When " a Regiment is out of its County, a List of Men whose Time of uService is within Four Months of expiring, and who shall be u willing to serve on Bounty, shall be periodically transmitted by " Commanding Officers to Clerks of General Meetings. § 118.

[yL under § 123. of c. 90.]

CXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the General Meetings of every County, Stewartry, City or Place aforesaid, shall, as soon after the Receipt of such Notices as the same can be done, transmit to the respective Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings, for the Use of the Deputy Lieutenants acting in such Subdivisions, correct Extracts of such Returns, specifying in every such Extract the Men that shall have been enrolled for the Subdivision to which the Clerk to whom any such Extract is sent shall belong; and thereupon it shall be lawful for such Deputy Lieutenants, if they shall think fit, to cause the xMen willing to continue to serve as aforesaid to be enrolled as Volunteers for the particular and respective Parishes or Places for which they shall have been originally enrolled to serve, and thereupon as many Men shall be ballotted for in such Parishes or Places as may be necessary to serve in the Room of such Militia Men so enrolled as Volunteers; and the Person or Persons ballotted to serve in the Room of such Militia Men so enrolled as Volunteers, may, in the Order in which they have been ballotted, appoint such Person or Persons (in the Order in which their Names appear in the Extracts of Returns transmitted to the Deputy Lieutenants) his or their Substitute or Substitutes; and upon such Person or Persons so ballotted for transmitting to the Paymaster of the Regiment, in which such Men shall be then serving, the Bounty to be given to such Men whom they severally appoint their Substitutes in the Order before specified, such Person or Persons so ballotted for

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 91. 545

shall be in the same Situation as other Persons who have found Substitutes in the Manner directed by this Act, and the Paymaster shall forthwith pay or account to the said Men respectively so appointed Substitutes for the Bounties received by him; and such of the Men as shall not be appointed Substitutes shall be discharged at the Expiration of the Period of Service.

CXX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Term of Whenever Service of any Person who shall have been chosen by Lot, and enrolled to serve in the Militia, shall be prolonged in the Manner ngeTbeyoud herein directed beyond the Term of Five Years, then and in such Five Years, Case the Collector of the Land Tax for the County, Stewartry, One Guinea City or Place to which the Person so chosen by Lot and enrolled per Man paid^ shall belong, shall, and he is hereby required, forthwith to pay to j^TaxTo0* the Captain or other Commanding Officer of each Company re- ^apta;n for spectively, the Sum of One Guinea for every Person whose Time Necessaries, of Service shall be so prolonged, and shall in like Manner, so often as the Term of Service of any Person so chosen by Lot and enrolled to serve in the Militia shall be prolonged as aforesaid, pay the like further Sum of One Guinea (all which Money so paid by the Collector shall be allowed him in his Account); and the Money so received by any Captain or Commanding Officer, or so much thereof as such Captain or Commanding Officer shall think proper, shall be laid out in the Manner he shall think most advantageous for each respective Person so chosen by Lot and enrolled, and whose Time of Service shall be prolonged as aforesaid; and Captain shall such Captain or Commanding Officer shall, on or before the account for Twenty fourth Day of the Month next ensuing that in which he same to en shall have received any such One Guinea, account to such Person how the said Sum or Sums have been applied and disposed of, and shall, at the Time of settling such Account as aforesaid, pay over to him the Remainder of the said Money, if any, which shall not have been so applied and disposed of.

CXXI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Term of and for Substi-Service of any Substitute, hired Man or Volunteer serving in the tutes or Volun-Militia, shall, by reason of the Militia being embodied, continue teers> beyond the Term of Five Years, then and in such Case the Collector of the Land Tax for the County, Stewartry, City or Place to which such Substitute, hired Man or Volunteer shall belong, shall and he is hereby required forthwith to pay to the Captain or other Commanding Officer of each Company respectively the Sum of One Guinea for every Substitute, hired Man or Volunteer whose Term of Service shall so continue; and in case such Term shall so and a like continue for more than Three Years beyond the said Term of Five Bounty at die Years, then at the Expiration of the said Three Years the said Sind Collector shall pay the like further Sum of One Guinea for every their further ° Substitute, hired Man or Volunteer whose Term shall so further prolonged Ser-continue; and in like Manner, at the Expiration of every addi- vice, tional Term of Three Years, pay the like further Sum of One Guinea (all which Money so paid by the Collector shall be allowed him in his Account); and the Money so received by any Captain or Commanding Officer, or so much thereof as such Captain or Commanding Officer shall think proper, shall be laid out in the Manner he shall think most advantageous for each respective Substitute, hired Man or Volunteer; and such Captain or Commanding

546

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Lieutenants to -issue Orders to Chief Constables, &c. for assembling the Men within their respective Subdivisions;

whereupon Shoolmasters, &c. to give Notices for Men to attend.

C. 91.

ing Officer shall, on or before the Twenty fourth Day of the Month next ensuing that in which he shall have received such Money as aforesaid, account to such Substitute, hired Man or Volunteer, how the said Sum or Sums have been applied and disposed of; and shall at the Time of settling such Account as aforesaid pay over to such Substitute, hired Man or Volunteer, the Remainder of the said Money (if an)') which shall not have been so applied, disposed of and accounted for.

u Substitutes or Volunteers not joining, or any of them, or any " Serjeant, &c. deserting, &c. may be adjudged to further Service " in the Militia, or to Service in the other Forces. How such " Men shall be enlisted, <Src. in the Regulars. § 122. When the whole Number of Militia is ordered to be embodied, if any shall i( afterwards desert, &c. and be absent Three Months, Vacancies " shall be filled up by Ballot. §123. On embodying Militia or <i any Proportion thereof, County Lieutenants, &c. shall order

Subdivision Clerks to make out Lists of Persons enrolled in " Classes ( see§49.), with a Duplicate for the Deputy Lieutenants,

" and another to be transmitted to the General Meetings. § 124.

[See §§ 127—129. of c. 90.]

CXXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, to whom His Majesty's Order shall be directed, shall at the Time of issuing his or their Order herein-before mentioned, also issue his or their Order for assembling all the Men of the said Militia within their respective Subdivisions, or at such Place or Places within their respective Counties, Stewartries, Cities or Places, and in such Proportions as to the said Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid shall appear most expedient, on the Day or Days to be specified in such his or their Order to the Chief Constables or other Officers of such County, Stewartry, City or Place* and to the Schoolmasters, Constables or other Officers of the several Parishes and Places within the said County, Stewartry, City or Place respectively; and such Schoolmasters, Constables or other Officers, are hereby required, upon Receipt thereof, forthwith to cause Notice in Writing to be given to the several Men of the said Militia, or left at their usual Places of Abode, within their respective Parishes or Places, to attend within their respective Subdivisions or Districts at the Time and Place mentioned in such Order; and shall also cause a like Notice thereof to be affixed on the Doors of the Churches or Chapels belonging to their respective Parishes or Places, or (if any Place shall have no Church or Chapel belonging the reto) on the Door of the Church or Chapel of some Parish or Place thereunto adjoining, which Notice shall be deemed a sufficient Notice to every Person enrolled by virtue of this Act, notwithstanding any Omission in the Delivery of written Notices in Manner herein directed; and all such Militia Men shall duly attend at the Time and Place appointed in such Notices respectively.

"Men not appearing, &c. shall be deemed Deserters, and forfeit " 101. and be liable to be embodied. ^126. County Lieutenant, &c. " shall appoint the First Subdivision Meeting for ballotting, &c. of i( which Deputy Lieutenants shall give Notice, and shall ballot

" for

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 91.

547

" for the Men accordingly; a List of whom shall be returned to

the County Lieutenant, &c.— § 127* Deputy Lieutenants may " correct Classes. § 128. When only Part of the Militia shall be " embodied, Deputy Lieutenants shall choose or ballot Men <c according to their respective Classes, beginning with the First.

" § 129. Where Persons enrolled in any Subdivision shall be " absent, &c. for Three Months, Vacancy shall be filled up out of <l such Subdivision. § 130. Certain Persons enrolled, if not " balloted) may volunteer to serve. § 131. under §§ 131—136» of c. 90.

CXXXII. And be it further enacted, That every Man of the Allowance to said Militia who shall appear and attend at the Ballot to be taken Men attending as herein-before directed, and who shall not be chosen or ballotted as aforesaid, shall be entitled to an Allowance, after the Rate of cing 10b One Shilling per Diem, during the Time he shall be necessarily employed from Home, in going to and continuing at and returning from the Place to be appointed for such Ballot, not to exceed Three Days, to be paid by the Clerk of the Subdivision or other Meeting in which such Men shall be enrolled; and on the Certificate of the Number of Men so paid, under the Hands of such Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace respectively, or where no Deputy Lieutenant shall there attend, then of any Two or more such Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, the Collector of the Land Tax for such County, Stewartry, City or Place, shall reimburse to the said Clerk the Sums so paid out of any Monies in his Hands of any Aid granted by Parliament by Way of Land Tax.

CXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Subdivision Clerks of the Subdivision or other Meetings shall be and they are Clerks may hereby authorized and empowered to draw on the Collector of the <*raw 011 fCy Land Tax for the County, Stewartry, City or Place, for such Sum

or Sums of Money as such Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of Amount of the Peace respectively, or where only One Deputy Lieutenant such Allow-shall attend, as such Deputy Lieutenant, or where no Deputy ances. Lieutenant shall attend, then as any Two or more Justices of the Peace shall, by any Order under their or his respective Hands or Hand direct and appoint, which Sum or Sums of Money shall be applied by such respective Clerks for paying the Allowances herein-before directed to be made; and the Receipt of any such Clerk, together with such Order, shall be to the said Collector of the Land Tax a sufficient Discharge for the Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money, and be allowed in his Account.

CXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of each Such Clerks Subdivision or other Meeting shall, when required by such Deputy to account. Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace, or where no Deputy Lieutenant shall attend, then by any Two or more Justices of the Peace, make out an Account, of the respective Sums of Money by him received and paid in pursuance of this Act, to be by them examined, allowed' and signed; and the Account so examined, allowed and signed, shall be and is hereby directed to be the proper Voucher and Acquittal of such Clerk for the Application and Disposal of such Money.

" His Majesty may embody Remainder of Militia. § 135. When " like Proceedings shall be had as before. § 136. Such Part of

(< Militia

!. 91.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

548

In Case of Invasion or Rebellion, His Majesty may by Proclamation increase Militia, not exceeding Half the Number required by this Act, and the County Lieutenants and Deputies shall apportion the Number, and proceed to raise and enrol the Men, at such Time as shall be specified in the Proclamation.

Supplementary Militia Men to make Part of Regiment, and additional Officers, &c. to

c

« Militia as is not embodied may be drawn out to be exercised, " § 137. Regulations for Attendance of Officers, &c. on embodyifig Militia. § 138. His Majesty may from Time to Time " disembody Militia, and reembody them. § 139. Militia, when " disembodied, shall be subject to such Orders only as before being " drawn out. § 140.

[As under§§ 140—145. 90.]

CXLI. And Whereas it may be expedient, that in all Cases i of actual Invasion or of imminent Danger of Invasion, and in case of Rebellion, His Majesty should be empowered to increase,

without Delay, the Number of Militia Forces, for the more

effectual Protection and Defence of this Realm;’ Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty (the Occasion being first communicated to Parliament, if Parliament shall be then sitting, or declared in Council, and notified by Proclamation, if no Parliament shall be then sitting or in being,) to order and direct, by His Royal Proclamation, that in Addition to the Number of Men required by or under the foregoing Provisions of this Act to be raised by the several Counties, Stewartries, Cities and Places herein mentioned, there shall be forthwith raised and enrolled in the said several Counties, Stewartries, Cities and Places, any Number of Men not exceeding the Proportion of One Half of the whole Number of Men before required by or under this Act to be raised by each County, Stewartry, City and Place; and the Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants respectively of the said Counties, Stewartries, Cities and Places, shall immediately on the issuing of any such Proclamation assemble and forthwith proceed to apportion the Number of Men required to be raised in their respective Counties, Stewartries, Cities and Places, among the several Parishes or Places therein respectively, and shall thereafter proceed to raise and enrol such Men at such Time or Times as shall be specified for that Purpose in such Proclamation; and all the Powders, Provisions, Regulations, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Bounties, Allowances, Clauses, Matters and Things in this Act contained relative to the Militia, shall be applied, practised, enforced and put in Execution, for the raising, training and exercising, and for the embodying and calling out into actual Service the Supplementary Militia, so ordered and directed to be raised and enrolled, in as full and ample a Manner in every Respect, as far as the same can be applied and put in Force, as if the said Number of Men so added to the Militia had been included in the Number of Men required and directed to be raised by virtue of this Act.

" In such Case Parliament shall be called together. §142. His Majesty, by Proclamation, may reduce and disembody such " Supplementary Militia, but the Privates shall remain liable to " serve for the Periods for which enrolled, and shall supply

Vacancies only for the Places where originally enrolled. § 143.

[As under §§ 147, 148. of c. 90.]

CXLIV. And be it further enacted, That where the Militia shall be increased in Manner above directed, the Men raised and enrolled for such Supplementary Militia shall be added to and make Part of the Regiment or Battalion of the County, forming of itself One Regiment or Battalion, or of the Regiment or Battalion composed

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 91.

posed of the Counties, Stewartries, Cities or Places for which they shall be so raised and enrolled; and the additional Number of Captains, Lieutenants and Ensigns, Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers necessary for such Supplementary Militia, shall be appointed in the Manner above directed in the Case of the Regiment or Battalion of Militia to which such Supplementary Militia shall be added.

CXLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Regiment shall be composed of more than Twelve Companies; and that no Regiment consisting of less than One thousand private Men shall be formed into more than Ten Companies.

CXLVI. And be it further enacted, That in every Regiment or Battalion which shall be increased by such Supplementary Militia to the Number of Eight hundred private Men or upwards, One Major shall be added to every such Regiment or Battalion, so that to every Regiment or Battalion so increased to not less than Eight hundred private Men, there may be One Colonel, One Lieutenant Colonel and Two Majors.

CXLVII. And be it further enacted, That where Two or more Counties, Stewartries, Cities or Places are joined together to form a Battalion, such additional Major of every such Regiment or Battalion increased to Eight hundred private Men or upwards shall be appointed by the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City or Place furnishing the greatest Number of private Men; and where One County, Stewartry, City or Place of itself forms One Battalion, then such additional Major shall be appointed by the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City or Place forming such Battalion.

CXLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where an}' County, Stewartry, City or Place does not furnish Men sufficient to form a Company, the Lieutenant of such County, Stewartry, City or Place, shall not appoint any such additional Field Officers.

CXLIX. And Whereas it may happen through Neglect or otherwise, that in some County, Stewartry, City or Place, the

Militia may not be raised according to the Directions of this Act; and it is just and reasonable that all His Majesty's Subjects should contribute equally towards the Expence of raising and supporting a Militia for the Defence of the Realm Be it therefore further enacted, That the Lieutenant or any Three Deputy Lieutenants of every County, Stewartry, City^ and Place where the Militia shall be raised according to the Directions of this Act, shall, on or before the Twenty fifth Day of December in every Year, transmit a Certificate to the Clerk of the Commissioners of Supply of such County, Stewartry, City or Place, containing an Account of the Names, Number and Rank of the Officers, and the Number of Non Commissioned Officers, Drummers and private Men of the Militia of that Year and the Time during which such Militia hath been trained and exercised; and every such Clerk of Supply shall deliver such Certificate to the Commissioners of Supply at their General Meeeting, to be held in the Month of

April in every Year and the same shall be kept amongst the Records of such Meeting; but where no such Certificate shall be received by the Clerk of Supply as aforesaid, he shall certify the 42 Geo. III. O o same

549

be appointed as for the Regiment.

Number of Companies in each Regiment.

Additional Major to increased Regiments.

By whom such additional Major appointed.

Exception.

County Lieutenants, &c. annually to transmit certified Returns of Militia to Clerk of Commissioners of Supply to be kept among Records;

Or Clerk of Commis-

550

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

sioners of Supply shall certify the Default.

Where Quota of County, &c. not raised, 101. paid annually for each Man deficient, for which Commissioners of Supply to make Assessment.

Such Assessments to be made on each Parish proportionally.

When Deficiency arise in any particular Places, Assess-

C. 91.

same under his Hand to the Commissioners so assembled, and such Certificate of the said Clerk of Supply shall be kept amongst the Records of such Meeting.

[See § 163.

CL. And be it further enacted, That in every County, Stewar-try, City or Place in which the full Number of Men required by or in pursuance of any of the Provisions of this Act, as the Quota of such County, Stewartry, City or Place, shall not be raised and completed within Six Months after the passing of this Act, or after the same shall have been fixed and established by any subsequent Order of His Majesty in Council as herein-before directed, then and in every such Case the Sum of Ten Pounds shall be annually paid for and in lieu of every private Militia Man less than the Quota of such County, Stewartry, City or Place, who shall not have been raised within the Time limited by this Act («); and the Commissioners of Supply of every such County, Stewartry, City and Place, assembled at the First General Meeting held in the Month of April in each Year next after the Expiration of the said Six Months, shall, upon the Receipt of the Certificate of the Lieutenant, or Three Deputy Lieutenants, which Certificate he and they is and are hereby required to transmit to the Clerk of the Commissioners of Supply for such County, Stewartry, City or Place, in order to be laid before the said Commissioners of Supply, assess the said Sum of Ten Pounds per Man as aforesaid upon every such County, Stewartry, City or Place, according to the valued Rent thereof, and in case at any future Time the Number of Men required to be provided for the Militia of any County, Stewartry, City or Place, according to the several Provisions of this Act, shall not be provided within Three Calendar Months after the Lieutenant, or any One of the Three Deputy Lieutenants shall have had Notice from or by the Order of the Commanding Officer of any Regiment or Battalion of such Militia of any such Deficiency, then and in every such Case the Commissioners of Supply aforesaid, assembled at the First Meeting to be holden for the County, Stewartry, City or Place, after such Deficiency shall have been made known to them by the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, shall rate and assess upon the valued Rent as aforesaid the like Sum of Ten Pounds for every Man so deficient as aforesaid, in every County, Stewartry, City or Place.

(a) [As to compelling Payment see § 164. posti]

CLI. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Supply aforesaid, in making any such Rate and Assessment upon the Whole of any County, Stewartry, City or Place, shall apportion the Sums so to be assessed as aforesaid, and rate and assess the same upon the Valued Rent of the several Parishes and Places in such County, Stewartry, City or Place, in the same Proportions in which the Men for the Militia are required to be raised by such Parishes and Places respectively, according to such Apportionment as may have been made thereof in pursuance of this Act, or to the last Apportionment that shall have been made of Men to be raised by each Parish and Place.

CLII. And be it further enacted, That when in any County, Stewartry, City or Place, such Deficiency of Men shall arise from the Default of any particular Parish or Place, or Parishes or Places in such County, Stewartry, City or Place, in not raising the Proportion

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 91.

tion or respective Proportions of Men required to be raised by any such Parish or Place, or Parishes or Places, then and in such Cases the said Commissioners of Supply, in making such Rate or Assessment as aforesaid, shall rate and assess all and every such Sum and Sums of Money upon the Valued Rent of such Parish or Place, Parishes or Places, that shall have so made Default as aforesaid, in Proportion to the Number of Men by which each of such Parishes or Places shall fall short of the Number of Men required to be raised therein.

CLIII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Supply assembled at such Meeting as aforesaid, failing or neglecting to make such Rate or Assessment in the Manner by this Act directed, shall be personally liable in a Penalty equal to the Sum foffwhich such Rate or Assessment ought to be so made, to be recovered by a summary Complaint to be made to the Sheriff' or Stewart Depute, at the Instance of the Lieutenant or any Two Deputy Lieutenants of the County or Stewartry in which such Rate or Assessment ought to be so made, where such County or Stewartry of itself forms a Regiment or Battalion, and where Two or more Counties, Stewartries, Cities or Places, are joined together to form a Regiment or Battalion, then at the Instance of the Lieutenant or any Two Deputy Lieutenants of any of the Counties, Stewartries, Cities or Places, composing such Regiment or Battalion; and the Sums so recovered shall be paid and applied in the same Manner as such Rate or Assessment, if made and levied, would have been paid and applied.

CLIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases -where there is not sufficient Evidence of the valued Rent of Lands in any County or Stewartry, the Assessments and Apportionments thereof hereby directed shall be made according to the customary Payment of the Land Tax.

CLV. And be it further enacted, That in the Case of Cities, Royal Burghs and Towns liable to pay such Assessment, or an Apportionment thereof as aforesaid, the Magistrates thereof shall, and they are hereby authorized to levy from the Heritors, Burgesses and Inhabitants of such Cities, Burghs and Towns, their Proportion of such Assessment or Apportionment thereof, in such Manner and in the same Proportions as the Cess Stent and other publick Burthens and Contributions are in use by Law to be assessed and levied in such Cities, Burghs and Towns respectively.

CLVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Magistrates of any City, Burgh or Town, shall neglect or refuse to stent and assess the Heritors, Burgesses and Inhabitants thereof for such Assessment, or their Apportionment thereof, then the Magistrates of such City, Burgh or Town so neglecting or refusing, shall be personally liable in a Penalty equal to the said Assessment or their Apportionment thereof, to be recovered by summary Complaint to the Sheriff or Stewart Depute of the County or Stewartry in which such Cit}q Burgh or Town is situated, at the Instance of the Collector of the Land Tax of the Comity or Stewartry entitled to Relief by such Assessment or Apportionment thereof; and the Sums so recovered shall be paid and applied in the same Manner as such Assessment or the Apportionment thereof, if made, would have been paid and applied.

SSI

merit to be made thereon.

Commissioners of Supply failing to make Assessments, personally liable for Amount. How recovered.

When Assessments made from Land Tax.

In Cities, &c. Assessments to be levied as the Cess Stent.

Magistrates neglecting to make such Assessments in Cities, &c. personally liable, on Complaint of Land Tax Collector.

552

C. 91.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Rating of Parishes partly Landward and partly within Burgh.

Commissioners of Supply to transmit Amount of Sums assessed to Collector of Land Tax, who is to levy.

Collectors to retain such Money in their Hands Three Months, and pay thereout Bounties to Volunteers raised by Deputy Lieutenants, and Balance to Receiver General of Scotland.

CLVrr. And be it further enacted, That where Parishes are partly Landward and paitly within Burgh, the Landward Part of the Parish shall be considered as Part of the County or Stewartry liable for the above mentioned Rate or Assessment, or its Apportionment thereof, and the Part within Burgh shall be included in the Assessment for the Burgh.

CLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of Supply of the several Counties, Stewartries, Cities and Places where any such Rate and Assessment shall be made as aforesaid, shall immediately after the making of any such Rate and Assessment as aforesaid transmit or cause to be transmitted the several Amounts of the Sums so assessed upon the several Parishes and Places to the Collector of the Land Tax of such County, Stewartry, Citjr or Place; and such Collector shall as soon as conveniently may be, cause Notice thereof to be given to the respective Persons in the several Parishes and Places upon which any such Rate or Assessment shall have been made as aforesaid; and such Collector shall forthwith levy and collect the same in such Manner as he levies and collects the Cess or Land Tax.

CL1X. And be it further enacted, That the Collector or Collectors levying and collecting any such Sum or Sums of Money, shall retain such Sum or Sums of Money in his or their Hands for Three Calendar Months after the Receipt thereof; and during the said Period of Three Months it shall be lawful for any Deputy Lieutenant of the Subdivision of the said County, Stewartry, City or Place within which such Parish or Place shall be situate, to raise any Volunteer or Volunteers for such Militia, in lieu of such Man or Men as shall be so deficient as aforesaid, and to agree with every such Volunteer for a Bounty not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds; and the Deputy Lieutenants before whom any such Volunteer shall be duly examined, approved, sworn and enrolled to serve in the Militia, shall make Order upon such Collector or Collectors for the Payment of such Bounty; and upon the Production to such Collector or Collectors of a Certificate, under the Hands of such Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, of any such Volunteer having been duly examined, approved, sworn and enrolled to serve in the Militia, and of such Order for the Payment of such Bounty as aforesaid, and of a Certificate under the Hands of the Commanding Officer of any Regiment or Battalion of Militia of such County, Stewartry, City or Place, of such Man having joined his Regiment or Battalion, such Collector or Collectors shall, and he and they is and are hereby respectively required to pay out of such Money in his or their Hands as aforesaid, any Sum of Money, not exceeding the said Sum of Ten Pounds, for each of such Volunteers as aforesaid; and such Collector or Collectors shall, at the Expiration of Three Months after the Receipt of such Money as aforesaid, pay all Sums of Money as may have come into his or their Hands for and on account of any such Fines as aforesaid, and as shall not have been paid for and on account of any such Volunteer as aforesaid in Manner herein directed, to the Receiver General of

in the same Manner as such Collector or Collectors pay the Cess or Land Tax levied by them to such Receiver General, who shall keep an Account thereof as herein after directed.

9

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 91. 553

CLX. And Whereas there are some Towns and Places which lie in Two Counties or Stewartries, and Doubts may arise whether such Towns and Places are obliged to pay to both Counties or Stewartries towards raising the said Money Be it therefore further enacted, That where any Town or Place lies in Two Counties or Where a Town Stewartries, or Part thereof in a County and Part in a Stewartry, lies in Two the Proportion of the said Money to be paid for such Town or Counties»

Assessments paid

Place m lieu of raising the Militia as aforesaid, shall be paid to wj,ere church the Collector of the Land Tax of the County or Stewartry wherein stands, the Church of such Town or Place is situate.

CLXI. And be it further enacted, That every Collector of the When Assess-Land Tax to whom any such Money shall be paid, shall give a ment paid to Receipt for such Money to the Person or Persons paying the Re£elv®r Oene-same, which Receipt shall be a sufficient. Discharge for such Pay- pja°e indent ment; and that when the whole Sum directed to be raised in any nified for not County, Stewartry, City or Place as aforesaid shall be paid into raising its the Hands of the Receiver General for S, in pursuance of Quota that this Act, such Payment shall be a full Dicharge and Indemnifi- ^ear* cation to such County, Stewarty, City or Place, for the Failure or Neglect in raising and training the Number of Men of the Militia for the Year in respect whereof such Payment shall be made; and the Receiver General of Scotland shall within Ten Days after Payment cer-the Receipt of any such Money, certify such Receipt to the Lord titled to Trea-High Treasurer and Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, &ury-and forthwith pay the same into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at JVesniinster ;and the Money so paid into the Exchequer Money paid into

shall be kept separate and apart from all other Money, and shall Exchequer and be accounted for yearly to Parliament, and disposed of as Parlia- parliament, ment shall direct; and no Fee or Gratuity whatsoever shall be given or paid to any Officer of the Exchequer for or on account of receiving or issuing any such Money.

CLXII. Provided always, and be it. further enacted, That the Allowance to Collector of the Land Tax of every County, Stewartry, City or Collector of Place in which any such Money shall be raised as aforesaid, shall Lan(l be allowed for his Pains and Trouble the Sum of One Penny in the Pound upon the whole Sum so by him received and paid; which Allowance every such Collector is hereby authorized to detain in his Hands out of the Money so received by him, before Payment made to the Receiver General of Scotland as aforesaid.

CLXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of Supply clerk of Sup-for every County, Stewartry, City or Place, shall and he is hereby ply annually to required, within Fourteen Da}?s next after the First Meeting of transmit Copies the Commissioners of Supply to be held next after the Twenty fifth Day of December yearly, to transmit to the Lord Chief Baron Lieutenants' and other Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in, &c. and his own

and also to the Collector of the Land Tax for such County, Certificate of Stewartry, City or Place, a Copy, signed by such Clerk of Sup- their Omission, ply, of every Certificate which he shall have received from Exch^uc^and the Lieutenant or any Three Deputy Lieutenants of such County, Collector of the Stewartry, City or Place as aforesaid; and where such Certificate Land Tax, &c-shall be omitted to be delivered, the Clerk of Supply shall certify and a^o certify such Omission to the Lord Chief Baron, and other Barons of His Omissions to Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and also to the Collector of the Land Tax, and that such Clerk of Supply hath cer- P

tified the same to the Commissioners of Supply at such Meeting,

554

C. 91.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802

King’s Attorney in Exchequer to compel Payment of the 101. per Man.

Clerks of Supply neglecting Duty.

Penalty 1001. and Loss of Office.

Collectors of Land Tax, 2001.

Chief Constables 501.

Petty Constables, Sec. 201.

King’s Attorney shall lay Offences before King’s Advocate, &c.

and required such Commissioners to proceed according to the Directions of this Act; and such Clerk of Supply shall also certify what Proceedings have been had at such Meeting in relation to the assessing and raising of the said Money, where the Militia shall not have been raised; and in case such Commissioners of Supply shall omit, neglect or refuse to proceed to raise the said Money according to the Directions of this Act, then the Clerk of Supply of such County, Stewartry, City or Place, shall and he is hereby required within Fourteen Days next after such General Meeting, to certify to His Majesty's Attorney in Exchequer in Scotland such Omission i Neglect or Refusal of such Commissioners, and the Names of the Commissioners who shall be present at such Meeting; and the King’s Attorney in Exchequer is hereby required, on Receipt, of such Certificate, forthwith to proceed by all such legal Ways and Means as shall be most effectual and expeditious, to compel such Commissioners to pay due Obedience to this Act, and to cause the said Money to be raised, collected and paid.

CLXIV. And be it further enacted, That if the said Sum of Ten Pounds per Man to be raised and paid in any such County, Stewartry, City or Place as aforesaid ( ), shall not be levied, collected and paid into the Exchequer at Westminster in Manner herein-before directed, His Majesty's Attorney in Exchequer in Scotland is hereby required forthwith, upon Knowledge or Information thereof, to proceed by all such legal Ways and Means as shall be most effectual and expeditious to compel the levying and collecting of such Money, and the Payment thereof into the Exchequer as aforesaid. (a) [ § 150. ante.']

CLXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk of Supply shall refuse or wilfully neglect to receive, deliver, make, record or transmit any such Certificates as aforesaid, according to the Directions and true Meaning of this Act, every such Clerk of Supply so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and shall also forfeit his Office, and be rendered incapable of having, receiving or holding any Office of Trust, Civil or Military, under the Crown; and if any Collector of the Land Tax, Chief Constable, Petty Constable or other Officer, who ought to act and assist in the raising and collecting of the said Money, shall wilfully omit, neglect or refuse to act or assist therein, according to the Directions and true Meaning of this Act, every such Collector of the Land Tax so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and every such Chief Constable so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and every such Petty Constable and other Officer so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and the King’s Attorney in Exchequer aforesaid shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to lay the same before His Majesty's Advocate for Scotland, who is also hereby required, with all due Diligence, to prosecute with Effect all such Commissioners of Supply, Collectors of the Land Tax and other Officers who shall omit, neglect or refuse to perform the Duty required of them respectively by this Act, touching the raising, collecting and paying of the said Money; and in case His Majesty's Attorney in Exchequer aforesaid shall wilfully omit or delay to proceed against any

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 91.

555

Married Militia-Men may exercise Trades in Great Britain, as Soldiers, under 24 G.3. c. 6.

such Justice of the Peace, Collector of the Land Tax, or other Officers as aforesaid, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and Penalty 500L

pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

" Provisions of 24 Geo. 2. c. 44. extended to County Lieutenants,.

" &c—§ 166.

[As § 171. ofc. 90.]

CLXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Acceptance of a Commissions. Commission in the Militia shall not vacate the Seat of any Member not to vacate returned to serve in Parliament. eats*

" Men may be absent at Elections of Members. § 168. Serjeants,

" &c. or Men, not liable to serve as Peace Officers. § 169.

[As*

[173,174. ofc. 90.]

CLXX. And be it further enacted, That every Person having served in the Militia when drawn out into actual Service, being a married Man, may set up and exercise any Trade in any Town or Place within Great Britain, without any Let, Suit or Molestation of or from any Person or Persons whomsoever, for or by reason of using or exercising such Trade, as freely and with the same Provisions, and under the same Regulations, as any Mariner or Soldier can or may do by virtue of an Act passed in the Twenty fourth.

Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to enable such Officers, Mariners and Soldiers, as have been the Land or Sea Service, or in the Marines, or in the Militia, or any. Corps of

Fencible Men, since the Second Year of present Majesty's Reign, to exercise Trades ;and no such Militia Man shall be liable

to be removed out of any such Town or Place.

CLXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Allowances to be made to Schoolmasters, Constables and other Officers, for their Trouble in the Execution of this Act, shall be given as follows;

[videlicet,) the Amount thereof shall from Time to Time be certified by the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, Cit}'- or Place, or by any Two or more Deputy Lieutenants, to the Lord Chief Baron and Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, who are hereby empowered to restrict these Claims to such Sums as they shall think reasonable, and to grant Warrant for Payment thereof out of the Revenues of the Land Tax, Assessed Taxes or Consolidated Duties of Customs and Excise, or any of them, which they shall think most proper to apply to this Purpose.

CLXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, the Manner of Recovery whereof is not by this Act particularly provided for, which shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, shall be recovered by Action of Debt, Complaint or Information, in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, wherein no Essoign, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and that all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, the Manner of Recovery whereof is not particularly provided for, which shall not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, shall, on Proof upon Oath of the Offence before any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the County, Stewartry, City or Place where the Offence shall be committed, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Effects, by Warrant under the Hands of such Justices, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducting the Charges

Oo 4 of

How Allowances to Schoolmasters, &e. paid.

Recovery and Application of Penalties where not otherwise directed.

556

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

No Order removeable by Bill of Advocation, &c.

Limitation of Actions.

Venue.

General Tssue.

Treble Costs.

C. 91.

of such Distress and Sale, to the Person whose Goods and Effects shall have been so distrained and sold; and for Want of sufficient Distress, such Justices are hereby required, in all Cases where no particular Time of Commitment is herein-before directed, to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol of the Count)'’, Stewartry, City or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, for any Time not exceeding Three Months; and the Money arising by all such Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, the Application whereof is not otherwise particularly directed by this Act, shall be paid to the Clerk, or (where there are no Clerks) to the Commanding Officers of the respective Regiments or Battalions of Militia of the respective Counties, Stewartries, Cities or Places where such Offences shall have been respectively committed, and shall be made Part of the publick Stock of such Regiments or Battalions of Militia respectively.

CLXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Order of Conviction made by any Lieutenant of any County, Stewartry, City or Place, or by any Two or more Deputy Lieutenants, or by any One Deputy Lieutenant, together with any One Justice of the Peace, or by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, by virtue of this Act, shall be removed by Bill of Advocation out of the County, Stewartry, City, Town or Place wherein such Order or Conviction shall have been made, to the Court of Session; and that no Bill of Advocation or Suspension shall supersede Execution or other Proceeding upon any such Order or Conviction so made in pursuance of this Act; but that Execution and other Proceedings shall be forthwith had and made thereupon immediately upon Conviction.

CLXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Action shall be brought against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Six Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County, Stewartry, City or Place where the Cause of Complaint did arise, and not elsewhere, unless before the Court of Exchequer in the Cases allowed by this Act; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence; and if the Defendant or Defendants shall be assoilzied in any such Action or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath in other Cases to recover Costs by the Laws of Scotland,

[Amended,43 G.3. c. 50.45 G.3. c. 31. 55 G. 3. c. 168. Extended

as to Local Militia to 52 G. 3. c. 68.; see § 19. of that .]

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

[These are precisely to the same Import as the Schedules nexed to c^-QO. for the English Militia. N.B. at the End of

Schedule C. is omitted.]

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C, 92, 93. 557

CAP. XCII.

An Act for repealing several Acts for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cases; and for substituting other Provisions in lieu thereof.

[26th June 1802.]

[ Repealed, 43 G.3. c. 155. § 1.; which is repealed, 54 G.3. c. 155.;

[which is repealed, 55 G. 3.C. 54.]

CAP. XCIII.

An Act for exempting from the Auction Duty Estates and Effects bought in for the Owner and Goods imported in any British Ship from any British Colony in, or from any Part of the United States; for better collecting and securing the Duties of Excise on Wine, Home made Spirits, Starch, Auctioneers, Rum shipped as Stores, and on Goods or Merchandize chargeable with Duties of Excise; for granting a further Allowance of Salt in the curing and preserving of Pilchards and Scads; and for allowing certain Draining Tiles to be made free of Duty.

[26th 1802.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the c. 56.

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for - §12.

ing, amending and enforcing so much of an, made the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty intituled 17 G. 3. c. 50.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences to he taken out by all Persons acting as and certain Rates and Duties on all Lands, Houses, Goods and other Things sold by Auction, and upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, Deeds and

other Instruments,’ as relates to the Method Licences

to Auctioneers, and to the collecting the Duties on Estates and Goods sold by Auction, it is amongst other Things provided that in case the real Owner of any Estate, Goods or Effects put up to Sale by Way of Auction, shall become the Purchaser by means of his own Bidding, or the Bidding of any other Person on his Behalf or for his Use, at such Sale, without Fraud or Collusion, then the respective Commissioners of Excise in Great Britain, and the Collectors, Supervisors and other Officers therein mentioned, are thereby authorised and required to make an Allowance to such Owner of the Duties upon such Bidding; provided Notice be given to the Auctioneer before such Bidding,

both by the Owner and the Person intending to be the Bidder,

of the latter being appointed by the former, and having agreed accordingly to bid at the Sale for the Use and Behoof of the Seller, and provided such Notice be verified by the Oath of the Auctioneer, as also the Fairness and Reality of the said Transaction, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief: And Whereas by another Act, made in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of 28 G. 3. c. 37. 4 His present Majesty, among other Things, for amending several §20.

Laws relative to the Revenue of Excise, it was enacted, that no " such Allowance should be made unless Notice in Writing, signed

O' C>

by

55 S

C. 93.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

An Allowance of Auction Duty to be made to the Owners of Estates put up to Axiction when bought in for them, by or by the Order of an Agent.

Notices to be produced, by Auctioneer to Officer of Ex-

by the Owner, and the Person intended to be the Bidder of the latter, being appointed by the former, and having agreed accordingly to bid at the Sale for the Use and Behoof of the Seller, 4 should have been given to the Auctioneer before such Bidding,

nor unless such Delivery of such Notice should be verified upon the Oath of the Auctioneer, as also the Fairness of the Transaction, to the best of his Knowledge: And Whereas divers Estates, Goods and Effects, have been put up to Sale by Way of Auction, and have been bought in for the respective Owners,

either by the Bidding of the Agents of such Owners, or by the Bidding of Persons under Notices in Writing not signed b}^ the several Owners themselves, but signed by the Agents of such Owners, and also by such Persons intended to be the Bidders of the latter, being appointed by the Agents of such Owners, and having agreed accordingly to bid at such respective Sales for the Use and Behoof of the Sellers; and Instances of the same Kind may frequently occur in future, and it is expedient to make such Provision in respect thereof as is herein after mentioned;’ Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Allowance of the Auction Duty shall be made to the Owner on any Estate, Goods or Effects, for or in respect whereof the Auction Duties shall not have been actually paid, and which have been or shall be put up to Sale by Way of Auction, and bought in for the Owner, either by the Steward or known Agent of the Owner, and actually employed in the Management of the Sale of such Estate, Goods or Effects, or under a Notice in Writing, signed as well by any such Steward or Agent actually employed as aforesaid, as by the Person intended to be the Bidder of the latter, being appointed by the former, and having agreed accordingly to bid at the Sale for the Use and Behoof of the Seller: Provided always nevertheless, that no such Allowance shall be made for or in respect of any such Estate, Goods or Effects, bought in for the Owner by any such Steward or Agent, unless Notice in Writing, signed by such Steward or Agent, of his the said Steward or known Agent’s being about to bid for such Owner, shall have been given to the Auctioneer before such Bidding; and such Delivery of such Notice, so signed as aforesaid, shall be verified upon the Oath of the Auctioneer, and also the Fairness and Reality of the Transaction, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief: Provided also, that no such Allowance shall be made for or in respect of such Estate, Goods or Effects, bought in for the Owner under any such Notice in Writing, signed as well by such Steward or Agent as aforesaid, as by the Person intended to be the Bidder, unless such Notice shall have been given to the Auctioneer before such Bidding; and such Delivery of such last mentioned Notice, so signed as aforesaid, shall be verified upon the Oath of the Auctioneer, as also the Fairness and Reality of the Transaction, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief.

II. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Allowance of the Auction Duty for or in respect of any Estate or Effects whatever, shall be made on account of any Estate or Effects

having

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 93.

559

having been bought in for the Owner under any written Notice, unless such Notice shall, at the Time appointed by Law for the Auctioneer’s passing his Account of such Sale, be produced by the Auctioneer to the proper Collector, or other Officer of Excise authorized to pass the Account of such Sale, nor unless such Notice shall be left with such Collector or other Officer; and in case any Dispute shall arise, whether such Purchase by or for the Owner was not made by Collusion, or in order to lessen the full Sum appointed by the Acts of Parliament in that Case made and provided to be paid, or concerning the Fairness of such Transaction, then and in such Cases the Proof thereof shall lie upon the Person acting as Auctioneer; and on Failure therein, or in case of any unfair Practice, then no such Allowance shall be made as aforesaid; any Thing in this or in any other Act of Parliament contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And Whereas it is expedient to exempt certain Goods, 4 Wares, Merchandize and Effects herein after mentioned, from the Duty on Auctions Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all Goods, Wares, Merchandize and Effects imported in any British Ship or Vessel from any British Colony or Settlement in America, or from any Part of the United States of America, shall and may be sold by Auction free of the Duty imposed by Law on Goods and Effects sold by Auction: Provided nevertheless, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to authorize the Sale of any such Goods or Effects free of the said Duty, unless on the First Sale of such Goods or Effects by or for the Account of the original Importer thereof, by whom the same were entered at the Custom House at the Port of Importation, nor unless such Sale shall be made within Twelve Months (a) next after the Time when such Goods or Effects shall have been so imported.

(a) [Timeextended as to Coffee, 52 3. c. 53. § 1. See as to Sales

of West India Producefor Payment of Duties, 47 3. sess. 2. c. 65.

IV. And Whereas by an Act made in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled Ait Act for ingcertain Duties note payable on Wines

ingneiv Duties in lieu thereof to be collected under the -

ment of the Commissioners of, it was enacted, that all

Dealers in and Sellers of Foreign Wine, otherwise than by Wholesale, who should have or receive into his, her or their Custody any Cyder, Spirituous Liquors or other Liquors, should keep the same separate and apart from Foreign Wine, under the Penalty and Forfeiture in and by the said Act in that Behalf provided: And Whereas it is expedient that all and every Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine, otherwise than by Wholesale, who shall have or receive into his, her or their Custody any Cyder, Spirituous Liquors or other Liquors, 4 should keep the same separate and apart, and in separate Cellars, 4 Vaults or other Places from their Foreign Wine Be it there.* fore enacted, That all and every Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine (other than such Dealers in Foreign Wine by Wholesale as mentioned in the said Act), who shall have or receive into his, her or their Custody any Cyder, Spirituous Liquors or other Liquors, shall keep the same separate and apart, and in

separate

cise, and Proof of Fairness of Transaction to lie on Auctioneer.

Goods imported in British Vessels from America maybe sold by Auction Duty free, on the First Sale for Importer, S

26G. S. c. 59. §24.

Dealers in foreign Wine, otherwise than by Wholesale, to keep Cyder, Spirits, in

560

C. 93.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

separate Places from Wine.

[Penalty.]

26 G 5. c« 59. § 22. to he observed by Wholesale Dealers in foreign Wine.

separate Warehouses, Storehouses, Rooms, Shops, Cellars, Vaults or other Places, from their Foreign Wine, upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of Ten Shillings for every Gallon of Cyder, Spirituous Liquors or other Liquors, which shall be found in any Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, Shop, Cellar, Vault or other Place, where any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine, otherwise than by Wholesale as aforesaid, shall have or keep any Foreign Wine, together with all such Cyder, Spirituous Liquors and other Liquors, and the Casks, Bottles, Jars, Vessels and other Packages containing the same; and such Cyder, Spirituous Liquors and other Liquors, Casks, Bottles, Jars, Vessels and Packages, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

‘ V. And Whereas by the said Act made in the Twenty sixth Year aforesaid, it was enacted, that all and every Dealer and Dealers in, and Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine by Wholesale, should, before he, she or they should begin to draw off or bottle any Foreign Wine, give to the Officer of Exci&e, under whose Survey such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, should then be, Six Hours’ Notice in Writing, within the Limits of the Chief

Office of Excise in London, and Twelve Hours’ Notice in Writing

in other Places in Great Britain, of his, her or their Intention to

draw off or bottle any Foreign Wine, and of the Time when, and the particular Warehouse, Storehouse, Room, Shop, Cellar, 4 Vault or other Place in which such Foreign Wine was intended to be drawn off or bottled, and the Quantity thereof, and into how many Casks, Bottles or other Vessels the same was intended to be drawn off or bottled; and if such Wine so intended to be drawn off or bottled should be French Wine, whether the same was French Red Wine or French White Wine, or if such Wine so intended to be drawn off or bottled should not be French Wine, whether the same was Foreign Red Wine not, or

Foreign White Wine not French, and from what particular Cask or other Vessel, or Casks or other Vessels, such Wine was intended to be drawn off or bottled; and that such Officer should,

if he should deem it expedient so to do, attend to see such Foreign Wine drawn off or bottled, and that the same should be drawn off or bottled in the Presence of such Officer, if he should attend pursuant to such Notice; and that such Wine should also be packed or piled in the Presence of the Officer of Excise under whose Survey such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, should then be, or in Default of the same being packed or piled in the Presence of such Officer, such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, should immediately, upon such Wine being drawn off or bottled as aforesaid, or in case the Officer should not be then present, then upon such Officer’s next Survey, make to such Officer a Declaration into what Bin, or in what particular Part of his Warehouses, Storehouses, Rooms, Shops, Cellars, Vaults or other entered Places, such Wine was intended to be or should have been packed, piled or deposited, and when such Dealer or Dealers, Seller or Sellers, intended to pack, pile or deposit the same according to such Declaration, and such Wine should be piled or deposited according to such Declaration; and that no Foreign Wine should be removed from the Bin or Place in which the same should be packed, piled or deposited, according to the

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 93. 561

Directions of that Act, into any other Bin or Place in any such Warehouses, Storehouses, Rooms, Shops, Cellars, Vaults or other entered Places, before such Dealer or Dealers, Seiler or Sellers, should have given to such Officer Six Hours' Notice in Writing within the Limits of the said Chief Office, and Twelve Hours’ Notice in Writing in other Places in Great, of his,

her or their Intention so to remove the same, and of the particular Bin or Place in any such Warehouses, Storehouses, Rooms,

Shops, Cellars, Vaults or other Places to which the same was intended so to be removed, under and subject to the Penalty of Fifty Pounds, by the said Act imposed and provided for any Breach or Disobedience of the said several recited Regulations and Provisions, subject nevertheless to certain Provisoes in the said Act in that Behalf contained: And Whereas it is expedient to extend the said several Regulations and Provisions in the said recited Clause contained, to all Dealers in and Sellers of Foreign Wine Be it therefore enacted, That the said several Regulations and Provisions, together with the said Penalty of Fifty Pounds in the said recited Clause contained, for any Breach or Disobedience of any of the said Regulations or Provisions, and also the said Provisoes, with the Alterations by this Act made therein, shall and the same are hereby declared to extend to all and every Dealer and Dealers in and Seller and Sellers of Foreign Wine.

VI. And Whereas it is expedient to grant Permits to all Dealers in and Sellers of Foreign Wine for the Removal of Foreign Wine Be it therefore further enacted, That Permits shall Permits grant-and may from Time to Time be granted to all Dealers in and ed to Dealers Sellers of Foreign Wine, for the Removal of Foreign Wine, in the for removing same Manner, and under and subject to such Rules, Regulations, to^Whole-

Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are sa]e peaiers in and by the said Act, made in the Twenty sixth Year aforesaid, under contained, provided, settled or established, concerning Permits by 26 G. c. that Act authorized or directed to be granted or given to Dealers § 55, in and Sellers of Foreign Wine by Wholesale, for the Removal of Wine; and all and singular the said Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, are hereby declared to extend to all Cases relating to Permits authorized to be granted by this Act.

VII. And Whereas by an Act made in the Second Year of 2 G. 3. c. 5.

His present Majesty's Reign, among other Things, for the better § 19*

regulating and encouraging the Exportation of British made Spirits, it was provided and enacted, that nothing in that Act contained should extend to hinder any Maker of Spirits for Exportation, from sending such Spirits (as are in the said Acts in that Behalf particularly mentioned) out of his locked up Warehouse to any other Distiller, provided such Maker of Spirits sending the same, and the Distiller who should receive the same, did before such Spirits were taken out of the Warehouse give such Bond as was in the said Act in that Behalf directed, in Double the Value of such Spirits, and Double the Duties they would have been liable to if made for Home Consumption, for the due and fair Exportation of such Spirits,

within the Time in that Behalf by the said Act prescribed, and under and subject to the other Regulations in and by the said

562

27 G. 3. c. 13.

Makers of Spirits for Exportation sending out Spirits to other Distillers, instead of Bond under 2 G. 3.C. 5. to give Bond (for due Exportation) in Double Value of Spirits, and Double Value of Duties on Wash.

C. 93. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Act in that Behalf provided: And Whereas by the Laws in force at the Time of making the said Act, the said Duties, in the said Act in that Behalf mentioned, were chargeable upon the Low Wines and Spirits made for Home Consumption, but the Duties on Low Wines and Spirits made for Home Consumption were,

by an Act made in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, among other Things, for repealing the Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, repealed; and in lieu and stead thereof, other Duties, are by the Acts now in force imposed for fermented Wort or Wash,

brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and on other Matters and Things in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and in the said Acts in that Behalf particularly mentioned; and it is therefore expedient that every such Bond should be in Double the Duties which would have been chargeable for or in respect of such Quantities of fermented Wort or Wash as is herein after mentioned, in lieu and in stead of such Double Duties of Spirits,

and to impose such other Penalties, and make such Provisions as herein after in that Behalf directed Be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, every Maker of Spirits for Exportation sending any such Spirits out of his locked up Warehouse to any other Distiller, and the Distiller who shall receive the same, shall in lieu and stead of the said Bond so directed to be given as aforesaid give Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, with sufficient Security, to be approved of as any other Security is directed by the said Act, made in the Second Year aforesaid, to be approved, in Double the Value of such Spirits, and Double the Duties which the Wort, Wash, Liquor or other Preparation from whence such Spirits were made or extracted, would have been charged or chargeable with, had the said Spirits been made from fermented Wort or Wash, brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, for extracting such Spirits for Home Consumption from Malt, Corn, Grain, or Tilts, reckoning at and after the Rate of One hundred Gallons of such Worts, Wash, Liquor or other Preparation, for every Twenty four Gallons of such Spirits, for the due and fair Exportation of such Spirits, within Three Months next after the Date of each respective Bond, and provided that such Leave be first obtained, and that such Notice thereof shall have been given to the Officer of Excise, as is in the said Act required, for or in respect of any such Spirits to be sent by the Maker thereof for Exportation out of his locked up Warehouse, to any other Distiller.

VIII. And Whereas by an Act made in the Second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, among other Things for the better regulating and encouraging the Exportation of British made Spirits, it was enacted, that in order the more effectually to prevent Distillers for Exportation from fraudulently removing Wash, Low Wines or Spirits, if any Decrease should at any Time or Times appear to be found in the Wash of any Distiller or Distillers brewed or made for the distilling of Spirits for Exportation (except such Decrease as is in the said Act in that Behalf excepted), such Distiller or Distillers should be and was and were thereby charged with a Double Duty for the Quantity

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 93.

568

of Low Wines and Spirits such Wash so decreased was presumed to make, and the Officers of Excise were thereby required in such Case to make such Charge in the Manner prescribed by the said Act; and that if any Decrease should at any Time or Times appear in the Stock of Spirits made for Exportation, belonging to any such Distiller or Distillers (except such as in the said Act in that Behalf excepted), every such Distiller and Distillers should be charged, and the Officers of Excise were thereby required to charge him, her or them, for all the Spirits so found to be decreased, and not properly accounted for, with Double the Duties such Spirits would have been charged with £ if made for Home Consumption: And Whereas by the Laws in force at the Time of making the said Act, the said Duties, in the said Act in that Behalf mentioned, were chargeable upon the Low Wines and Spirits made for Home Consumption, but the Duties on Low Wines and Spirits made for Horne Consumption were, by an Act made in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, among other Things, for repealing the Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, repealed, and in lieu and stead thereof other Duties are by the Acts now in force imposed for fermented Wort or Wash brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called

for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and on other ' 4 Matters and Things in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland,

and in the said Acts in that Behalf particularly mentioned; and by Means thereof the said Penalties, so far as the same relate to such Double Duties respecting Spirits made for Home Consumption, are become void; and it is therefore expedient, in lieu and in stead of the said recited Penalties, to impose such other Penalties, and make such Provisions, as herein after in that Behalf directed;’ Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, in order the more effectually to prevent such Distillers from fraudulently removing Wort, Wash, Low Wines or Spirits, if any Decrease shall at any Time or Times be found in the Wort or Wash of any Distiller or Distillers, brewed or made for the extracting of Spirits for Exportation, (except such Decrease as shall be made appear, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being, to have really and truly arisen from Accident), such Distiller or Distillers shall for every such Decrease of Wort or Wash be, and he, she and they is and are hereby charged with Double the Duties which would have been chargeable for or in respect of a Quantity of fermented Wort or Wash, brewred or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, equal to the Quantity of such Decrease of the Wort or Wash so found as aforesaid; and if any Decrease shall at any Time or Times be found in the Spirits of the First or Second Extraction, or of any other Spirits of any such Distiller or Distillers made for Exportation, (except such Decrease as shall be made appear, to the Satisfaction of such Commissioners, to have really and truly arisen from Accident,) such Distiller or Distillers shall, for every such Decrease be, and he, she and they is and are hereby charged with Double the Duties which would have been chargeable for or in respect of a Quantity of fermented Wort or Wash, brewed or made

in

If Decrease found in Wash made for extracting Spirits for Exportation (Exception), Distiller charged with Double Duties on Wash (instead of on the Spirits as under 2 G. c. 5. § 26.); and charged in like Manner for Decrease in Spirits of First or Second Extraction, or of any other Spirits for Exportation, &c.

5G4

C. 93.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Where Spirits distilled for Exportation in One Day, and not locked up in Warehouse, decrease or are removed in Absence of Excise Officer, Distiller charged with Double Duties on Wash, instead of on the Spirits, as under 2 G. 3. c. 5. §22.

in that Part of Great Britain called for extracting a

Quantity of Spirits for Home Consumption, as would be presumed to be requisite to make a Quantity of Spirits equal to the Quantity of Spirits of such Decrease, reckoning at and after the Rate of One hundred Gallons of such Wort or Wash for every Twenty four Gallons of such Decrease of Spirits; and the proper Officer or Officers of Excise is and are hereby, in any or either of the said Cases, to make such Charge or Charges accordingly.

IX. And Whereas by the said Act, made in the Second Year of c His present Majesty's Reign, it was also enacted, that if it should appear that any such Decrease, as in the said Act is in that. Behalf particularly mentioned, had been made in the Quantity or Quality of the Spirits distilled for Exportation in One Day, and which could not, for Want of Time, be conveyed from the Spirit Cask and locked up, as was thereinbefore directed, or in case any such Spirits should have been removed in the Absence of the Officer of Excise, in either of the said Cases the Distiller or Distillers should be and were thereby charged for the said Spirits so decreased or removed, with Double the Duties such Spirits would have been charged with if made for Home Consumption, which the Officer of Excise was thereby required to charge accordingly: And Whereas by reason of such Repeal of the said Duties as aforesaid, it is become expedient to make such Provisions as next herein after mentioned;’ Be it therefore enacted, That if from and after the passing of this Act it shall at any Time so happen that the Spirits distilled for Exportation in One Day, belonging to any Distiller or Distillers, cannot, for Want of Time, be conveyed from the Spirit Cask (into which they are directed to be run immediately from the Still) and locked up in the Warehouse or Warehouses, as by the said Act is in that Behalf directed, and it shall appear that any such Decrease, as in the said Act in that Behalf mentioned, has been made in the Quantity or Quality of the said Spirits; or in case any such Spirits shall have been removed in the Absence of the Officer of Excise, in either of the said Cases, in lieu and stead of any Charge as is in such Case in the said Act in that Behalf particularly directed to be made, the Distiller or Distillers shall be and are hereby charged for the said Spirits so decreased or removed, with Double the Duties which the Wort, Wash, Liquor or other Preparation from whence such Spirits were made or extracted, would have been charged or chargeable with, had the said Spirits been made from fermented Wort or Wash, brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, for extracting such Spirits for Home Consumption from Malt, Corn, Grain or Tilts, reckoning at and after the Rate of One hundred Gallons of such Wort, Wash, Liquor or other Preparation, for every Twenty four Gallons of such Spirits, and which the Officer of Excise is hereby required to charge accordingly.

X. And Whereas by the said Act, made in the Second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, it was also enacted, that when Spirits made for Exportation should be delivered out of any Warehouse or Warehouses, to be sent Coastways in order for Exportation to Foreign Parts, as in the said Act is in that Behalf mentioned, the Distiller or Distillers, out of whose Warehouse

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 9

565

‘ house such Spirits were delivered, should on taking out the same give such Bond as was in the said Act in that Behalf di-e rected, in Double the Value of the Spirits, and Double the Duties which were payable for the like Spirits distilled for Home i Consumption, that the same Spirits, and every Part thereof

should (the Danger of the Seas and Enemies excepted) be really

and truly landed in such Port of this Kingdom for which the same should be entered, and such Bond so entered into should

not be discharged or delivered up, until such a Certificate as is c in the said Act prescribed, should be produced from the Chief Officer of Excise of the Port for which such Spirits were entered;

‘ and it was also by the said Act enacted, that such Spirits so to

be sent Coastways, when landed at the Port for which the same ( were entered, should be immediately on the landing thereof put

into a proper Warehouse, and there continued until the same should be exported, and should be secured by the Person to whom they were sent, and by the Chief Officer of Excise in the said Act mentioned, in Manner in the said Act in that Behalf directed: And Whereas by reason of such Repeal of the said Duties as aforesaid, it is become expedient to make such Provisions as next herein after mentioned;' Be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, every Distiller or Distillers, out of whose Warehouse or Warehouses any such Spirits made for Exportation shall be delivered to be sent Coastways in order for Exportation to Foreign Parts, as in the said Acts is in that Behalf mentioned, shall in lieu and stead of the said Bond so in that Behalf directed to be given as aforesaid, give Bond, with sufficient Security, to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to be approved of as any other Security is directed by the said last mentioned Act to be approved, in Double the Value of such Spirits, and Double the Duties which the Wort, Wash, Liquor or other Preparation from whence such Spirits were made or extracted, would have been charged or chargeable with, had the said Spirits been made from fermented Wort or Wash, brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, for extracting such Spirits for Home Consumption from Malt, Corn, Grain or Tilts, reckoning at and after the Rate of One hundred Gallons of such Wort, Wash, Liquor or other Preparation, for every Twenty four Gallons of such Spirits, that the same Spirits, and every Part thereof shall (the Danger of the Seas and Enemies excepted) be really and truly landed in such Port of this Kingdom for which the same shall be entered, and such Bonds so entered into shall not be discharged or delivered up, until such a Certificate shall be produced from the Chief Officer of Excise of the Port for which such Spirits were entered, testifying the landing thereof, and the several other Matters and Things in and by the said Act particularly directed, in the Certificate thereby required for the Discharge of such Bond as was thereby directed to be given for or in respect of Spirits to be sent Coastways, and for the landing of such Spirits in the Port of this Kingdom for which the same should be entered.

XI. And Whereas by an Act, made in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Third,

1 intituled An Act for laying several D Wines or

‘ Spirits of the First Extraction, and for preventing the Frauds and 42 Geo. III. P p 6 Abuses

Bonds of Distillers from whose Warehouse Spirits shall be delivered to be sent Coastwise for Exportation to be given in Double Value of Spirits and Double Value of Duties on Wash, instead of on Spirits as under 2 G. 3. c. 5. § 27.

Instead of Charge under 7 & 8 W.3. c. 30. §14.

566

C. 93.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

If Excise Officer, after taking Account of Wash, &c. preparing for extracting of Spirits in England, shall find any Deficiency, he shall charge Distiller with Duty on a Quantity of Wash equal to that deficient.

Instead of Penalties under 2 G. 3. c. 5. §29.

Abuses of Brewers, Distillers and other Persons chargeable with the Duties of Excise, it was enacted, that the Gauger and { Gaugers of Excise should from Time to Time gauge and take Account of all Wash and other Materials prepared or preparing for the making of Low Wines, and also of all Low Wines, Spirits

or Strong Waters, found in the Houses, Cellars or Warehouses,

‘ or in any Wash Back, Cast or other Vessel or Vessels, used by any Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits; and in case he should miss any Quantity or Quantities of Liquor or Drink brewed or made from Corn, or any Wash or other Materials pre-

pared for making of Low Wines, which he had found as in the said Act is mentioned, and should not on Demand receive Satisfaction what was become of such Drink or Wash, or other such

like Materials, that in every such Case it should be lawful for

such Gauger to charge such Distiller with so much Low Wines

as such Liquor, Drink, Wash or other Materials so missing, in his Judgment would reasonably have made: And Whereas the Duties on Low Wines and Spirits are now repealed, and certain Duties are imposed in lieu thereof, on Wort, Wash or Liquor fermented, brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called

England, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and it is < therefore expedient to make such Provision as is herein after

mentioned;’ Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every the Officer or Officers of Excise, from Time to Time to gauge and take an Account of all Wash, Drink and other Liquor or Materials, prepared or preparing for the extracting of Low Wines or Spirits in that Part of Great Britain called England; and that in case any Officer or Officers of Excise, at any Distiller or Distillers in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall miss or find any Deficiency in the Gauge of

any Quantity or Quantities of Liquor or Drink brewed or made, or in any Wash or other Materials preparing or prepared for extracting of Spirits for Home Consumption, and which the Officer or Officers of Excise had before found or gauged at such Distiller or Distillers, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for such Officer or Officers to charge such Distiller or Distillers with the Duty on a Quantity of fermented Wort or Wash, Cyder, Perry or other Wash or Liquor, of the same Kind of Materials as the said Liquor, Drink, Wash or other Materials consisted of, or was preparing or prepared from, equal to the Quantity of such Liquor or Drink, Wash or other Materials, so missing or found deficient in the Gauge, and such Distiller or Distillers shall pay the same accordingly; and the said Duty shall be recovered and applied in like Manner as the said Duties by Law imposed for or in respect of fermented Wort or Wash, brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called, from Malt,

Corn, Grain or Tilts, or from other Materials for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, are now by Law directed to be recovered and applied.

XII. And Whereas by the said Act, made in the Second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, it was also enacted, that such Spirits in the said Act in that Behalf mentioned as should be shipped for Stores, should during the Time the Ship or Vessel was or should be within the Limits of any Port of this Kingdom,

A.D. 1802.

,42° GEO. III. C.

567

be openly stowed and kept, so that the Officers of Excise might at any Time examine the same, on Pain of forfeiting the Double

Duty of all such Stores which should not be so stowed and kept, or produced and shown to the Officers of Excise, which said Double Duty should be charged by the Officers of Excise for such

+Stores which should not be so stowed and kept, or produced and shown according to the Rate such Spirits would have been charged with if made for Home Consumption, and which Charge should be paid by the Master of the Ship or Vessel on board of which such Stores were shipped; and when any Spirits made for Exportation, should be entered for Exportation to any of the Places in that Act particularly in that Behalf mentioned, the Exporter or Exporters thereof, when the whole Quantity of Spirits intended at that Time to be exported should be shipped,

should immediately give and enter into such Bonds as are in the said Act directed for the due and fair Exportation of such Spirits,

and produce such Certificates within the respective Times in the said Act in that Behalf prescribed, and that the Penalty in every cBond so to be entered into in pursuance of that Act, should be

‘ Double the Value of the Spirits entered for Exportation, and

Double the Duties such Spirits ought to have paid if they had ( been made for Home Consumption; and that until such Bond should be entered into by the Exporter or Exporters, the Distiller or Distillers from whose Warehouse such Spirits should be sent,

should be and were thereby charged for such Quantity of Spirits so

shipped for Exportation, with Double the Duties such Spirits

would have been charged with if made for Home Consumption,

‘ and that such Charge should not be discharged until such Bond

should be entered into; And Whereas by reason of such Repeal of the said Duties, and the said Imposition of the said other Duties for such Wort or Wash as aforesaid, it is become expedient, in lieu and instead of the said last recited Charges and

Penalties respectively, to impose such other Charges and Penalties, and make such Provisions herein after in that Behalf directed;’ Be it therefore further enacted, That in lieu and instead of the said last recited Charges and Penalties respectively, from and after the passing of this Act, all such Spirits made or drawn in Great Britain for Exportation, as shall be shipped for Stores, shall during the Time the Ship or Vessel is or shall be within the Limits of any Port of this Kingdom, be openly stowed and kept, so that the Officers of Excise may at any Time examine the same, on Pain of forfeiting the Double Duties which the Wort, Wash, Liquor or other Preparation, from whence such Spirits were made or extracted, would have been charged or chargeable with, had such Spirits been made or extracted from fermented Wort or Wash, brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, for extracting such Spirits for Home Consumption from Malt, Corn, Grain or Tilts, reckoning at and after the Rate of One hundred Gallons of such Wort, Wash, Liquor or other Preparation, for every Twenty four Gallons of such Spirits which shall not be so stowed and kept, or produced and shown to the Officers of Excise; which said Double Duty shall be charged by the Officers of Excise, for such Stores which shall not be so stowed and kept, or produced and shown as aforesaid, and which Charge shall be

All such Spirits made for Exportation as shall be shipped for Stores to be openly stowed.

[Penalty.]

568

C. 93.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802

When Spirits shipped for Exportation, Exporter to enter into Bond according to 33 G. 2. c. 9. but in the Penalty hereby directed.

paid by the Master of the Ship or Vessel on board of which such Stores were shipped; and when any Spirits made for Exportation shall be entered for Exportation to or His Majesty’s

Plantations in America, or to any other Parts beyond the Seas in Europe, or to any Parts beyond the Seas in Africa, the Exporter or Exporters thereof, before any Part of such Spirits intended at that Time to be exported shall be shipped, shall give and enter into such and the like Bonds for the due and fair Exportation of such Spirits, and produce such Certificates within the respective Times, and make such Proofs as were respectively required to be given, entered into, produced and made, by an Act made in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second, among other Tilings, for encouraging the Exportation of British made Spirits, or the Exportation of Spirits to the respective Places before mentioned, in pursuance of the Directions of the said last mentioned Act, except only that the Penalty in every Bond so to be entered into in pursuance of this Act, shall be Double the Value of the Spirits entered for Exportation, and the Double Duties which the Wort, Wash, Liquor or other Preparation from whence such Spirits were made or extracted, would Rave been charged or chargeable with had the said Spirits been made from fermented Wort or Wash, brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England,ior- extracting such Spirits for Home

-Consumption from Malt, Corn, Grain or Tilts, reckoning at and after the Rate of One hundred Gallons of such Wort, Wash, Liquor or other Preparation, for every Twenty four Gallons of such Spirits; and until such Bond shall be entered into by the Exporter or Exporters, the Distiller or Distillers from whose Warehouse any such Spirits were originally sent, shall be, and he, she and they is and are hereby charged for such Quantity of Spirits so sent, with such Double Duties as last aforesaid, and such Charge shall not be discharged until such Bond shall be entered into; and when any British made Spirits shall be entered for Exportation to any Parts beyond the Seas in Asia, the Exporter or Exporters thereof, before any Part of such Spirits intended at that Time to be exported shall be shipped, shall give and enter into a Bond of the like Tenor and Condition, with the like Security, and make the like Proof as was required to be given, entered into and made by the said Act, made in the said Thirty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, on the Exportation of Spirits to Parts beyond the Seas in Africa, in pursuance of the Directions of that Act, except only that the Penalty in every such Bond so to be entered into in pursuance of this Act, shall be Double the Value of the Spirits entered for Exportation, and Double the Duties which the Wort, Wash, Liquor or other Preparation, from whence such Spirits were made or extracted, would have been charged or chargeable with, had the said Spirits been made or extracted from fermented Wort, Wash, Liquor or other Preparation, brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, for extracting such Spirits for Home Consumption from Malt, Corn, Grain or Tilts, reckoning at and after the Rate of One hundred Gallons of such Wort, Wash, Liquor or other Preparation, for every Twenty four Gallons of such Spirits; and until such last mentioned Bond shall be

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 93. 569

entered into by the Exporter or Exporters, the Distiller or Distillers from whose Warehouse such Spirits were sent, shall be and are hereby charged for such Quantity of Spirits so sent with such Double Duties as last aforesaid, and such Charge shall not be discharged until such Bond shall be entered into; and also except that the Proof of the due Exportation of such Spirits shall not be required to be made till the End of Three Years from the Date of such respective Bonds.

XIII. And Whereas great Quantities of Starch are used in the making of Stone Blue, and the Laws already in Force have by Experience been found insufficient to prevent Makers of Starch,

‘ being at the same Time Makers of Stone Blue, from clandestinely making Use of Starch, for which no Duty has been paid, in the making of Stone Blue: For Remedy whereof, be it further enacted, That no Person licensed to make Starch, or having made Entr}' of any Workhouse or Place for the making of Starch at any Office of Excise, or being a Maker of Starch within Great Britain, shall be a Proprietor, Owner or Occupier of any Workhouse or Place made use of for the making of Stone Blue, or for the keeping of Stone Blue, or Materials for the making of Stone Blue, or have any Part or Share in any Stone Blue Manufactory, or be in any Manner concerned in the Trade or Business of a Maker or Manufacturer of Stone Blue; and if any Person licensed to make Starch, or having made Entry of any Workhouse or Place for the making of Starch as aforesaid, or being a Maker of Starch within Great Britain, shall be a Proprietor, Owner or Occupier of any Workhouse or Place made Use of for the making of Stone Blue, or, for the keeping of Stone Blue, or Materials for the making of Stone Blue, or shall have any Part or Share in any Stone Blue Manufactory, or be in any Manner concerned in the Trade or Business of a Maker or Manufacturer of Stone Blue, the Person or Persons, so offending shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XIV. And Whereas it has been found by Experience that the 1 Security by Bond, required by an Act made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to be given by Persons acting as Auctioneers, is not sufficient to answer the Purposes thereby intended For Remedy whereof, and for the better securing the Payment of the Duties by Law imposed for and in respect of Sales at Auction, be it therefore enacted, That every Person not already licensed according to the said Act, who now or at any Time or Times hereafter doth or shall exercise the Trade or Business of an Auctioneer, or Seller by Commission, at any Sale of any Estate, Goods or Effects whatsoever, by Outcry, knocking down of Hammer, by Candle, by Lot, by Parcel or by any Mode of Sale at Auction, or whereby the highest Bidder is deemed to be the Purchaser, or who shall act in such Capacity within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, shall, at the Time of receiving his Licence, give Security by Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, with Two sufficient Sureties, in Manner following; (that is to say,) himself in the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and his Sureties in the Sum of Two hundred Pounds each (a), which Security the Commissioners of Excise in England, or an}' (a) [ Other Surety, 43 G. 3. c. 130. § L]

Proof of Exportation.

No Starch Maker in Great Britain to be Owner of any Place for making Stone Blue, or be concerned, in that Business,.

Penalty 2001.'

Instead of Security required under.

] 9 G. 3. c, .56.. § 7-

Auetioneers, within Limits of Excise in London, to give Security in Manner herein specified.

570

C. 93.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Auctioneers, not within those Limits, to give Security as herein directed.

No Rum to be delivered as Stores out of any Warehouse where lodged under 15 G. 2. c. 25. unless Bond be given as herein directed.

Two or more of them, for the Time being, or such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners of Excise shall from Time to Time appoint to deliver out the Licences by the said Act directed, are and is hereby authorized and empowered to take, that the said Person who shall exercise such Trade or Business, or who shall act in such Capacity as aforesaid, shall and will deliver every Account of the Sales by him made, and also make Payment of all and every Sum and Sums of Money arising or becoming due for the Auction Duty for or in respect of all such Sales, in Manner prescribed in and by the said Act of the Nineteenth Year aforesaid, as by this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force.

XV. And be it further enacted, That each and every Person who shall exercise such Trade or Business, or who shall act in such Capacity as aforesaid, in any Part of Great Britain not within the Limits of the said Chief Office, shall at the Time of receiving his Licence, give Security by Bond as aforesaid, with Two sufficient Sureties, in Manner following: (that is to say,) himself in the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and his Securities in the Sum of Fifty Pounds each, which Security shall be taken by the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, or any Two or more of them respectively for the Time being, or by such Person or Persons as they the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them respectively, shall appoint for that Purpose, or by the respective Collectors of Excise within their respective Collections, in like Manner as is herein-before directed, with regard to the Bonds to be given within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, that the said Person who shall exercise such Trade or Business, or who shall act in such Capacity as aforesaid, shall and will deliver every Account, and make Payment of all and every Sum and Sums of Money in Manner prescribed in or by the said Acts, or any or either of them.

i XVI. And Whereas for preventing Frauds in the shipping of ‘Rum as Stores, free of Duty, to be consumed on board Ships on their Voyages to Foreign Parts, it is expedient to make such Provision as is herein after mentioned; Be it therefore enacted, That no such Rum shall be delivered as Stores, to be spent and consumed as aforesaid, out of any Warehouse or Warehouses in which the same shall have been lodged, in pursuance of an Act, made in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second (a), among other Things, to empower the Importers or Proprietors of Rum or Spirits, of the British Sugar Plantations, to land the same before Payment of the Duties of Excise charged thereon, and to lodge the same in Warehouses at their own Expence, unless the Person or Persons intending to have the same so delivered shall give Bond, with sufficient Security to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to be approved of by the respective Commissioners of Excise land and Scotland for the Time being, or any Three of them, or by such Person or Persons as they shall from Time to Time appoint or employ for that Purpose, in Double the Value of the Goods, and the Duties of Excise payable thereon, that such Rum, and every Part thereof, shall (the Dangers of the Seas and Enemies excepted) be really and truly spent and consumed on board

(a) [15 G.2. c. 25. recited as expired, 52 G. 3. 142. § 2.]

the

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 93.

571

the Ship or Vessel for which the same is intended to be delivered as Stores, by the Mariners intended to be employed in navigating the said Ship or Vessel, or bj^ His Majesty's Troops that may be embarked in the same; and that no Part of such Rum shall be relanded in any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Sark or Man, or either of them.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities, for or in respect whereof any Duty of Excise is imposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, shall be fraudulently deposited, hid or concealed, in any Place or Places whatsoever, with an Intent to defraud His Majesty of any of the Duties of Excise by any such Act or Acts of Parliament imposed for or in respect thereof, all such Goods, Wares, Merchandize and Commodities respectively, shall be forfeited, together with the Packages containing the same, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the better to enable such Officer or Officers to discover such Goods, Wares, Merchandize and Commodities respectively so forfeited, if any such Officer or Officers shall have cause to suspect that any such Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities, shall be so deposited, hid or concealed in any Place or Places whatsoever, then and in such Case, if such Place or Places shall be within the Cities of London or Westminster, or within the Limits of the Chief Office

of Excise in London, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers before the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being, or any Two or more of them, or in case such Place or Places shall be in any other Part of Great Britain, upon Oath made by such Officer or Officers before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division or Place, where such Officer or Officers shall suspect the same to he deposited, hid or concealed, setting forth the Ground of his or their Suspicion, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, or the Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively (as the Case may require), before whom such Oath shall be made, if they or he shall judge it reasonable, by special Warrant or Warrants under his and their respective Hands and Seals, to authorize and empower such Officer or Officers by Day or by Night, but if in the Night, then in the Presence of a Constable or other lawful Officer of the Peace, to enter into all and every such Place or Places where he or they shall so suspect such Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities to be so deposited, hid or concealed, and to seize and carry away all such Goods, Wares, Merchandize and Commodities respectively, which he or they shall then and there find so forfeited, together with the Packages containing the same; and every such Constable or other lawful Officer of the Peace is, on being thereto requested by any such Officer or Officers of Excise, to go along with him or them, and to be present at the Execution of every such Warrant; and if any Person or Persons whatever shall let, obstruct or hinder any such Officer or Officers so authorized or empowered, or any other Person or Persons acting in his or their Aid or Assistance in the Execution of any such Warrant, from entering any such Place or Places

Goods hidden with Intent to defraud Revenue of Excise, forfeited.

Mode of proceeding where Officers suspect that Goods are concealed.

Obstruction

Officers.

572

C. 93.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Penalty 1001.

When Goods forfeited by Excise Law, Packages, &c. forfeited also.

Candles, Sope, or Starch, imported into G.B. in Packages of less than 250 lbs.; or Coffee in Packages of less 112 lbs.; or Tobacco in Packages of less than 450 lbs.; not to be entered for Exportation; and if so imported, forfeited.

where such Officer or Officers shall so suspect such Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities to be so deposited, hid or concealed, or in seizing or carrying away the same, or the Packages containing the same, or in the due Execution of any such Warrant, the Person and Persons so offending shall for each and every such Offence, severally forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodity are or shall be forfeited under any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to His Majesty's Duties of Excise, all and singular the moveable Casks or other Packages containing the same, and also every Vessel, Boat, Cart, Carriage and all Cattle used in the Removal thereof, shall be forfeited; and the same respectively, together with such Goods, Wares, Merchandize and Commodity, shall" and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XIX. And WTiereas by the Laws now in force relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, Candles, Sope, Starch, Coffee

and Tobacco respectively, are forfeited, for Importation in

Quantities less than the several Weights in such Laws respectively in that Behalf mentioned, limited and prescribed: And Whereas the Masters of Ships and Vessels trading from Foreign Ports to this Kingdom, do frequently bring great Quantities of such Goods for the Purpose of smuggling the same in this Kingdom; and if they are prevented by the Vigilance of the Officers of the Revenue from landing the same before they arrive at the Port or Place of their Discharge, such Masters do then report

4such Goods for Exportation, to gain an Opportunity of running the same on Shore in this Kingdom, or unshipping them into Boats and other Vessels for that Purpose in their Passage Outwards to the Prejudice of the publick Revenue, and the fair Merchants For Remedy -whereof, be it enacted, That from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and two, no Candles, Sope or Starch, which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain in any Ship or Vessel, belonging in the Whole or in Part to His Majesty's Subjects, otherwise than in Cask, Chest, Case, Bag or other Package, containing Two hundred and twenty four Pounds neat of Candles, Sope or Starch respectively, at the least; nor any Coffee which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, otherwise than in Cask, Chest, Case, Bag or other Package, containing One hundred and twelve Pounds neat of Coffee, at the least; nor any Tobacco which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, otherwise than in an Hogshead, Cask, Chest, Case, Bag or other Package, containing Four hundred and fifty Pounds neat of Tobacco, at the least, shall be entered or reported for Exportation; and all Entries or Reports, which after the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and two shall be made of any such Candles, Sope, Starch, Coffee or Tobacco respectively, contrary to the Directions of this Act, are hereby declared to be null and void; and all such Candles, Sope, Starch, Coffee and Tobacco respectively, imported or brought into Great Britain otherwise than as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, together with the Packages containing the same respectively; and all such Candles, Sope, Starch, Coffee, Tobacco and Packages so

forfeited,

C. 93.

573

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III.

forfeited, shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XX. And Whereas the Quantity of Salt for curing Pilchards Instead of AJ- and Scads allowed by an Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of gg^11^6 the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the Commissioners of Excise;

i and for repealing the Duties on Salt, and the Drawbacks,

‘ ances and Bounties paid thereout; and for granting other

‘ Drawbacks, Allowances and Bounties the is found insufficient

to answer the Purpose intended; and it is expedient to grant a further Allowance of Salt, and to make further provisions in respect to Salt to be used in curing and preserving Pilchards and Scads;’ Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Fifth 536 lbs. of pure Day of July One thousand eight hundred and two, all and every of PU°

Fish Curer or Fish Curers to whom any Salt shall have been or chards. shall be delivered for the Purpose of curing and preserving Fish, shall, in lieu and in stead of all former Allowance of Salt for curing and preserving Pilchards and Scads, be allowed a Credit equal to Three hundred and thirty six Pounds of pure Salt for every Cask or Vessel containing Fifty Gallons of Pilchards or Scads, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity; any Thing in the said Act of Parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Salt shall be used or applied in the curing and preserving of Pilchards or Scads more than twice, and that in taking Account of Salt which shall have been only once used in the curing and preserving of Pilchards or Scads, Credit shall be given or allowed to all and every such Fish Curer or Fish Curers for such Salt so once used as aforesaid, as containing of pure Salt in the Proportion of Three Parts in Four of the whole Quantity and no more; and all and every the Officers or Officer of Excise shall, in taking Account of and balancing the Stocks of Salt in the Custody or Possession of Fish Curers, either give Credit for and make his or their Computations upon and according to the several and respective Proportions before mentioned.

XXII. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to

His Majesty certain additional Duties onBricks and Tiles made

tand imported into Great Britain, certain Tiles therein described,

and which shall be made for the sole Purpose of draining wet or marshy Lands, are exempted from the Duties chargeable on Tiles: And Whereas it is expedient to allow Tiles of a less

Length to be made for such Purpose free of Duty Be it there-

fore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it Draining Tiles shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatso- ^hL^cTe6 ever to make for the sole Purpose of draining wet or marshy onlyinLength, Lands, free of the Duties of Excise, Tiles not less than Nine being of the Inches long, such Tiles being in every other respect of the De- other Dimen-scription and Dimensions prescribed and directed by the said sions mentioned Act (a), any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament contained to V\f4 c'15' the contrary notwithstanding. ( a) 46 G.3. c. 138. § 3,4.

55 G. 3. c. 176. 1 4' 2 G.4. c. 102. § 2.—How Penalties under this Act levied and applied, 43 G. 3. c.l 30. § 2.]

No Salt to be used in curing Pilchards, &c. more than twice, &c.

C. 94.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

574

Duties and Drawbacks on Paper, &c. made to cease.

(Exceptions.)

Proviso for Sheathing or Button Paper,

&c. 5

and for Books of Irish Officers of State, and Members of Parliament.

Drawbacks.

CAP. XCIV.

An Act for repealing certain Duties on Paper, Pasteboards, Millboards, Scaleboards and Glazed Paper, imported into or made in Great Britain; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

[26th June 1802.]

WHEREAS certain Duties of Customs and Excise are now payable for and in respect of Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard,

‘ Scaleboard, Glazed Paper, and Books, Maps and Prints, imported into Great Britain;and for and in respect of Paper, Pasteboard,

Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper made in Great Britain; i and certain Drawbacks or Allowances are now payable out of the said Duties: And Whereas it is expedient to repeal the said

Duties, Drawbacks and Allowances, and to grant other Duties

and other Drawbacks and Allowances in lieu thereof Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of One thousand eight hundred and two, all and singular the said Duties, Drawbacks and Allowances, save and except the Duties now payable on printed, painted or stained Paper, to serve for Hangings or other Uses, and also save and except the Duties of Customs on Books, Maps and Prints imported into Great

shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable, save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which may at any Time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any Time before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and two.

" Other Duties, payable by Importer or Maker. § 2.

[Duties of Customs and Excise respectively made to cease, 43 G. 3. c. 68, 69.]

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the Duty by this Act granted, any Paper commonly called and known by the Names of S Paper ox Button Paper, or Button Board, made in Great Britain, or made in Ireland, and imported directly from thence into Great Britain; nor to any bound Books which shall be the sole and entire Property of any Officer of State in Ireland, or any Member of either of the Houses of Parliament, which shall be imported into Great Britain from Ireland for the sole and entire Use of such Officer of State, or Member of either House of Parliament respectively, and not as Merchandize or for Sale; any Thing herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and two, the several and respective Drawbacks herein after mentioned shall be made, allowed and paid upon the Terms and Conditions, and under, subject and according to the Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Restrictions, Clauses, Penalties and Forfeitures contained in any Act

or

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 94.

575

or Acts of Parliament, Law or Laws now in force in relation to the Duties on Paper; (that is to say,) [Drawbacks made to cease, 43 G.3. c. 68.

" Drawback shall be the same as the Duty actually paid. § 5.

- [Exp.-]

VI. And whereas it is expedient to grant a Drawback or Allowance to Clothiers, Hot Pressers and other Persons concerned

in the Woollen Manufactures, for or in respect of Paper commonly called or known by the Names of Glazed Paper and Press

‘ Paper, used or employed in pressing Woollen Cloths or Stuffs

Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of Drawback July One thousand eight hundred and two, a Drawback or Allow- allowed to ance of the whole Duty charged or chargeable on such Glazed pressergSand0t Papers and Press Papers, as shall be actually and bond used, other persons employed and consumed in the pressing of Woollen Cloths or in the Woollen Stuffs, shall be made and paid on the Terms and Conditions herein- Manufactory, after mentioned; (that is to say,) that every Person who shall in- Glazed tend to apply for or claim any such Drawback or Allowance for coitions* e Glazed Paper or Press Paper, shall, before he, she or they shall herein speci-begin to make Use of any Glazed Paper or Press Paper, produce fied. the same in the original Cover or Wrapper in which such Glazed Paper and Press Paper respectively was charged with Duty, to the proper Officer of Excise, and shall give to such Officer a Notice in Writing specifying the Day and Hour on which he, she or they intends or intend to produce such Glazed Paper or Press Paper, and also the Quantity of such Glazed Paper or Press Paper so intended to be produced, and the Name and Residence of the Maker or other Person from whom the same was received, and the particular Time when received; and such Person shall untie and open all such Glazed Paper and Press Paper in the Presence of such Officer, who shall examine and take Account thereof, and shall destroy the Duty Stamp on the Covers or Wrappers of the same; and upon Application to the proper Collector of Excise, as soon as any such Glazed Paper or Press Paper shall have been so long or so much used as to be incapable of being again used or employed for any Purpose whatever (such Application not being made oftener than twice in each Year), stating in Writing the actual Quantity of such Glazed Paper and Press Paper so used as aforesaid, and making Oath before such Collector of Excise (which Oath every Collector of Excise is hereby authorized and empowered to administer), of the real Quantity of such Glazed Paper or Press Paper so used or employed as aforesaid, that the same has been actually and bond Jide used or employed in the pressing of Woollen Cloths or Stuffs by him, her or them, who shall apply for or claim any such Drawback or Allowance, and for no other Purpose whatsoever, and that all such Glazed Paper or Press Paper, and every Part thereof, is by such Use rendered or become unfit for any other Purpose whatsoever, and that no Drawback or Allowance has been before had or received for such Glazed Paper or Press Paper, or any Part thereof; then and in such Case such Collector of Excise shall pay or allow to the Person or Persons entitled to receive the same a Drawback of the Duties which shall have been charged 'or paid for such Glazed Paper or Press Paper, without any Fee, Reward or Deduction whatever,

576

C. 94.

42° GEO. III.

A.D. 1802.

Discount allowed instead of Discount of 41. 10a. per Cent, on the Duties on Newspapers under 41 G. 3. (U. K.) c. 10. § 10.

57 G. 3. c. 90. $ 93, Sec.

Duties of Customs and Excise to be under the Management of the respective Commissioners of Customs and Excise in England and Scotland respectively.

Brown Paper made of old Ropes, &c. deemed Paper of Second Class.

All other Paper of First Class. (Exception.)

No Pasteboard to be made except of Paper that has paid Excise Duties, and unused.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and two, in lieu and instead of the Allowance by Way of Discount of Four Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum (on the Sums payable for Duties imposed on Newspapers), granted by an Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting His Majesty additional Stamp Duties on Bills of Promissory Notes and Insurances, and on certain Indentures,

Bonds or other Deeds, an Allowance by. Way of Discount of Eighteen Shillings only for every One hundred Pounds (in Addition to the Sixteen Pounds per Centum in the said last recited Acts mentioned) shall be allowed on the Sums payable for such Duties on Newspapers, in like Manner, and under the like Conditions, as are in the said recited Act, and an Act made in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty's any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

" But for Three Months the Discount of 41. 10s. per Cent, shall be allowed where the full Duty under former Acts has been paid. §8.

[Exp.]

IX. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Duties of Customs by this Act granted as shall arise or become due in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs in England, for the Time being; and such thereof as shall arise or become due in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs in Scotland, for the Time being; and that such of the Duties of Excise by this Act granted as shall arise or become due in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England, for the Time being; and such of the said Duties of Excise as shall arise or become due in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, for the Time being.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Brown Paper made of old Ropes or Cordage only, without separating or extracting the Pitch or Tar therefrom, and without any Mixture of other Materials therewith, shall be deemed and taken to be Paper of the Second Class or Denomination, and shall be chargeable and charged with Duty accordingly; and that all other Paper whatever (Glazed Paper for Clothiers and Plot Pressers excepted) shall be deemed and taken to be Paper of the First Class or Denomination, and shall be chargeable and charged with the Duty by this Act imposed on Paper of the First Class or Denomination; any Thing in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and two, no Pasteboard shall be made in Great Britain of or from any Material or Materials whatever, save and except Paper which shall have been charged with the full Duties of Excise payable thereon, and which shall not have been written or printed on or previously used for any Purpose whatever, on pain of forfeiting all the Pasteboard which shall be so made of or from any other Material or Materials than aforesaid, and also of all the Implements and Utensils, and

Materials

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 94.

577

Materials and Preparations employed or used in making such Pasteboard, and also the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and all Penalty tool, such Pasteboard, Implements and Utensils, and Materials, and &c* Preparations shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise. \_What Mahers this Section is to extend to, 56. 3.

c. 103. § 13.]

XII. And be it further enacted, That before any Maker or pastcboaixl Makers of Pasteboard shall begin to make any Paper into Paste- Makers to proboard, he, she or they shall produce to the proper Officer or Officers duce to Officers of Excise all such Paper as shall by him, her or them be intended paE^c-^t^e(i to be made into Pasteboard in the original Covers or Wrappers in to be made ;ntrt which the same was charged, and having the Excise Duty Stamp Pasteboard, and fair and legible on each Ream thereof, and shall take the said to give Notice Covers or Wrappers from the said Paper in the Presence of such for fiiat f>ur-Officer, who shall thereupon take Account of such Paper, and of pose’

the Quantity and Weight thereof, and shall destroy the Duty Stamp on each and every of the said Covers and Wrappers; and to the Intent that such Officer may be enabled to attend and examine, and take Account of such Paper, every and all such Maker or Makers of Pasteboard shall give to the proper Officer of Excise Twenty four Hours Notice in Writing of his Intention to produce such Paper, and shall specify in such Notice the true Quantity of Paper intended to be produced, and the Day and Hour when he intends so to produce the same; and if any such Maker or Makers of Pasteboard shall neglect or refuse to give such Notice as aforesaid, or shall use or employ any Paper in the making of Pasteboard before the same shall have been produced to and taken Account of by such proper Officer or Officers as aforesaid, every such Maker of Pasteboard shall for each and every such Offence for- Penalty tool, feit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty Makers of fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, no Pasteboard not Maker or Makers of Pasteboard shall carry on the Trade or Busi- to be a ^aPer ness of a Maker of Paper, nor shall any Maker or Makers of Paste- carbon Busi-board be allowed to set up or carry on the Trade, Business or nes^within T Manufacture of making Pasteboard, within the Distance of One quarter of a Quarter of a Mile of any Mill or Manufactory for the making of Mile of any Paper, on pain of forfeiting, in each and every such Case respec- Paper Mill,&c. tively, the Sum of One hundred Pounds; any Thing in this Act or Penalty look any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That Paste- Pasteboard deboard legally made in Great Britain, wholly of Paper, which shall scribed not to have been duly charged with the Duties payable thereon, shall not Pay further be charged or chargeable with any further or other Duties imposed Duty‘

by this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament.

XV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Paper, Paste-Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and two, all Paper, board, &c. to Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, which shall be made upi? be made in Great Britain, or which shall be made in Ireland and ^"ted hefem imported from thence into Great Britain, shall be made up by the

Maker or Makers thereof, in the Manner herein after mentioned;

(that is to say,) all such Paper, as soon as made, shall be forthwith made up into Quires, each such Quire to consist of Twenty four Sheets; and such Quires shall be forthwith made up into Reams,

each

578

C. 94.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

antiput up in Covers as under 34 G. 3. c. 20.

§ 7, &c.

Class of Paper to be marked on Coyer.

Maker, &c. refusing so to make up such Paper, or altering the same, &c.

each such Ream to consist of Twenty such Quires; and all such Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper respectively, shall, as soon as made, be forthwith made up in regular Parcels, each such Parcel containing even Dozens of Sheets of One and the same Denomination, and of equal Dimensions, and not less than Twenty four nor more than Seventy two such Sheets in each such Parcel; and every and all such Maker or Makers shall, by him, her or themselves, or by his, her or their Servants, cause all such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper respectively, to be immediately tied up in Covers or Wrappers, conformably in every Respect to the Directions provided and contained in an Act of Parliament passed in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled Act for

repealing the Duties on Papery Pas, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, and for granting other Duties in thereof; and shall thereupon, without Delay, denominate, mark, write or print on each such Cover or Wrapper of Paper, in large legible Characters, and in Words at Length, the Class of the Paper enclosed in such Cover or Wrapper, distinguishing in which of the Two Classes of Paper herein-before mentioned the Duty for or in respect of such Paper is chargeable, together with the true Number of such Ream of Paper, according to the Number of such Reams of Paper of each such Class, made by such Maker or Makers at such Mill during the current Quarter of a Year, to be computed from the Fifth Day of, the Fifth Day of the Fifth Day of July and the Tenth Day of, as the Case

may require, in such Year; such Number to be taken progressively, beginning One, Two, and so onwards, according to the Number of Reams of Paper of each Class made at such Mill in each such Quarter of a Year and that on each such Parcel of Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper respectively, there shall in like Manner, as soon as the same be tied up in the Manner herein-before directed, be denominated, marked, written or printed in large and legible Characters, and in Words at Length, the true Description of such Parcel, and whether such Parcel is Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, and the Number of Sheets in each such Parcel, together with the true progressive Number of such Parcel of Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, made by such Maker or Makers at his, her or their respective Mills or Manufactures, during the then current Quarter of a Year, commencing as aforesaid; and if any Maker or Makers of Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, shall neglect or refuse to make and tie up, and denominate all such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper in the Manner herein-before directed for the Space of Twenty four Hours after such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper shall be made; or if any such Maker or Makers, after any such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper shall be so made and tied up, and marked and denominated as aforesaid, and before the same shall be respectively charged by the proper Officer, shall untie or take the same out of the Cover or Wrappers, or otherwise alter any Reams or Parcels, or the Denominations, Descriptions or Numbers marked, written or printed thereon, or on the Covers or Wrappers thereof respectively, or

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 94.

579

after the same shall have been so made and tied up, and marked and denominated as aforesaid, and before charged by the proper Officer; or if any such Maker or Makers as aforesaid shall hide or conceal, or take away or remove any such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper from or out of the Mill Room or other Place entered for making, laying or keeping the same, every such Maker or Makers so offending shall for each and every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, together with all such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, which he, she or they shall so neglect or refuse to make and tie up, and mark and denominate as aforesaid, or which he, she or they shall so untie or take out of the Covers or Wrappers, or of which he, she or they shall alter the Denomination, Description or Number, or which he, she or they shall hide or conceal, or take away or remove from or out of the Mill Room or other Place entered for making, laying or keeping the same as aforesaid; and all such Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise: Provided always, that all and every Maker or Makers of Paper shall be at Liberty to make his, her or their Paper into Quires without folding the same, such Quires when made up into Reams, being separated by a Slip of Coloured Paper placed between each Quire, and visible on the Outside of the Ream: And provided also, that the Outside Quires of each and every Ream of Paper shall and may consist of any Number of Sheets not less than Twenty nor exceeding Twenty four, at the Option of the Maker or Makers of such Paper; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and two, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Maker or Makers of Paper to divide with a Knife or other Instrument, before such Paper shall be put or tied up in Reams: Provided always, that the Quantity of such Paper, upon which the Duty may be chargeable, shall not be in any Respect lessened or diminished thereby, and provided also that all Paper, which shall be so divided, shall, on the Outside of the Cover or Wrapper containing the same, be distinguished by the Words Cut Pajper, being marked, written or printed thereon in large legible Characters by the Maker or Makers thereof respectively; any Thing in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons who shall be convicted of wilfully taking a false Oath, in any of the Cases in which an Oath is required to be taken by virtue of this Act or any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act, in order to obtain any Drawback or Allowance by this Act granted, shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties to which Persons are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Duties of Customs and Excise, and Drawbacks and Allowances respectively granted by this Act, shall (except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act) be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, recovered, answered and paid, adjudged, mitigated and allowed in

Penalty 2001. and Forfeiture of Paper, &c.

Paper may be made into Quires without folding it, &c.

Outside Quires.

Paper may be cut before put or tied up in Reams, if Quantity chargeable be not lessened, and marked ‘Cut Paper/

Perjury. Oaths for Drawback.

Duties' and Drawbacks (Exception) to be managed a? the like Duties and Drawbacks

580

C. 94.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

under former Acts.

Goods to be under like Regulations, and subject to like Forfeitures.

Penalties of Death, c. under former Acts extended to this.

For Paper delivered after July 5. 1802, on Contracts prior thereto, an Equivalent to the Duty to be deducted.

Duties to be carried to the Consolidated Fund.

such and the like Manner, and in or by any or either of the Means, Ways or Methods respectively, by which the like respective Duties of Customs and Excise, and Drawbacks and Allowances were or might be raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated and allowed by any Act or Acts now in force relating to the Duties of Customs and Excise respectively; and that all the Goods, Wares, Merchandizes or Commodities so by this Act respectively made liable to the Payment of or chargeable with Duties of Customs or Excise respectively, or so entitled to Drawbacks or Allowances, shall be, and the same are hereby made subject and liable (except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act) to all and every the Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions and Forfeitures respectively, to which Goods, Wares or Merchandize in' general, and also all and every the special Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Forfeitures respectively, to which the like Goods, Wares or Merchandizes respectively, were subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act, respecting the Duties of Customs and Excise respectively; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, as well Pains of Death (a) as others, for any Offence whatsoever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at and immediately before the Commencement of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Customs or Excise respectively, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Powers, Directions, Clauses, Matters and Things therein contained (unless where expressly altered by this Act), shall and the same are hereby respectively directed and declared to extend to, and the same respectively shall be applied, practised and put in Execution, for and in respect of the said Duties of Customs and Excise and Drawbacks hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample Manner to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things respectively, were particularly repeated and reenacted in the Body of this Act. (a) [ See52 G. 3. 143. § 9.]

XIX. And Whereas Contracts may have been made before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and two, by Makers of or Dealers in Paper, for serving Paper to be delivered in Point of Time after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and two Be it therefore enacted, That such Makers of or Dealers in Paper serving such Paper after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and two, in pursuance of such former Contracts, shall add or deduct, as the Case may be, a Sum equivalent equal to Difference between the Duties by this Act granted, and the Duties hereby repealed, for or in respect of such Paper, from the Contract Price of such Paper, and the Person or Persons having contracted for the Sale or Purchase of such Paper shall be entitled to such Excess or Deduction according as the Case may be.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Duties by this Act imposed (the necessary Charges of raising or accounting for the same excepted), shall from Time to Time,

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 94, 95. 581

be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at minster, and the said Money so paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That out of the Monies arising or to arise by the Rates and Duties by this Act granted, after setting apart at the Receipt of the Exchequer quarterly the Sum of Eighteen thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds, in Manner and for the Purpose directed by an Act passed in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the Duties on Paste-

board, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof the further Su n of Thirty three thousand six hundred and fifty eight Pounds, being One Fourth Part of the annual Average Produce for Three Years, ending the Fifth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, of the Remainder of the Rates and Duties by the said recited Act granted, shall be reserved and set apart at the said Receipt at the End of every Quarter of a Year after the passing of this Act; that is to say on the Tenth Day of October, the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, and the Fifth Day of in every Year, for the Remainder of the Period of Ten Years in the said last recited Act mentioned, in Manner and according to the Directions and Provisions of the said recited Act, and for the Purposes therein mentioned; and after setting apart the several Sums above mentioned, or so much as shall be sufficient, the Remainder of the Monies arising or to arise by the Rates and Duties hereby granted, shall at the End of each such Quarter as aforesaid, be entered in the separate Account directed to be kept at the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard and Scaleboard, made or imported into Great Britain; and on Tea imported into and sold in Great Britain, and shall be set apart as an Addition made to the publick Revenue for the Purposes in the said last recited Act mentioned.

CAP. XCV.

An Act for repealing the Duties, granted by an Act made in this Session of Parliament, on Spermaceti Oil, Blubber, Train Oil, Fish Oil or Oil of Seals, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for repealing the Duties granted by the said Act, on Linen Yarn made of Flax, and on Goods, Wares or Merchandize imported by the East India Company, and exported from the Warehouse in which the same shall have been secured; for exempting Stone, the Produce of Guernsey, Jersey, Ald, Sark or Man, from

Duty; and for permitting Merchandize, the Produce of any of the Colonies ceded to the French and Batavian Re-publicks, to be imported for Three Years from the passing of this Act, upon Payment of certain Duties.

[26th June 1802.]

Qq

Application of Duties; viz. after reserving 18,7501. under 34 G. 3. c 20. § .58. and 53,8581. quarterly.

The Remainder to be entered and applied as under 41 G. 3. (U. K.) c. 8.

§ 10.

42 Geo. III.

582

c. 45. ante.

Duties granted by recited Act on Spermaceti Oil, Blubber and Train Oil repealed.

The Duty imposed by recited Act on Raw Linen Yam imported, repealed.

c. 95. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty

i certain Duties on Goods imported into and exported from Great Britain; and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels entering *wards or Inwards in any Port of Great Britain to or from Foreign Parts, amongst other Things the following Duties are imposed

on the Importation of Blubber and Oil respectively; (that is to say,) on Spermaceti Oil, the Ton, containing Two hundred and

fifty two Gallons, a Duty of Two Pounds Twelve Shillings and

Eight Pence: on Blubber, not of Newfoundland, the Ton, containing Two hundred and fifty two Gallons, a Duty of Thirteen

Shillings and Six Pence; and on Train Oil, Fish Oil or Oil of

Seals or other Creatures living in the Seas, not otherwise enumerated or described in the said Act, the Ton, containing Two hundred and fifty two Gallons, a Duty of One Pound and i Three Pence: And Whereas it is expedient to repeal the said i Duties and to impose other Duties in lieu thereof Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Twelfth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, the aforesaid Duties imposed by the said recited Act, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed, save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering or paying any Arrears thereof, which may remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any Time befdre the passing of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twelfth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, in lieu and instead of the said Duties hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in ready Money, without any Discount whatever, upon the Importation of Blubber and Oil respectively, the following Duties.

[Duties made to cease, 43 G. 3. c. 68.]

III. And Whereas by the said recited Act, amongst other Things, a Duty is imposed upon the Importation of Raw Linen

Yarn made of Flax, at the Rate of Three Pounds Twelve Shillings for every One hundred Pounds of the true and real

Value of such Yarn: And Whereas it is expedient that the said

Duty should be repealed Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Twelfth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two, the aforesaid Duty, imposed by the said recited Act upon the Importation of Raw Linen Yarn made of Flax, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed; (save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering or paying any Arrears thereof which may remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any Time before the passing of this Act).

IV. And Whereas by the said recited Act certain Duties are imposed on the Importation of Goods, Wares and Merchandize, i by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the

East Indies: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Duties,

imposed by the said recited Act, should not be charged or

chargeable upon any Goods, Wares or Merchandize imported

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 95. 583

by the East India Company, and warehoused and exported directly from the Warehouse or Warehouses in which the same shall have been respectively lodged or secured according to the 4Laws in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act Be it therefore enacted, That the aforesaid Duties imposed by the said recited Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, shall not be charged or chargeable upon the Importation of any Goods, Wares and Merchandize, by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East, in case such

Goods shall be warehoused and exported directly from the Warehouse or Warehouses in which the same shall have been respectively lodged or secured according to the Laws in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Duties hereby imposed, shall and may be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, secured, recovered, appropriated and applied in such and the like Manner, and in and by such and the like Ways, Means or Methods, by which the Duties of Customs hereby repealed on the like Goods, Wares or Merchandize imposed and payable by an Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament in force, on and immediately before the passing of this Act, were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, secured, recovered, appropriated and applied; and the Goods, Wares or Merchandize so by this Act made chargeable with the said Duties, shall be and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, to which any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, upon which any Duties of Customs are imposed and payable, were subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force, on or immediately before the passing of this Act; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture for any Offence whatever, committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force, on or immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Customs or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, shall and they are hereby directed and declared to extend to and shall be respectively applied, practised and put in Execution, for and in respect of the Duties hereby charged as far as the same are applicable thereto, in as full and ample a Manner to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and reenacted in the Body of this present Act.

VI. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs on, Stone and

amongst other Things, certain Duties are imposed upon all Stone the Production of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man: And Whereas it is expedient that all Stone, cut or manufactured into Burr Stones, and all Stones used for the Purpose of paving, or for the Purpose of making or mending Roads, being the Production of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, should be exempt from the Payment of Duty Be it therefore enacted, That all such Stones

Duties of c. 45. ante, recited Act on East India Goods imported, not charged if they be warehoused and exported directly therefrom.

Duties levied, and applied as Duties, under 27 G. 5. c.] 5. &c.

54 G. 5. C. 51.

§2.

584

C. 95, 96.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Burr Stones and Paving Stones of Guernsey, &c. exempt from Duty by recited Act, on being entered, &c.

and subject to Regulations in recited Act.

Such Stone to lie accompanied with a Certificate, &c.

Oath of Importer of such (5 ood s to be as for West India Goods.

EXP.

shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be, exempt from the Duty b}' the said recited Act; provided the Proprietor or Proprietors, or Consignee or Consignees thereof shall, previous to the same being unshipped or landed from on board the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall have been imported, make, with the proper Officer of the Customs at the Port or Place where the same shall be imported, a regular Entry of such Goods, and shall make Oath thereon before the Officer, who is hereby authorized and required to administer the same, that such Goods are of the Denomination or Description aforesaid; and with respect to paving Stones, that the same are intended for the Purposes of being made Use of in paving or making or mending of Roads only.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Stone exempt from Duty by this Act, shall be subject and liable to such and the like Conditions, Restrictions, Forfeitures and Penalties, as are prescribed, directed and imposed by the said recited Act, as fully nnd effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if all the Clauses, Powers, Directions and Authorities of the said recited Act were particularly repeated and reenacted in the body of this present Act.

VIII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to permit the Importation from Guernsey, Jersey, Sark or Man, of any Stone as aforesaid, Duty Free, unless such Stone shall be accompanied with a Certificate or Certificates ascertaining the same to be the Production of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, respectively, according to the Laws in force on and immediately before the passing of the said recited Act of the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

" For Three Years, Goods, the produce of Colonies in America " ceded to Prance, &c. may be imported on Payment of Duties " as from the British West Indies. § 9. {_Exp.~\

X. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That the Importer or Importers of such Goods from any of the said Colonies or Plantations herein-before mentioned, shall make Oath before the Collector and Comptroller of His Majesty's Customs at the Port of Importation in this Kingdom (which Oath such Collector and Comptroller are hereby empowered to administer), that to the best of his or their Knowledge and Belief, the Goods so imported are really and bond Jide the Growth, Production or Manufacture of the said respective Colonies or Plantations; and on Default of such Oath the Goods so imported shall be subject to the Payment of the like Duties as they would be liable to if imported from any Foreign West India Island; and such Goods shall upon Importation into this Kingdom be subject and liable to the like Securities, Restrictions, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures, in all other Respects not altered by this Act, as they would be liable to if they were shipped at and imported from any British Island in the West Indies.

CAP. XCVI.

An Act to authorize the Commissioners of Excise to order the Restoration of exciseable Goods seized or detained by Officers of Excise, (a) [26th June 1802.]

(a) [ Until 2 5th March 1803.]

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. TIL

C. 97— 99.

585

CAP. XCVII.

An Act to authorize the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury in Great Britain, and the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury in Ireland, to order the Use of the Hydrometers now employed in the Management of the Revenues, to be discontinued, and other Instruments to be used instead thereof.

[26th June 1802.]

[Repealed 56 G. 3. c. 110. § 1. See 58 3. c. 28. § 1.]

CAP. XCVIII.

An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, Two Acts made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament, for the further Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle Man;and for improving the Revenue thereof.

[2 6 tli 1802.]

CAP. XCIX.

An Act for allowing the stamping certain Deeds until the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and two; for amending an Act passed in the Thirty sixth 56g. s. r. 52. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to Duties on Legacies and Shares of Personal Estates; for exempting certain Legacies from the l)a},ment of Duty; for reducing the Allowances on present Payment of Stamp Duties; and for reducing certain Stamp Duties on Policies for Sea Insurances.

[26th June 1802.]

Persons sending to the Stamp Office before. 31. 1802,

" Indentures and other Deeds stamped as required by Law before " July 5. 1801, may have the same stamped under 41 G.3. (U. K.)

" c. 10. 86. on Payment of the Additional Duties only without " any Penalty. § 1.

[Exp 5]

II. AND be it further enacted, That in every Case in which any where Exe-Executor or Executors, or Administrator or Administrators, shall cutors, &c. have not have paid the Duties granted and payable upon or in respect not Pai<l Duties of any Legacies, or any Personal Estate, or any Share or Shares on legacies of any Personal Estate, of any Persons dying intestate, by and in pursuance of an Act passed in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign Court of Ex-of His present Majesty, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament chequer may relating to Duties on Legacies or Shares of Personal Estates, grai.u a Rule within proper and reasonable Time, it shall be lawful for His ^ainst SLlch Majesty's Court of Exchequer, upon Application to be made for that herein meix^ Purpose on Behalf of the Commissioners appointed for managing tioned. the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper, on such

5S6

Registrars of Ecclesiastical Courts, within One Month after being required, to deliver Account of Wills, ike. in their Custody, to Stamp Office.

Penalty 50l.

Allowance of 41. per Cent, on Stamps under 5 G. c, 46. § 6. and 7 G. 5. c. 44.

§ 9. or any other Act, after July 5. 1802, to cease;

C. 99. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Affidavit or Affidavits as to the said Court may appear to be sufficient, to grant a Rule, requiring such Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators to show Cause why he, she or they should not deliver to the said Commissioners an Account, upon Oath, of all the Legacies, or of the Personal Property, respectively paid, or to be paid or administered by him, her or them, as the Case may be, and why the Duties on any such Legacies, or any Shares or Residue of any such Personal Estate, have not been paid or should not be forthwith paid according to Law, and to make any such Rule of Court absolute in every Case in which the same may appear to the said Court to be proper and necessary for the better enforcing the Payment of any of the said Duties.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper, to require of every Register or other Officer of any Ecclesiastical Court having the Custody or Care of any Wills proved in any such Court, or Account or Register of any Administrations granted in any such Court, an Account of all such Wills and Letters of Administration, together with the Particulars relating thereto, and Extracts from any such Wills, as may seem necessary to such Commissioners, on Payment of such Fees as shall be agreed upon for the same, or as, in Case of any Dispute, shall be settled and allowed by the Ecclesiastical Court for that Purpose; and every such Officer as aforesaid is hereby authorized and required, within One Month after any such Requisition so made by the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, or by any Person authorized by them for that Purpose, to make out and deliver such Account as aforesaid; and if any such Register or other Officer as aforesaid shall refuse or neglect to make out and deliver any such Account as aforesaid, within One Month after any Demand made as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully make out and deliver any false Account, every such Register or other Officer shall forfeit for every such Offence Fifty Pounds, to be recovered by Information in the Name of His Majesty's Attorney General, to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors.

" The Legacies of A. Morris Storer Esq. of Books, &c. to Eton " College, and the Legacy of S. Whitbread Esq. of 8,000l. for a " publick Hospital in Bedfordshire, exempted from Duty. § 4.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Allowance after the Rate of Four Pounds in One hundred Pounds per Annum for Six Months, authorized to be made by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for altering the Stamp Duties upon Admissions into Corporations or Companies; and for further securing and improving the Stamp Duties in Great Britain, and by another Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for altering the Stamp Duties upon Policies of Assurance; and for reducing the Allowance to be made in respect of the prompt Payment of the Stamp Duties on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale and other exciseable Liquors; and for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs; and

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 99. 587

by any other Act or Acts relating to any Stamp Duties, whereby any like Allowance, not exceeding the Amount aforesaid, is allowed or authorized to be made to every Person who shall at One Time bring to be stamped, or buy of the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties, on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, the Duties whereof shall amount to Ten Pounds and upwards, upon the present Payment of the said Duties shall from and after the Fifth Day of July next cease and determine.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and two, in stead and in lieu of such Allowance, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, and they are hereby required on Demand thereof, to allow and pay in Great Britain, to every Person who shall at One Time bring to be stamped, or buy of the said Commissioners Vellum, Parchment or Paper charged with any Stamp Duties, upon which any Allowance to the Amount aforesaid has been heretofore allowed and paid by such Commissioners as aforesaid, the Duties whereof shall, in the Whole, amount to Thirty Pounds, the Sum of Nine Shillings and no more, for such Amount of Thirty Pounds as aforesaid; and the further Sum of One Shilling and Six Pence and no more, for every further Amount of Five Pounds, above such Thirty Pounds aforesaid, upon the present Payment of the said Duties at the Head Office for marking or stamping Vellum, Parchment and Paper; Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to alter or repeal any Provisions or Powers in any Act or Acts relating to the allowing and paying any greater or different Allowance, in relation to any Stamp Duties in respect whereof any greater or different Allowance than aforesaid is allowed and directed to be given or made by any Act or Acts of Parliament.

VII. And Whereas it is expedient that the Duties now payable on Policies of Insurance should be reduced in all Cases where the Premium, or Consideration in Nature of a Premium,

actually and bona fide paid, given or contracted for, shall not exceed the Rate of Twenty Shillings for every Hundred Pounds

insured;’ Be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and two, in every Case where the Premium, or Consideration in the Nature of a Premium, actually and bond fide paid, given or contracted for, shall not exceed the Rate of Twenty Shillings for every or any One hundred Pounds insured, the respective Proportions of the Duties granted and imposed by the respective Acts herein after mentioned; (that is to say,) One Half of the Stamp Duty of Two Shillings and Sixpence granted and imposed by an Act passed in the Thirty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Sea Insurances, and also One Half of the additional Stamp Duty

of Two Shillings and Sixpence granted and imposed by an Act passed in the Forty First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes and

and on certain Indentures, Leases, Bonds or other, upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece

[Sic. R

And instead thereof, 9s. allowed on 50l. and Is 6d. on every 5l. more.

Other Allowances shall not be affected by this Act.

Where the Premium on Insurances shall not exceed 20s. per Cent. One Half of the Two Stamp Duties of 2s, 6d. under 55 G. 5. c. 65. §4. and 41G c. 10. (U. K.) to cease; and Duties to be paid as on Insurances, where the Premium does not exceed 10s. per Cent.

588

C. 99, 100.

42° GEO. III.

A.D. 1802.

One Stamp of 5s. may be used for every 2001. instead of Two Stamps of 2s. 6d.

of Paper, upon which any Insurance upon any Ship or Ships, Goods or Merchandize, or upon any other Property or Interest whereon Insurance may lawfully be made, shall be engrossed, printed or written, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable: and that from and after the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and two, there shall be payable and paid upon all and every Insurance or Insurances, where the Premium, or Consideration in Nature of a Premium, actually and bona Jide. paid, given or contracted for, shall not exceed he Pate of Twenty Shillings for every or any One hundred Pounds, or Sum not amounting to One hundred Pounds, or any progressive Sums of One hundred Pounds, or any fractional Part of One hundred Pounds, such and the like Duties only, and under and subject to the like Rules and Regulations, as are in and b}r the said Two last recited Acts granted, imposed, enacted and made, upon Insurances where the Premium, or Consideration in the Nature of a Premium, actually and bona Jide paid, given or contracted for, shall not exceed the Rate of Ten Shillings per Centum on the Sum insured.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That upon all and every such Insurances or Insurance, where the Premium, or Consideration in the Nature of a Premium, actually and bond Jide paid, given or contracted for, shall not exceed the Rate of Twenty Shillings per Centum on the Sum insured, it shall be lawful in all Cases where the Sum insured shall amount to Two hundred Pounds or upwards, to use Stamps of Five Shillings for every Two hundred Pounds of the Sum insured, instead of Stamps of Two Shillings and Sixpence for every One hundred Pounds of the like Sum so insured.

[ See48 3. 149. 55 3. c. 184.]

CAP. C.

An Act for enlarging the Time for which Horses may be let to Hire without being subject to any annual Duty; for explaining and amending several Acts relating to the Duties on Horses, Servants and Carriages; and for authorizing the Allowance in the Accounts of the Receivers General of the several Sums advanced by them, in pursuance of the Acts for raising a Provisional Force of Cavalry, and not reimbursed to them by Assessment.

[26th June 1802.] " Auditor of Exchequer may allow Receivers General Money " advanced for Provisional Cavalry. § 15.

[Exp.]

[The rest of this Act repealed, 43 G. 3. c. 161. § 84.]

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 101.

589

CAP. ClI.

An Act for repealing the Rates and Duties of Postage upon Letters to and from France and the Batavian Republick from and to London, and for granting other Rates and Duties in lieu thereof; and for exempting from the Duty of Tonnage the Ships and Vessels to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters from France to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and

[26th 1802.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for establishing a General Post Office for all Her Majesty's Dominions, and for settling a Sum out of the Revenues

thereof for the Service of the War, and other Her Majesty's Occasions, certain Rates of Postage were authorized to be taken for the Port of Letters and Packets from France unto

and from the United Provinces unto London; and by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the Rates and Duties of Postage in Great Britain, and granting other Rates and Duties in lieu thereof, and on Letters conveyed to or from any Part of the United Kingdom from or to any Place out of the said Kingdom, and by Packet Boats from or to the Ports o/’Holyhead

and Milford Haven, certain additional Rates of Postage were granted r r the Conveyance of Letters and Packets to or from any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland,

from or to any Places out of the said Kingdom, not within His Majesty's Dominions: And Whereas it is expedient that the Rates of Postage upon Letters from France to London and from London to France, should be equalized, and that the Rates of Postage from the Batavian Republick to London, and from London to the Batavian Republick, should also be equalized:’ Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Rates of Postage now payable on the Conveyance of Letters and Packets to or from France and the Batavian Republick from or to London, shall from and after the passing of this Act, cease and determine; save and except in all Cases relating to the demanding, recovering, receiving, paying or accounting for any Arrears thereof respectively, which may at the Time of the passing of this Act remain unpaid, or any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture respecting the same, which shall have been incurred at any Time before the passing of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for His Majesty's Postmaster General, and his Deputy and Deputies by him thereunto sufficiently authorized, to and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to demand, have, receive and take for the Conveyance of all Letters and Packets which shall be conveyed, carried or sent by Post from London directed to any Part of France, and from any Part of France unto London, according to the several Rates and Sums herein after mentioned, the same being

rated

9 Anne, c. 10. §6.

41G. 3. (U.K.) c. 7.

Rates of Postage on Letters to or from France and the Batavian Republic from or to London to cease;

and the Rates herein mentioned to be paid.

590

C. 101, 102.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Rates.

Rates to be applied as former Rates.

c. 43. ante.

French Vessels conveying Mails exempted from Tonnage Duty Inwards, under § 17, and Schedule D. of recited Act.

J5XP.

rated by the Letter or by the Ounce; (that is to say,) for every single Letter Ten Pence, for every double Letter One Shilling and Eight Pence, for every treble Letter Two Shillings and Six Pence, and for every Ounce in Weight Three Shillings and Four Pence; and for the Conveyance of all Letters and Packets which shall be conveyed, carried or sent Post from London, directed to any Part of the Batavian Republick, and from any Part of the Batavian Republick unto London, according to the several Rates and Sums herein after mentioned, the same being rated by the Letter or by the Ounce; (that is to say,) for every single Letter One Shilling, for every double Letter Two Shillings, for every treble Letter Three Shillings, and for every Ounce in Weight Four Shillings.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies to arise by the Rates aforesaid, except the Monies which shall be necessary to defray such Expences as shall be incurred in the Collection and Management of the same, shall be appropriated and applied to such and the same Uses to which the like present Rates of Postage are by Law appropriated and made applicable.

IV. And Whereas an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Goods imported into and exported from Great Britain, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels entering Outwards or Inwards in any Port of Great Britain to or from Foreign Parts: And Whereas it is expedient to exempt Ships and Vessels employed by the French Republick to convey the Mails of Letters between the Two Countries from the Duties on Tonnage granted by the said Act on Ships and Vessels entering Inwards/ Be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said last recited Act as grants any Duties on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels entering Inwards, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed as to all Ships and Vessels which now are or hereafter shall be employed by or under the Authority of the French Republick in conveying Mails of Letters from France to any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, whilst actually employed in conveying such Mails.

CAP. CII.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to permit the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities into and from the Port of Road Harbour in the Island of

until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, and from thence until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament.

[26th June 1802.]

[ The Laws relating to Importation and Exportation into

and from certain Parts in the West Indies consolidated, 45 G. 3. c. 57.

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 103.

591

Cap. cm.

An Act to repeal the additional Duty of Six Pounds Centum on the Duties payable on the Importation into Ireland of certain Goods imported by Retailers or Consumers; and for repealing and reducing certain Duties on Policies of Insurance and Sea Insurances in Ireland.

[26th June 1802.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Parliament of ,40G. 5. c. 4.

in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, (L)

intituled An Act for granting for One Year the several Duties c e

therein mentioned, in lieu of all other Duties payable upon the Articles therein specified during the said Term, and for regulating the Trade between this Kingdom and His Majesty's Colonies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, by which several Duties are granted to His Majesty, payable upon the Importation into Ireland, during the Time therein limited, of several Goods,

Wares and Merchandizes, and amongst others, upon all Goods,

‘ Wares and Merchandizes, except Sugars imported into

by any Person being a Retailer or Consumer, an additional Duty after the Rate of Six Pounds per Centum on the Duties payable thereon respectively, over and above the Amount of such Duties: And Whereas the said additional Duty of Six c. 31. ante.

Pounds per Centum hath been continued until and upon the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three; and it is expedient that the same should be no longer

payable Therefore be it enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the Recited Duty said recited Act, or of any other Act, as grants or continues the repealed, said additional Duty of Six Pounds per, shall from and after Ten Days next after the passing of this Act, be and the same

is hereby repealed.

II. And Whereas by another Act, made in the Parliament of 40 G. 3. c. 10.

Ireland, in the Fortieth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, (* )

i intituled An Act for granting to His Maje, Heirs and cessors, several Duties therein mentioned, be levied by the -

‘ missioners for managing the Stamp Duties; a Stamp Duty of Four Shillings is granted on every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Piece or Sheet of Paper on which should be engrossed or written or printed any Policy of Insurance, and also a certain rateable Duty for all Insurances of Goods, Wares and Merchandizes from Dangers of or other Perils at Sea, which last mentioned Act, and the Duties thereby granted, were by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, continued until and upon the 41G. (U.K.)

‘ Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and c-17two: And Whereas by another Act made in the said last Session 41 G. 3. (U.K.)

of Parliament, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty,

until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and two, additional Stamp Duties in Ireland, on Bonds, Bills of Exchange, and Promissory Notes, and on certain Insurances

therein mentioned, and for Relief of Persons in Ireland holding obligatory Instruments called Kerry Ronds, which have been

cuted

592

[ c. 3l; ]

Duly of is. (under -10 G. 3. c. 10.) (I.) on Policies of Insurance repealed, and the rateable Duty only under tl at Act, and 41 G. 3. (U K.) c. 58. paid.

Additional Duty under 41G. 5.(U. K.)

c. 58. § 3. not charged on Insurances from any One Part of the United Kingdom to any other Part, &c.

Where the Premium on Irish Insurances shall not exceed 20s. per Cent. One Half of the Duty of Is. 6d. undgr 40 G. 3. c. 10.

§ I. (I.) and of

C. 103. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

‘ cuted ’without being duly stamped, certain additional Stamp Duties

in Ireland were granted on Insurances for insuring Ships, Goods,

Wares or Merchandize from the Dangers of or other Perils at Sea; and by an Act passed in this Session of Parliament, all the Duties and additional Duties by the said Acts granted are continued until and upon the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three: And Whereas according to the said Acts, a double Duty is imposed upon every Policy of Insuranee: that is to say, the said Duty of Four Shillings in respect of the Parchment or Paper on which the Policy of Insurance is written, and the other a rateable Duty according to the Amount of the Sum insured thereby: And Whereas it was intended that every Policy of Insurance should be subject only to the rateable Duty on the Sum insured Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said Act, made in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His Majesty, as granted the said Duty of Four Shillings on every Policy of Insurance, and of so much of the said other Acts as continues the same, shall from and after the passing of this Act, be and the same are hereby repealed; and that no other Duty shall be paid on any Insurance made in than the rateable

Duty according to the Sum which, by any such Policy shall be insured; any Thing in the said Acts or any of them to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And Whereas it is expedient that the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence of the additional Rate or Duty of Three Shillings and Sixpence, and also the additional Duty of One Shilling by the said Act of the said last Session of Parliament granted on Insurances of Ships, Goods, Wares or Merchandizes,

should not be charged on any Insurance herein after mentioned Be it therefore enacted, That the said additional Rate or Duty granted by the said Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, upon Insurances of Goods, Wares and Merchandizes from Dangers of or other Perils at Sea, shall not, from and after the passing of this Act, be charged or payable upon any Insurance of Ships, Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, or other Property or Interest, for any Voyage to or from any Part or Place of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey,

Alderney or Sark, or the Isle of Man, from or to any other Part or Place in the said Kingdom, or in the said Islands of

Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man; any Thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And Whereas it is expedient that the Duties payable by virtue of the said recited Acts, on Policies of Insurance made in Ireland, of Ships, Goods, Wares or Merchandizes from Dangers of or Perils at Sea, should be reduced in all Cases where the Premium shall not exceed the Rate of Twenty Shillings for every One hundred Pounds insured Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, in every Case where the Premium for any such Insurance shall not exceed the Rate of Twenty Shillings for every One hundred Pounds insured, One Half of the Stamp Duty of One Shilling and Sixpence granted and imposed upon such Policies of Insurance by the said last mentioned Act passed in the Fortieth Year of His Majesty's Reign, and also One Half of the

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 103, 104.

additional Stamp Duty of Three Shillings and Sixpence granted and imposed on such Policies of Insurance by the said Act passed in the Forty first Year of His Majesty's Reign, shall cease and be no longer payable; and that from and after the said Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, there shall, upon any Insurance made in Ireland on any Ships, Goods, Wares or Merchandizes from Dangers of or Perils at Sea, where the Premium, or Consideration in the Nature of a Premium, actually and bond fide paid, given or contracted for, shall not exceed the Rate of Twenty Shillings for every or any One hundred Pounds, or Sum not amounting to One hundred Pounds, or any progressive Sums of One hundred Pounds, or any fractional Part of One hundred Pounds, be paid or payable such and the like Duties only, and under and subject to the like Rules and Regulations as are, by the said recited Act, granted or imposed upon Insurances, where the Premium actually and bond paid shall not exceed the

Rate of Ten Shillings per Centum on the Sum insured; (that is to say), upon any such Insurance where the Premium, or Consideration in the Nature of a Premium, actually and bona,fide paid, given or contracted for, shall not exceed the Rate of Twenty Shillings; where the Sum to be insured shall amount to One hundred Pounds, a Stamp Duty of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and so progressively for every Sum of One hundred Pounds insured; and where the Sum to be insured shall not amount to One hundred Pounds, a Stamp Duty of Two Shillings and Sixpence; and where the Sum to be insured shall exceed One hundred Pounds, or any progressive Sum of One hundred Pounds each by any fractional Part of One hundred Pounds, a Stamp Duty of Two Shillings and Sixpence for such fractional Part of One hundred Pounds, to be paid by the assured in such Insurances respectively.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That upon every such Insurance where the Premium shall not exceed the Rate of Twenty Shillings per Centum on the Sum insured, it shall be lawful, where the Sum shall amount to Two hundred Pounds or upwards, to use Stamps of Five Shillings for every Two hundred Pounds of the Sum insured, instead of Stamps of Two Shillings and Sixpence for every One hundred Pounds of the Sum insured.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be varied, altered, amended or repealed in the present Session of Parliament.

CAP. CIV.

An Act to require Persons licensed to keep Lottery Offices in Ireland, to divide into Shares a certain Number of whole

Lottery Tickets; and for empowering the Lords Commissioners of ITis Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain to remit to the Exchequer of Ireland a certain Sum of Money out of the Contributions for Lotteries.

[26th June. 1802.]

593

the Duty of 3s. 6d. under 41 G.3. (U.K.) c. 58, § 3. to cease, and Duty paid as on Insurances where the Premium is 10s. per Cent.

In what case a 5s. Stamp shall be used for every 2001

Act may be varied or repealed this Session,

594

C. 105.

42°. GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Out of the Irish Consolidated Fund, so much to be paid to the Irish Chancellor, as will make his Salary, S c.] 0,00*01. Sterling per Ann.

Payable quarterly, &c.

An Account of the Chancellor’s clear Salary and Profits, to be delivered to the Irish Treasury, quarterly.

CAP. CV.

An Act for providing a proper Salary for the Office of the Chancellor or Keeper of the Great Seal of Ireland.

[26th June 1802.]

WHEREAS in consequence of the Union, divers Salaries,

Profits and Emoluments belonging to the Office of Chancellor of Ireland,have ceased, and the Compensations made for the same to John late Earl of C, late Chancellor of

‘ are determined by his Death, and it is expedient that a proper Salary should be provided for the said Office Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall from Time to Time be issued, paid and payable out of, and charged and chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, (after paying and reserving sufficient to pay all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same, but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may be hereafter charged upon or payable out of the said Fund), to the Chancellor or Keeper of the Great Seal of Ireland for the Time being, in Manner herein after directed, so much and such Sums of Money as will make up the Salary and pecuniary Profits belonging to his said Office, the clear annual Sum of Ten thousand Pounds Sterling, being Ten thousand eight hundred and thirty three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence Irish Currency, which Money shall from Time to Time be payable and paid quarterly, free and clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, on every Twenty fifth Day of March, Twenty fourth Day of Twenty ninth Day

of September, and Twenty fifth Day of December;the First Payment thereof, or of such Proportion thereof as shall have accrued from the Date of the Grant of such Office, to be made on the First of the said Days which shall next happen after the Date of such Grant.

II. And be it further enacted, That, every such Chancellor or Keeper for the Time being, or such Officer as he shall appoint for the Purpose, shall as soon as conveniently may be after the Fifteenth Day of March, the Fourteenth Day of, the Nineteenth Day of September, or Fifteenth Day of which shall happen next after the Date of every such Grant, deliver to the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being in Ireland, an account signed by such Chancellor or Keeper, or in case of his Death, by his Executors or Administrators, of his clear Salary, after deducting all Fees and Taxes paid in respect thereof, and also of all Fees and pecuniary Profits which shall have been received by or become payable to him, his Executors or Administrators, in respect of his said Office, between the Day of the Date of such Grant, and the Day on which such Account is directed to be delivered by virtue of this Act; and a like Account shall be delivered in like Manner in every succeeding Quarter, ending on the Fifteenth Day of, Four-

teenth Day of June, Nineteenth Day of September, or Fifteenth

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 105.

595

Day of December, as the Case shall happen, of the Salaries, Fees

and pecuniary Profits which shall have been received by, or become payable to such Chancellor or Keeper, his Executors or Administrators, in respect of his Office, from the Day to which the last Account delivered in shall have been made up.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case the whole Amount

which shall have been received by, or which shall have become payable to any such Chancellor or Keeper as aforesaid, in respect of the said Office, within the Quarter or Part of a Quarter comprized in any such Account, shall be less than the clear Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds Sterling, being Two thousand seven hundred and eight Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence Currency,

or a just Proportion of the same, according to the Proportion of Time for which such Account shall be delivered, then so much and such Sums of Money shall be issued for the Quarter or Part of a Quarter for which such Accounts shall be delivered, as will make up the clear Sum aforesaid; the same to be computed and ascertained so as to make up the Whole of the Salary and pecuniary Profits of such Chancellor or Keeper to the quarterly Sum before mentioned, or a just Proportion thereof, according to the Time for which such Account shall be delivered; and such Sums of Money shall be issued accordingly, as if the Sum so to be ascertained had been specifically mentioned in this Act: Provided always, that if any such Chancellor or Keeper shall be removed from or resign his said Office, or shall die before the Expiration of any such Quarter as aforesaid, the Person so removed or resigning, or the Executors or Administrators of the Person so dying, shall be entitled to such proportionable Part of such clear Quarterly Sum as aforesaid, as shall have accrued during the Time that such Person shall have held such Office as aforesaid; and such Person, his Executors or Administrators, shall, on such of the said quarterly Days appointed for delivering in such Accounts as aforesaid, which shall be immediately subsequent to his Removal, Resignation or Death, or as soon after as conveniently may be, deliver in an Account, signed by him or by his Executors or Administrators for the Part of a Quarter which shall have been elapsed since the last quarterly Account, and the Day of the Removal, Resignation or Death of such Person; and such Person, his Executors or Administrators, shall be entitled to, and shall receive such Proportionable Part of such quarterly Sum as aforesaid as upon such Account shall be due and payable by virtue of this Act; and in case such Person, his Executors or Administrators, shall have received more than a just Proportion of the clear annual Sum aforesaid, calculated according to the Time during which such Person shall have held such Office, every such Person, his Executors or Administrators shall pay over to his Successor or Successors so much Money as the Sums received by such Person, his Executors or Administrators, shall have exceeded the Sums to which such Person shall have been entitled, according to the Rates aforesaid, and by virtue of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Custody of the Great Seal of Ireland shall at any Time be granted to Two or more Commissioners during a vacancy of the Office of Chancellor or Keeper, it shall be lawful for His Majesty by the same Commission,

If the quarterly Amount shall be less than 2,5001. Sterling, the Deficiency shall be issued.

On Removal, Resignation or Death of Chancellor, a proportional Part of the Quarter shall be paid to him or his Representative on a like Account, and any Surplus shall be repaid by him.

When the Great Seal of Ireland is in Commission, His Majesty may direct

596

C. 105, 106.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

the Proportions in which the Salary shall be paid the Commissioners.

41 C. 3. c. 101.

Regulations of British Acts in force at the Union, respecting Petitions to House of Commons complaining of undue Elections or Returns, extended to such Petitions to the United Parliament from any Place in the United Kingdom.

mission, to direct that such Commissioners shall and may receive such and the like Salary as is herein-before provided for the Chancellor or Keeper of the Great Seal of Ireland for the Time being or such Part thereof, and in such Shares and Proportions as shall in such Commission be provided and expressed; and such Commissioners shall accordingly be entitled to and receive such Salary; and the same shall be issued and paid to them respectively in the same Manner, upon Delivery of the same Account, and subject to the like Regulations and Restrictions as are herein-before directed and provided, with respect to the Chancellor or Keeper of the Great Seal of Ireland for the Time being.

CAP. CVI.

An Act for regulating the Trial of Controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in the United Parliament for Ireland.

[26th Jane 1802.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for regulating until the First Day i of May One thousand eight hundred and two, the Trial of troverted Elections or Returns of Members to the United

Parliament of Great Britain and Ireland, for that Part of the 1 United Kingdom called Ireland, and for regidating the Qualification of Members to serve in the said United Parliament; which Act, so far as the same related to such controverted Elections or Returns, is now expired; and it is expedient that other Provisions should be made for the regulating the Trial of such controverted £ Elections or Returns Be it therefore enacted, by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, all and every the Rules, Regulations, Authorities and Powers heretofore given or prescribed by any Act or Acts of Parliament of Great Britain, and in force at the Time of the passing of the Act for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, with respect to Petitons presented to the House of Commons, complaining of undue Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, or complaining of the Omission or Insufficiency of any such Return, and with respect to Petitions of Persons desiring to oppose any Right of Election, or any Right of choosing, nominating or appointing Returning Officers, which shall have been deemed valid by the Determination of any Select Committee of the House of Commons, and with respect to the Trial and Determination of all such Petitions by such Select Committees, shall be in full Force and Effect with respect to all such Petitions as shall or may be hereafter from Time to Time presented to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the said United Kingdom, complaining of undue Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament for any County, Stewartry, City, Borough, Cinque Port, Town or Place, in any Part of the said United Kingdom, or of the Omission or Insufficiency of any such Returns, or from any Person or Persons desiring to oppose any such Right of Election, or of choosing, nominating or appointing Returning Officers,

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 106.

597

Officers, in as full and ample a Manner as if the same Rules, Regulations, Authorities and Powers were herein repeated, and particularly and specifically enacted, concerning the same Petitions and the Trial and Determination thereof; except so far as the same are altered in and by this present Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Petition complaining of

any undue Election or Return for any County, City, Borough, Town or Place, in that Part of the United Kingdom called

or of the Omission or Insufficiency of any such Return, or from any Person or Persons desiring to oppose any Right of Election, or of choosing, nominating or appointing Returning Officers in or for any such County, City, Borough, Town or Place, shall be proceeded upon by the House of Commons, unless the same shall -state all and every the several Matters and Thing, of and concerning which the Petitioner or Petitioners presenting the same is or are desirous of complaining, and to which he or they purpose or intend to call and examine Witnesses; and that no Witness or Witnesses shall be called or examined by or on the Behalf of such Petitioner or Petitioners, either by or before the Select Committee of the House of Commons to be chosen for the Trial and Determination of the Merits of such Petition, or by or before the Com- ' missioners to be chosen and appointed in Manner herein mentioned, to any Matter or Thing not contained or set forth in such Petition, or in the Lists and Statements herein mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the Parties appearing before any Select Committee to be chosen for the Trial and Determination of the Merits of any such Petition, shall, immediately after a Chairman shall have been chosen by the said Committee, and before any other Business shall be proceeded upon by the said Parties, or either of them, before the said Committee, interchange with and among each other Lists of all such Votes, and of the Names of all such Voters to which either of the said Parties purpose and intend to object; and that the said Parties shall also interchange with and among each other Statements in Writing of all Particulars respecting any Right of voting or of choosing or nominating a Returning Officer, and respecting all such other Matters and Things whatever as either of the said Parties mean to insist upon or to contend for or to object to; and that no Witness or Witnesses shall be called or examined by or on Behalf of either of the said Parties, before the said Select Committee or before the said Commissioners, or either of them, to any Matter or Thing not specified and contained in the said Lists or Statements respectively, or in the Petition complaining of the Election or Return in question, as herein mentioned and provided.

IV. And for avoiding the Inconveniencies and Expence which may in certain Cases arise, by reason of Witnesses being brought from Ireland to be personally examined before Committees of i the House of Commons ;’ Be it enacted, That whenever a Select Committee of the House of Commons shall at any Time hereafter be appointed for the Trial and Determination of any Petition complaining of an undue Election or Return of Members to serve in Parliament for any County, City, Borough, Town or Place, in that Part of the United Kingdom called, or complaining of the

Omission or Insufficiency of any such Return, or from any Person 42 Gr.o. III. R r or

Irish Petitions not proceeded on, unless they state all the Matters concerning which the Petitioners intend to examine Witnesses.

Parties in the First Place, to interchange Lists of objectionable Votes and Statements of Matters intended to be insisted on.

Select Committee on such Petitions may, on Application of the Parties, in certain Cases make an Order for Appoint-

598

C. 106'.

A.D. 1802.

ment of Commissioners.

No Commission without Notice.

Where no Commissioners necessary, Committee may proceed as in other Cases.

Regulations for Appointment of Commissioners.

42° GEO. III.

or Persons desiring to oppose any Right of Election, or any Right of choosing a Returning Officer or Returning Officers, in or for such County, City, Borough, Town or Place, upon its appearing to the said Committee, from the Nature of the Case, and the Number of Witnesses to be examined relative to any particular Allegation or Allegations in the said Petition, that the same cannot be effectually enquired into before such Committee, without great Expence and Inconvenience to the Parties or either of them, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Select Committee, upon Application of any of the Parties before the said Select Committee, at any Period during the Course of their Proceedings upon such Petition, to make an Order for the Nomination and Appointment of Commissioners, in Manner herein directed.

[ 60 G. 3. 7.]

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Commission as aforesaid shall issue under this Act, except the Party or Parties intending to apply for the same shall serve a Notice on the opposite Party or Parties as soon as the Petition in question shall be presented to the House of Commons, of his Intention to apply to the Select Committee for such Commission as aforesaid.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Committee shall not think it necessary to make such Order or to appoint such Commissioners as aforesaid, then and in such Case the said Committee shall proceed to try the Merits of the said Petition, in the same Manner as the Merits on Petitions respecting controverted Elections are tried for that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain.

VII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the said Committee shall think fit to make an Order for the Appointment of Commissioners as aforesaid, such Commissioners shall be appointed in Manner herein mentioned; (that is to say,) on the next Sitting Day after the said Order shall have been made by the said Committee, at the Time previously appointed by the said Committee, in the Presence of the said Committee, and also in the Presence of the said Petitioners, their Counsel or Agents, and of the Sitting Members, their Counsel or Agents, and also in the Presence of all Parties before the House on distinct Interests, or complaining or complained of on different Grounds, or whose Right to be elected or returned may be affected by the Determination of the said Select Committee, or their several and respective Counsel or Agents, (or in the Presence of such of the said Parties, their Counsel or Agents, as shall then and there attend,) the Names of Three Barristers, each being of Six Years’ standing at the Bar at the least, and each of them having consented under their Hands and Seals to become Commissioners on being appointed in Manner herein mentioned, (and not having voted at the Election in question for the County, City, Borough, Town or Place, respecting which the Election or Return complained of, or other subject Matter of the Petition in question, arose or happened, and not being nor having been at the Time of the Election in question Sheriff of the County, or Returning Officer of the City, Borough, Town or Place, in or for which the said Election, Return or other Matter of the Petition in question arose or happened, nor having been Counsel at such Election,) shall be delivered to the Chairman of the said Committee, by or on Behalf of each and every the said

9 distinct

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. J06.

599

distinct Parties or by or on Behalf of such of them as shall then and there attend by themselves, their Counsel or Agents; and a List of the whole of such Names shall forthwith be made; and thereupon the said Parties, their Counsel or Agents, beginning on the Part of the said Petitioners, shall in the Presence of the said Committee proceed alternately to strike off the Name of One of the said Barristers contained in the said List, until the Number shall be reduced to Two; which said Two Barristers, together with the Chairman, who shall also be a Barrister of like standing, and who shall be named and appointed in Manner herein mentioned, shall be Commissioners for the Purpose of examining all such Matters and Things as shall be referred to them by the said Select Committee in Manner aforesaid, and as shall be specially assigned and limited in the Order of the said Committee, for that Purpose made as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That immediately after the Appointment of the said Two Commissioners in Manner aforesaid, and before the said Committee shall adjourn, a Third Commissioner for the Purposes aforesaid, and who shall be the Chairman of the said Commission, shall be appointed in Manner following; (that is to say,) if all the Parties interested shall agree among themselves in nominating and appointing any One such Barrister, who shall have consented to such Appointment under his Hand and Seal, then such Barrister so nominated and consenting shall be and he is hereby appointed to be a Third Commissioner and Chairman of the said Commissioners; but in case the several Parties shall not agree amongst themselves in the Appointment of such Chairman as aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for the said Select Committee to nominate any Barrister of like standing in Manner herein mentioned.

IX. And in order to enable the said Select Committee to appoint such Chairman as aforesaid, Be it enacted, That the Clerk of the Crown in Ireland or his Deputy shall, at the Commencement of every Session of Parliament, send over to the Speaker of the House of Commons of the United Parliament, a List of all such Barristers, of not less than Six Years’ standing, who shall have consented under their Hands and Seals to act either as Commissioners or as Chairman to the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, in case they or any of them shall be appointed in Manner herein mentioned, out of which List the said Select Committee are hereby directed to appoint One other Commissioner who shall act as Chairman to the said Commissioners; provided that no Barrister whose Name shall have been previously struck off the List by any of the Parties before the said Select Committee shall be appointed to act as Chairman to the said Commissioners.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if all the said Parties interested in such Petition shall agree in nominating any Three such Barristers to be Commissioners as aforesaid, and shall deliver to the Chairman of the Select Committee a List of Three such Barristers so agreed upon, and consenting to act as aforesaid, such List being signed by all the said Parties, such Three Persons shall be and become Commissioners for the Purposes aforesaid, as if they had been appointed in Maimer herein mentioned;

[See § 14.]

Appointment of Chairman,

by Consent of Parties,

or by Committee.

Clerk of the Crown in Ireland every Session to transmit to Speaker a List of Barristers, from which Committee may appoint Chairman.

Parties may agree in nominating Three Commissioners, One of whom shall be Chairman.

600

When there are more than Two Parties, Committee to appoint Commissioners, and Chairman.

If Petitioner does not appear to name Commissioners, he shall be considered as having made Default in Recognizance.

If Sitting Member, &c. does not appear, the Chairman of the Committee shall act for him.

Chairman of Committee shall issue his Warrant to the Commissioners to attend. Penalty 5001.

a 106. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

and in such Case the said Commissioners shall appoint One of themselves to be their Chairman.

XI. And be it enacted, That when more than Two Parties appear before the House upon distinct and separate Interests at the striking of the Select Committee, if it shall appear that the said several Parties are actually distinct and separate, and that there is no Collusion between them, that then and in such Case none of the Parties shall be permitted to give in any List of Barristers to the said Select Committee for the Purposes of appointing Commissioners as aforesaid, but that the said Select Committee shall out of the List of Barristers ao returned by the Clerk of the Crown or his Deputy appoint the Three Commissioners, and nominate which of the Three shall act as Chairman.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if within One Hour after the Time fixed by the said Committee for the Appointment of Commissioners in pursuance of this Act, the Petitioner or Petitioners shall not appear either by themselves, their Counsel or Agents, before the said Committee, or shall not give in any Lists of Names in Manner aforesaid, then and in such Case the said Committee shall not proceed to the Appointment of such Commissioners, so far as respects such Petitioner or Petitioners so making Default, but shall forthwith report to the House that such Petition in such respect as aforesaid was not proceeded upon before the said Committee, and the Petitioner or Petitioners so neglecting to appear shall be held to have made Default in the Recognizance or Recognizances entered into by him or them on the presenting of su-ch Petition.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if within One Hour after the Time fixed by the said Committee for proceeding to the Appointment of Commissioners as aforesaid, the Sitting Member or Sitting Members, or any other Party or Parties opposing the Petition, shall not appear before the said Committee, by himself or themselves, or by his or their Counsel or Agents, or shall not give in any List of Names in Manner aforesaid, for the Purpose of appointing Commissioners and of reducing the List of such Names as shall be delivered by or on Behalf of any Party or Parties appearing before the said Select Committee as aforesaid, the Place of a Party opposing the Petition shall be supplied by the Chairman of the Committee, who shall accordingly, as often as it shall come to his Turn as supplying the Place of the Party opposing the Petition to strike out a Name, put all the then remaining Names into a Glass, and draw One out, which Name shall be struck off the said List; and the same Method of reducing the said List to the Number of Two, shall be followed whenever any Party shall waive his Right of striking off Names from the said List.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as the said Commissioners shall be appointed in Manner aforesaid, the Chairman of the said Select Committee shall issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, directed to each of the Commissioners so appointed, commanding the said Commissioners and each of them, under the Penalty of Five hundred Pounds, to repair to the City, Borough, Town or Place, in or for which the Election or Return complained of, or other Subject Matter of the Petition arose or

happened,

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 106.

601

happened, on a Day certain to be named in the said Warrant, and which Day shall not be less than Fourteen Days nor more than Twenty one Days distant from the Day on which the said Commissioners were appointed in Manner aforesaid; and in case any of the said Commissioners shall neglect or refuse to obey the Injunction of the said Warrant, he or they so neglecting or refusing shall accordingly forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds: And the said Chairman of the said Committee shall address to the Chairman of the said Commissioners a true Copy of the Petition which shall have been referred to the said Committee, and of the said Lists and disputed Votes and Statements of the several Parties which shall have been delivered before the said Committee, together with a true Copy of the Order made by the said Committee, specially assigning and limiting the Facts or Allegations, Matters and Things respecting which the said Commissioners are required and directed to examine Evidence, and to report the same, together with all such other Documents and Papers as the said Select Committee shall think proper; all which Warrants, Petitions, Orders and Papers shall be conveyed to the Clerk of the Crown in Ireland or his Deputy, and by him or his Deputy transmitted to the several Parties, in the Method used in conveying Writs in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain; and the said Chairman of the said Select Committee shall also transmit a Copy of his Warrant, but not of the several other Papers, to the Printer of the Dublin Gazette, to be inserted in the next Number of the said Gazette which shall be published after the Receipt of the Copy of the said Warrant, by the said Printer.

XV. And be it further enacted, That immediately after the

Completion of the Proceedings aforesaid, the said Chairman of the said Select Committee shall thereupon report the Proceedings of the said Committee to the House, and shall ask Permission of the House for the said Committee to adjourn, until such Time as the Speaker shall, by his Warrant, in Manner herein mentioned, direct the said Committee to reassemble; and upon such Permission being granted, it shall and may be lawful for the said Committee to adjourn accordingly; any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: Provided always, that whenever any Select Committee shall report to the House in Manner aforesaid, they shall state in their Report that they have gone through all the other Parts of the said Petition, except what have been specially referred to the Commissioners in Ireland herein mentioned.

[See § 26.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases of the Trial of Petitions on controverted Elections for any County, City, Borough, Town or Place, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, the Select Committee for the Trial of such Petition shall not be dissolved on account of the Death or Absence of any Number of the Members thereof, except the Number of the said Committee shall be reduced to less than Nine; any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, or any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding,

XVII. And be it further enacted, That on the Day and at the Place appointed, between the Hours of Ten in the Forenoon and Four in the Afternoon, the said Commissioners and Chairman shall

A Copy of Petition, and other Matters herein mentioned, sent to Chairman;

and a Copy of Warrant only to the Dublin Gazette.

Chairman to report Proceedings to House, and adjourn until Speaker shall reassemble them.

Committees on Irish Elections not dissolved by Death or Absence.

Exception.

Commissioners to open their Court, and take the following

602

C. 106.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Oath.

Commissioner acting not being a Barrister. Penalty 5001. Time of sitting of the Court.

Commissioner absent, except in Case of Illness, &c.

Penalty 5001. per Day.

meet and open their Court or commence their Proceedings, by reading the Warrant of the said Chairman of the said Select Committee, and also the Copy of the Petition annexed to the said Warrant, and also the Copies of all other Papers transmitted by the said Chairman; and the said Commissioners shall, before further proceeding on the Business of their said Commission, take and subscribe the following Oath; (that is to say,)

J A.B.do swear, That will, without Favour, Affection or Malice, and according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, 4 well and truly try and examine all such Matters and Things as shall be brought before me by virtue of a Warrant, dated the Day of under the Hand and Seal of the

Chairman of the Select Committee of the House of Commons, 4 on a Petition from [here state the Name or Names of the tioneror Petitioners, and of Place to the Petition

relates]; and that I will in all Things well and truly perform

the Duty of a Commissioner appointed to try the said Matters and Things according to the Rules, Regulations and Directions contained in an Act passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled set forth the

Title of this Act], 4 So help me GOD.’

Which Oath the said Chairman of the said Commissioners, having first taken and subscribed the same in the Presence of the rest of the said Commissioners, is hereby authorized and empowered to administer to the other and others of them the said Commissioners; and if any Person shall act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, not being qualified by his Degree as a Barrister, every such Person shall for such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds: And the said Commissioners shall sit every Day (Sundays, Christmas Day and Good Friday only excepted,) from the Hour of Ten in the Morning till Four in the Afternoon, and shall never adjourn for a longer Time than Twenty four Hours, except in case of the Death or continued Absence of any of the said Commissioners as herein provided, unless Sunday, Christmas Day or Good Friday shall intervene; and in case of such Intervention, every Meeting, Sitting or Adjournment shall be within Twenty four Hours from the Time of appointing or fixing the same, exclusive of such Sunday, Christmas Day or Good Friday,

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no one of the said Commissioners shall be allowed to absent himself from the said daily Sittings and Meetings, except in Cases of sudden Accident or Necessity, or in Case of Illness, and that such Cases of sudden Accident or Necessity shall be made appear to the others of the said Commissioners, by Facts specially stated and verified upon Oath of the said Commissioner so absenting himself; and that such Illness shall be certified to the others of the said Commissioners on the Oath of a Physician; which Oaths shall be made before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace; and that any Commissioner who shall so absent himself without such lawful Excuse, shall for every Day on which he shall so absent himself, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

[See §21.

post.']

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 106.

603


XIX. And be it farther enacted, That the said Commissioners shall never sit until all the said Commissioners are met, except in Cases where the Absence of a Commissioner, is verified upon. Oath as aforesaid, nor then except by Consent of all Parties in Manner herein mentioned; and in case the said Commissioners or such Number as shall be so consented to, (the said Chairman being always One,) shall not meet within One Hour after the Time to which the Meeting of the said Commissioners shall have been adjourned, a further Adjournment shall be made in the Manner before directed, and so from Time to Time until all the said Commissioners, or such Number as shall be so consented to in Manner herein mentioned, (the said Chairman being always One,) are assembled; and if the Number of the said Commissioners able to attend, shall at any Time by Death or otherwise be unavoidably reduced to less than Three, and shall so continue for the Space of Three Sitting Days, and no such Consent as herein mentioned shall have been given, the Party by whom the Commissioner so dying or absenting himself was originally appointed shall nominate a Barrister, having consented in Manner before mentioned, to act as a Commissioner in his Place (a); and in case of the Death or continued Absence of the Chairman of the said Commissioners for the Space of Three Sitting Days, then the remaining Commissioners shall proceed to nominate One other such Barrister, having consented in Manner before mentioned to be a new Commissioner and Chairman, but in case the remaining Commissioners cannot agree in the Appointment of a Chairman, then the Names of the remaining Commissioners shall be put into a Glass in open Court, in the Presence of the Parties, or such of them as shall attend, and the Commissioner whose Name is first drawm out shall nominate and appoint One such Barrister (having consented in Manner before mentioned) to be such Chairman; and the said remaining Commissioners shall give Notice of his Appointment to such Commissioner or Chairman so appointed, who shall thereupon, under the Penalty of Five hundred Pounds, repair to the Place of Meeting of the other Commissioners, on a Day certain, to be named by the remaining Commissioners, and which Day shall not be more than Fourteen Days distant from the Day on which the said Commissioner or Chairman was appointed in Manner aforesaid; and all and every such Commissioner or Chairman so from Time to Time to be appointed in the Place or Stead of any Commissioner or Chairman dying or absenting himself for the Time aforesaid, shall in all Respects have the same Power, Jurisdiction and Authority as the Commissioner in whose Place or Stead he shall have been appointed in Manner aforesaid, and shall proceed conjointly with the other Commissioners to complete the Purposes for which the said Commissioners were originally appointed. (a) [See § 20,

XX. Provided always, nevertheless, That notwithstanding any Thing herein contained to the contrary, any Number of the said Commissioners (the said Chairman being always One) may during the Absence or after the Death of any other or others of the said Commissioners, execute all the Purposes of this Act, with the Consent of all Parties interested, and which Consent shall be

Commissioners not to sit unless all present, except in Cases. of Absence verified on Oath; r.or then except by Consent of Parties, (See § 20 )

Regulations for Appointment of Commissioners in the Room of deceased Commissioners, &c.

Penalty on new Commissioners

not attending 5001.

Any Number of Commissioners (the Chairman being One) may act with Consent of Parties.

604-

C. 106.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802

Commissioner prevented from attending by Illness, &c. not liable to Penalty.

Commissioners may adjourn.

Commissioners empowered to send for Persons and Papers, &c. and shall examine all Matters referred to them as Select Committees; may appoint a Clerk to take Minutes of their Proceedings, and within Ten Days after the Evidence is closed, shall transmit One Copy to Clerk of the Crown for Ireland, and another to the Speaker.

especially entered on the Minutes of the Proceedings of the said Commissioners, and signed by the Parties, their Counsel or Agents respectively.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Commissioner appointed by virtue of this Act shall be prevented from attending at the Day and Place appointed as aforesaid by any sudden Accident, Necessity or Illness, to be verified upon Oath in Manner herein directed with respect to the Absence of either of the said Commissioners after proceeding on the said Commission, then and in such case the Commissioner or Commissioners so prevented from attending by such sudden Accident, Necessity or Illness, shall not be liable to the said Penalty of Five hundred Pounds; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shatll and may be lawful for the said Commissioners from Time to Time to adjourn to any Towm within the County, in all Cases where it shall appear to them necessary so to do.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Chairman of the Commission shall at all Times, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, have Power to send for all Persons, Papers and Records; and the said Commissioners shall examine all Witnesses who shall come before them upon Oath, and shall examine all Matters referred to them, and shall in all Respects have the same Powers and Authorities for examining the said Matters so referred to them, as Select Committees of the House of Commons on controverted Elections have, for examining the Matters and Things referred to such Select Committees; and the said Commissioners shall appoint a Clerk to take down in Writing, Minutes of all the Proceedings of them the said Commissioners, and of all such Evidence as shall be given or produced before them, in as accurate a Manner as the same can possibly be done, and shall proceed in examining all and every Witness or Witnesses who shall come before them, and in scrutinizing the Rights of any Voter or Voters, and in all other Matters and Things whatsoever referred to them, in the same Course and Manner, and according to the same Rules, as Select Committees of the House of Commons on controverted Elections ought and are empowered to proceed in like Cases; and the Clerk appointed by the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time make, or cause to be made, true Copies of the Minutes of all Proceedings before the said Commissioners, and of all such Evidence as shall be given or produced before them, and shall give One such Copy to each of the Parties interested, or his or their Agent, or to such of them as shall demand the same, on being paid for each Sheet of the said Copy, consisting of Seventy two Words, the Sum of Sixpence; and within Ten Days after the Evidence before the said Commissioners shall be closed touching the Matters and Things referred to them, the said Commissioners shall cause Two Copies of the Minutes of all their Proceedings to be made, and shall examine the same with the said Minutes, and shall sign and seal the said Copies; and shall transmit by their Clerk One of the said Copies to the Clerk of the Crown for Ireland or his Deputy, at the Crown Office in Dublin; and the other of the said Copies to the Speaker of the House of Commons of the Parliament

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 106

605

of the said United Kingdom (a), who shall accordingly communicate the same to the said House, and upon the Transmission of the said Copies, the said Commissioners shall adjourn in order to receive such further Orders from the Select Committee upon the Petition in Question, as such Committee may from Time to Time think requisite and necessary. (a) [ Reasons for any Delay that may happen, 60 G. 3. c. 7. $2.]

XXIV! And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall not permit or suffer any Barrister or Counsel to plead before them, or to examine or cross-examine any of the Witnesses; but that the said Commissioners shall themselves examine and cross-examine all the Witnesses that shall be produced before them.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case at any Time in the Course of the said Proceedings before the said Commissioners, any of the said Parties shall tender or offer to produce to the said Commissioners any Witness or Evidence to, of or concerning any Matter or Thing whatsoever in Issue before the said Commissioners, which Witness or Evidence the said Commissioners, or a Majority of them, shall be of Opinion ought not to be examined, heard or received, the said Commissioners shall state in Writing the Reasons and Grounds upon which they have rejected the said Evidence, and enter the same upon their Proceedings; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Party tendering or offering to produce such Witness or Evidence, to require of the said Commissioners, that the said Witness or Evidence shall be examined, heard and received, by and before them; and the Testimony of such Witness, or the Purport of such Evidence, shall accordingly be taken down in Writing by the Clerk to the said Commissioners separately and apart from all other Evidence before the said Commissioners, and a Copy thereof, with a Statement of the Purpose to or for which the said Witness or Evidence was produced, and by whom the same was produced, shall be signed and sealed by the said Commissioners, in the Nature of a Bill of Exceptions to Evidence, and the same shall be transmitted by the said Commissioners, together with all the other Proceedings before them, in Manner herein mentioned; and if the Select Committee of the House of Commons, to whom the Merits of the Petition in Question shall be afterwards referred in Manner herein mentioned, shall be of Opinion, that the tendering and offering of such Witness or Evidence was frivolous or vexatious, or that the Testimony of such Witness, or the Purport of such Evidence was impertinent or irrelevant to the Matter in Issue before the said Commissioners, the said Committee shall report such their Opinion to the House, together with their Opinion on the other Matters relating to the said Petition, and the Party who shall before the said Commissioners have opposed the examining, hearing or receiving of such Witness or Evidence, shall be entitled to recover from the Person or Persons who shall have produced such Witness or Evidence, the full Costs and Expences which such Party or Parties shall have incurred in opposing the same, or by reason of the same being received in Manner aforesaid; which Costs and Expences shall be ascertained and recovered in the same Manner and Form as are now provided by Law for the Recovery of Costs and Expences in Cases of frivolous or vexatious Petitions, or frivolous or vexatious Opposition to any Petition.

No Counsel employed before them*

How Evidence rejected by Commissioners, may be tendered and received.

606

C. 106.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

On Recital of Proceedin gs of Commissioners, Speaker to insert in London Gazette a Warrant, directing Select Committee to meet, who shall try Merits of Petition on Evidence so transmitted; but may hear Counsel on Effect thereof, and shall report thereon.

Committee may direct further Warrants to Commissioners to reassemble.

Penalty on Perjury before Commissioners.

Summoning

"Witnesses.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That within Two Days after the Copy of the said Proceedings before the said Commissioners shall be received by the Speaker of the House of Commons, the said Speaker shall insert in The London Gazette a Warrant signed b}' him, directing the Select Committee upon the Petition in Question to reassemble and meet again within the Space of One Month from the Date of such Warrant, provided Parliament shall be then sitting, and in case Parliament shall not then be sitting, to meet within One Month after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament (a); and that the said Select Committee shall accordingly reassemble and meet again, and shall take the said Proceedings of the said Commissioners into Consideration, and shall proceed to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition, in such and the same Manner as Select Committees on controverted Elections are by the Laws now in force directed to proceed, try and determine; save and except that the said Committee shall not call for or receive any other or further Evidence, written or parol, respecting any Matters or Things which shall have been tried and examined by the said Commissioners in Manner aforesaid; but the said Committee shall determine on all such Matters and Things from the written Minutes of the Evidence, and Proceedings before the said Commissioners, and the Certificates of the said Commissioners so signed, sealed and transmitted as aforesaid; Provided always, that the said Committee shall and may be at Liberty to hear Counsel, as to the Effect of the said Evidence, in like Manner as they may do respecting any other Matter in Question before them; and that the said Select Committee shall report their own Opinion to the House, upon the whole Merits of the said Election or other Matter of the said Petition. (a)

60 0.3. c. 7. § L]

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Select Committee shall (from Time to Time during the Continuance of the said Committee, and at any Time before reporting their final Opinion to the House on the Merits of the Petition in Question,) have full Power and Authority to direct any further or other Warrant to the said Chairman of the Commissioners, under the Hand and Seal of the Chairman of the said Committee, ordering and directing the said Commissioners to reassemble for such Purposes as shall be in the said Warrant specified; and that such and the like Proceedings shall be had upon such further Warrant of the Chairman of the said Committee, as are herein directed with respect to the said Warrant of the Chairman of the said Committee herein first mentioned.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall wilfully give false Evidence, or make any false Oath or Affidavit before the said Commissioner, or before any Justice of the Peace, touching any Matter or Thing provided for by this Act, shall be prosecuted and indicted for the same; and such Person or Persons being convicted thereof, shall be sent to some House of Correction for a Time not exceeding Seven Years, there to be kept to hard Labour during all the said Time, or otherwise to be transported to some of His Majesty's Plantations beyond the Seas, for a Term not exceeding Seven Years, as the Court shall deem most proper; and that it shall and may be lawful

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 106.

607

lawful for the Chairman of the said Commissioners, and he is hereby authorized and empowered, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, directed to any One or more Constable or Constables, or to any other Person or Persons specially appointed by such Chairman, to summon and require the Attendance of any Witness or Witnesses, or other Person or Persons, before the said Commissioners, at the Day and Place to be mentioned in the said Warrant.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person so summoned as a Witness as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to attend, without lawful Excuse, to be determined by the said Commissioners, or if any Witness before such Commissioners shall prevaricate or shall otherwise misbehave in giving or refusing to give Evidence, or if any Person shall be guilty of any Contempt or Misbehaviour whatsoever of or towards the said Commissioners, while sitting and acting in the Execution of their said Commission, the said Chairman of the said Commissioners shall, and he is hereby empowered, by a Warrant under His Hand and Seal, and directed to the Gaoler of the Common Gaol of the County or Place in which the said Commissioners shall sit, to commit such Person (not being a Peer of the Realm or a Lord of Parliament) to the Custody of the said Gaoler, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months.

XXX. And be it enacted, That in case it shall be requisite to summon any Member of Parliament to give Evidence before the said Commissioners, who shall be then attending his Duty in Parliament, that in such Case the Chairman of the Commissioners shall certify the same to the Speaker of the House of Commons, who shall report the same to the House.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That each of the said Commissioners so to be appointed in Manner aforesaid shall immediately after the Select Committee on the Petition in Question shall have made the final Report to the House on the Merits of the said Petition, be entitled to demand and receive from the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury in Dublin the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, for his Attendance upon the Execution of the said Commission, together with the Sum of One Guinea for every Day which such Commissioner shall have been or shall be necessarily engaged on the said Commission, and also his travelling Expences, at the Rate of One Shilling and Sixpence for every Mile which such Commissioner shall have travelled from or to his usual Place of Abode, in his Attendance on the Execution of such Commission; and that the Clerk to the said Commissioners shall also, upon his transmitting the said Copies in Manner aforesaid, be entitled to demand and receive from the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury in Dublin such Sum or Sums for his Attendance on the Execution of the said Commission, as the said Commissioners shall under their Hands certify to be reasonable, not exceeding the Amount of Two Guineas for each Day of his Attendance on the Execution of the said Commission, together with such Sum for the Copies of the Evidence transmitted to the Clerk of the Crown in Ireland, and the Speaker of the House, in Manner aforesaid, as

the said Commissioners shall think fit, not exceeding the Sum of

Sixpence

Witnesses or other Persons misbehaving, may be committed by Chairman of Commissioners.

Members of Parliament being Witnesses.

Allowances to Commissioners and their Clerk.

608

V2,= GEO. III.

Penalties may be sued for in any Court of Record in Ireland.

Limitation of Actions.

Persons who shall illegally hunt, snare or shoot, &c. Deer in any Inclosure, and their Abettors, guilty of Felony, punishable by Seven Years’ Transportation.

Persons committing such Offences in uninclosed Ground.

C. 106, 107.

A.D. 1802.

Sixpence for every Sheet, consisting of Seventy two Words, the said Copies shall contain.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties in and by this Act imposed shall and may be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, by any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same by Action of Debt in any Court of Record in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland;in which Action it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to declare that the Defendant or Defendants is or are indebted to him or them (to the Amount of the Penalty sued for) by virtue of this Act; and in which Action no Essoign, Privilege, Protection or Wager of Law, shall be allowed, nor more than One Imparlance.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every

Indictment, Information or Action, for any Offence against this Act, or any Forfeiture incurred under the same, shall be found, filed or commenced within One Year after the Commission of the Fact on which such Indictment, Information or Action shall be grounded, or within Six Months after the Conclusion of the Proceedings in the House of Commons relating to the Petition on the Trial of which such Fact shall have arisen.

[The Powers

this Act extended, 4?7 G. 3. Sess. 1. c. 14<.]

CAP. CVII.

An Act more effectually to prevent the stealing of Deer.

[26th 1802.]

‘ TT J WHEREAS it is expedient to make some further Provision for preventing the stealing of Deer, and the Punishment i of Deer Stealers Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person or Persons shall wilfully course or hunt, or take in any Slip, Noose, Toil or Snare, or kill, wound or destroy, or shoot at or otherwise attempt to kill, wround or destroy, or shall carry away any Red or Fallow Deer, kept or being in the inclosed Part of any Forest, Chase, Purlieu or ancient Walk, or any inclosed Park, Paddock, Wood or other inclosed Ground wherein Deer are, have been or shall be usually kept, without the Consent of the Owner of such Deer, or without being otherwise duly authorized, or shall knowingly be aiding, abetting or assisting therein or thereunto, every Person so wilfully offending as aforesaid, in any of the Cases above mentioned, shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of Felony, and being lawfully convicted thereof upon Indictment, shall be adjudged to be transported for the Term of Seven Years.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person shall wilfully course or hunt, or take in any Slip, Noose, Toil or Snare, or kill, wound or destroy, or shoot at or otherwise attempt to kill, wound or destroy, or shall carry away any Red or Fallow Deer, kept or being in the uninclosed Part of any Forest, Chase, Purlieu or ancient Walk, without the Consent of the Owner of such Deer, or without being otherwise

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 107. 609

duly authorized, or shall knowingly be aiding, abetting or assisting therein or thereunto, every Person so offending shall, for every such Act of wilful coursing or hunting, and for every such Attempt to kill, wound or destroy, and for every Deer so taken or killed, wounded or destroyed, or shot at or carried away as aforesaid, in or from any uninclosed Part of any Forest, Chase, Purlieu or ancient Walk, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds and if the Offender in any of the Cases aforesaid shall be a Keeper of or Person in any Manner entrusted with the Care or Custody of Deer in the Forest, Chase, Purlieu or ancient Walk, wherein the Offence shall be committed, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay Double the Penalty herein-before enacted to be

other Offenders. ( a)[ Magistrates mitigate

51 G.3. c. 120.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Powrers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Methods, Forms, Restrictions and all other Matters and Things enacted, prescribed, appointed or contained in and by an Act of the Parliament of Great Britain, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act more effectually to prevent the stealing of Deer; and to repeal several former Statutes made for the like Purpose, for or concerning the seizing and apprehending and the Conviction of Persons offending against the said Act, and for or concerning the Recovery, Application and Disposal of the Penalties and Forfeitures therein mentioned, and for or concerning the Time and Manner of appealing from Convictions, and of bringing Actions or Prosecutions against any Person or Persons for any Thing done under or in pursuance of the said Act, and for or concerning the Manner of pleading and other Proceedings in such Actions, and the Costs by the said Act given in certain Cases shall so far as the same respectively are applicable be in full Force and Effect, and be applied and made Use of in seizing and apprehending, and in convicting Offenders against this Act, and in the Recovery, Application and Disposal of the Penalties and Forfeitures hereby imposed, and with respect to the Time and Manner of appealing from Convictions, and of bringing Actions and Prosecutions against any Person for any Thing done under or in pursuance of this Act, and with respect to the Manner of pleading and other Proceedings in such Actions, and the Costs thereof, and for all other Purposes to which such Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Methods, Forms, Restrictions, Matters and Things, or any of them, are applicable under this Act, as fully as if the same had been severally herein contained and set forth: Provided always, that in case of Non Payment of any pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture imposed by this Act, with the Charges incident to the Conviction, immediately on the Conviction, and for Want of sufficient Distress of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, he and they shall be sent by the Justice or Justices before whom such Conviction shall be made to the Common Gaol of the County, Riding or Division, City, Town or Place, where the Offence was committed, for Six Months, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, unless the Penalty and Charges incident be sooner paid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons after having been duly convicted of any Offence for which a pecuniary

paid oy

Penalty,

Penalty 50l. Keepers of Deer, &c. offending, double Penalty.

Provisions of 16. G. 5. c. 50. extended to this Act.

In Default of Payment of Penalties, Offenders may be committed for Six Months.

Persons convicted of a Second Of-

610 C. 107—109.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

fence, punishable by a pecuniary Penalty, adjudged Felons, &c.

Convictions for First Offences transmitted to Quarter Sessions. and filed, for Proof.

So much of 16 G. 5. c. 30. § 1. as inflicts Penalties for hunting or shooting Deer, &c. repealed.

Proviso for Scotland and Ireland.

[JRepealed 49 G.5. c. 120.]

niary Penalty or Forfeiture is imposed, either by this Act or by the said Act made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall offend a Second Time by committing any Offence against this Act, for which a pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture is herein-before imposed, such Second Offence, whether it be the same Offence as the first Offence, or be any other of the said Offences, shall be deemed and taken to be a Felon, and the Person or Persons guilty thereof being lawfully convicted upon Indictment, shall be adjudged to be transported for the Term of Seven Years.

V. And to the Intent that the Prosecution of Persons who shall offend a Second Time may be carried on with as little Expence and Trouble as may be; Be it further enacted, That the Justice before whom any Person shall be convicted, for the First Time, of any Offence against this Act for which a pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture is imposed, shall transmit such Conviction under his Hand and Seal to the Quarter Session which next after such Conviction shall be holden for the County, Riding or Division, City, Town or Place wherein such First Offence was committed, there to be filed by the Clerk of the Peace or other proper Officer, and kept amongst the Records of the Court; and such Conviction so filed or a true Copy thereof, certified by such Clerk of the Peace or other Officer, or proved to be a true Copy, shall be sufficient Evidence to prove the Conviction for such First Offence as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, co much of the said Act made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as imposes or inflicts any Penalty, Forfeiture or Punishment, on any Person who shall hunt or course, or take in any Slip, Noose, Toil or Snare, or kill, wound or destroy, or shoot at or otherwise attempt to kill, wound or destroy, or carry away any Fallow Deer in any Forest, Chase, Purlieu or ancient Walk, whether inclosed or not, or in any inclosed Park, Paddock, Wood or other inclosed Ground, where Deer were or had been or should be usually kept, without the Consent of the Owner, or without being otherwise duly authorized, or who shall be aiding, abetting or assisting the rein, shall, with respect to the said Offences committed after the passing of this Act, be and the same is hereby repealed.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to those Parts of the United Kingdom called Scotland and Ireland.

CAP. CVIII.

An Act for encreasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

[26th June 1802.]

CAP. CIX.

An Act for authorizing and rendering valid the Discharge of certain Militia Men in Ireland; and for giving Indemnity t qthe several Counties and Places in Ireland which may incur any Expence in consequence of the Discharge of certain Militia Men.

[26th June 1802.]

A.D. 1802. 42° Geo. nr.

C. 110—115.

611

CAP. CX.

An Act for raising the Sum of Five Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great, for the

Year One thousand eight hundred and three.

[26th June 1802.]

CAP. CXI.

An Act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and three.

[26th June 1802.]

CAP. CXII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of, to be by them

placed to the Account of the Commissioners ior the Reduction of the National Debt of Great Britain.

[26th 1802.]

CAP. CXIII.

An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity (#) on Lord Hutchinson Baron Hutchinson of, and of

KnocJdofty in the county of , and the Two next

Persons to whom the Title of Baron Hutchinson shall descend, in Consideration of his eminent Services.

[26th June IS02.]

(a) [£.2,000.]

CAP. CXIV.

An Act for extending the Provisions of Two Acts of the Thirty fifth and Thirty eighth Years of His present Majesty, so far as they relate to the Encouragement of Persons coming to Milford Haven for the Purpose of carrying-on the Southern Whale Fishery. ( )[26th June 1802.] (5) [t Jntil31s£ December 1805.]

CAP. CXV.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

[26th June 1802.]

EXP.

35 G. g. c. 92. § S 6.38 G. 3. c. 57. § 7.

EXP.

612

C. 116.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Provisions of 38 G.5. c. 60.

39 G. 3. c. 6.

39 G.3. c. 21.

39 G. 3. c. 40.

39 G. 3. c. 43.

39 G. 3. c. 108.

CAP. CXVI.

An Act for consolidating the Provisions of the several Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, into One Act, and for making further Provision for the Redemption and Sale thereof; and for removing Doubts respecting the Right of Persons claiming to vote at Elections for Knights of the Shire and other Members to serve in Parliament, in respect of Messuages, Lands or Tenements, the Land Tax upon which shall have been redeemed or purchased.

[26th June 1802.]

WHEREAS the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts

‘ passed in His present Majesty's Reign for the Redemption and Purchase of Land Tax, would be more easily carried 6 into Execution, if the same were varied and amended in some Respects and were comprized in One Act; and it is expedient that further Provision should be made for facilitating the Redemption and Purchase of the Land Tax Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every the Provisions, Powers, Rules, Directions and Clauses contained in an Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the Manlier therein stated, the several Sums of Money notv charged in Great Britain as a Land Taxfor One Year from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight; and

in an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to enlarge the Time limited for the Redemption of the Land Tax, and to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the Manner therein stated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Taxfor One Year from the Pay of

6 March One thousand seven hundred and and in an-

other Act also passed in the Thirty ninth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend and render more effectual Ttvo Acts passed in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign and the present Session of Parliament, for the Redemption

and Purchase of the Land Tax; and in another Act also passed in the Thirty ninth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend so much of Three Acts made in the last and present Session of Parliament, for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase, the several Sums of Money charged as a Land, as relates to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and in another Act also passed in the Thirty ninth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for enlarging the Time limited by certain Acts passed for the Redemption of the Land Tax, for receiving Contracts and making Transfers of Stock thereon, and for explaining and amending the said and in another Act also

passed in the Thirty ninth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend and render effectual several Acts for the

Redemption

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 116.

613

Redemption and Purchase of the Land, and also in an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for extendingfrom the Twenty ffth Pay

of March One thousand eight hundre,until the Twenty ffth Pay of March One thousand eight hundred and the Period of Preference granted and continued by several Acts to Bodies Corporate and Persons for the Redemption of Land and for enlarging

the Powers contained in the said and also in an Act passed in the Forty first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to explain, amend and render more effectual the several Acts made in the Thirty eighth and Thirty ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and in the last of Parliament, for the

Redemption and Purchase of the Land Tax; and in another Act also passed in the Forty first Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for extending the Period of Preference granted and continued by several Acts to Bodies Corporate and Persons for the Redemption of the Land Tax, and to amend an Act of the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax; shall from and after the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two cease and determine; (save and except in the Cases herein after mentioned, and also save and except such Parts of the said first recited Act as continue for ever, subject to Redemption and Purchase, the several and respective Sums of Money charged by virtue of an Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for granting Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be 7'aised Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, in the respective Counties, Ridings, Stewartries, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns and Places in Great Britain, in respect of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments lying therein respectively, and the Powers, Rules, Directions, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Matters and Things in the said last mentioned Act contained, for putting the same in Execution; save also and except as to the Commissions already granted by Flis Majesty, by His Royal Letters Patent under the Great Seal or under the Royal Sign Manual, to the several Persons therein respectively named, for the Purpose of executing the said Acts according to the Tenor thereof, and also as to all Appointments by virtue and under the Authority of the said Acts or any of them, of any Officer or Officers to act in the Execution thereof;) and every Contract which shall be entered into after the said Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, for the Redemption or Purchase of any Land Tax, shall be entered into and made according to the Provisions and Directions of this Act.

[See §72.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every the Provisions, Powers, Rules, Directions and Clauses contained in the said recited Acts for the Redemption of Land Tax relating and applicable to all Contracts for the Redemption of any Land Tax, and to all Sales, Enfranchisements and Mortgages of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and to all Grants of any Rent Charges issuing the reout, and to all Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, and to all other Acts, Proceedings', 42 Geo. III. S s Matters

39 & 40G. 3. c. 50.

41 G. 3. (G.B.) c. 28.

41G. 3. (UK.) C. 72.

to cease from June 24. 1802. except § 1. of 38 G. 3. c. 60. making the Land Tax on Land perpetual.

And except as to Commissioners under 39 G. 3. c. 21. §2.

Provisions of recited Acts relating to Contracts, Sales, &c. on or prior to June 24. 1802, to remain in force unless varied by this Act.

614

Powers of 38 G. 3* c. 5. not hereby varied, shall continue in force as to Land Tax remaining, payable from Time to Time.

Commissioners and Officers already appointed may execute this Act.

His Majesty may appoint Commissioners of Land Tax to be Commissioners for selling the Land Tax unredeemed or unsold.

c. 116, 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Matters and Things, which shall at any Time before or on the said Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two,

have been entered into, ma'de, had, executed, incurred, done or performed by any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons, by virtue of the said recited Acts or any of them, shall, in so far as the same respectively are not varied or otherwise provided for in and by this Act, continue and be in full Force and be duly observed, practised and put in Execution, as fully and effectually as if this Act had not been passed; and all Estates, Rights and Interests, Privileges and Advantages, Powers and Remedies whatever, given, granted, conveyed or acquired under and by virtue of the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Acts or any of them, shall be and the same are hereby fully and absolutely confirmed and established.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all the several Powers, Rules, Directions, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Matters and Things, contained in the said Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, as far as the same are not varied or otherwise provided for in and by this Act, shall continue and be in full force, and be duly observed, practised and put in Execution, in relation to so much of the Land Tax by the said first recited Act made perpetual and redeemable as aforesaid, as shall from Time to Time remain payable, for the Benefit of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, as fully and effectually as if the same Powers, Rules, Directions, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Matters and Things were particularly repeated and reenacted in the Body of this Act, and expressly applied to the Provisions thereof, subject nevertheless to the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Conditions of Redemption and Purchase of such Land Tax herein contained.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all such Commissioners and Officers so already appointed as aforesaid by virtue of the said recited Acts or any of them shall and may act in the Execution of this Act, in like Manner as if they had been respectively appointed after the passing thereof: Provided always, that every Person named a Commissioner in any such Commission as aforesaid, who shall have taken the Oath prescribed by the said Acts or any of them, shall and may act in the Execution of this Act, without taking the Oath herein after directed to be taken by Persons who shall be respectively appointed to be Commissioners by virtue of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, from Time to Time, by Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, to nominate and appoint in every County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, City, Borough, Cinque Port, Town and Place in Great, any Person or Persons who are or shall be named or appointed in or by any Act or Acts now in force, or hereafter to be passed, to carry into Execution the said Act of the Thirty eighth Year of I~Iis present Majesty's Reign, for granting an Aid to I-Iis Majesty by a Land Tax, to be Commissioners for the Purpose of selling the Land Tax, from Time to Time remaining unredeemed or unsold, in the several Counties, Ridings, Shires, Stewartries, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns and Places wherein they are or shall be respectively

specially

A.D. 1802.

C. 116.

42° GEO. III.

<515

specially nominated and appointed; and the said several Persons so to be nominated or appointed by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, shall be Commissioners for that Purpose accordingly.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every such Commissioner Oath of such so hereafter to be nominated and appointed, and also every Com- Commissioners, missioner of Appeals, before he shall enter upon the Execution of g^ner°fSp. his Office, shall take an Oath to the Effect following; (that is to say,) ^5

‘ J A.B. do swear, That I will faithfully, impartially and honestly,

‘ according to the best of my Skill and Judgment, execute the several Powers and Trusts reposed in me by an Act of the Forty £ second Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third,

‘ intituled An Act [here insert the Title of this Act], according to the Tenor and Purport of the said Act. So help me GOD.’

Which Oath shall and may be administered by any One of the Persons already appointed or hereafter to be appointed a Commissioner, to any other or others of them.

[As to §§ 5, 6. of

this Act, see 54 G.3. c. 173. §§ 1—3.]

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners said Commissioners for the Time being, acting in the Execution of may examine

this Act by virtue of His Majesty's Warrant under the Royal Sign recei.ve

0 j j Inionnstion

Manual, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to on Qatll frjm

examine upon Oath or Affirmation (which Oath or Affirmation they Persons de-or any One or more of them are and is hereby authorized to sirous of re-administer) all Persons who shall be desirous of redeeming or pur- deeming orpur-chasing any Land Tax under this Act, and all Persons who shall be Land Tax^or willing to be examined touching any Matters or Things relating to reiatin<r to*Perth e Title of any Person or Persons, in Remainder, Reversion or sons entitled in Expectancy to any Estate, or having any Mortgage, Lien or In- remainder, Sic. cumbrance upon any Estate, the Land Tax charged upon which is and may require proposed to be redeemed or purchased under this Act, or touching p^js^eiatin any Matter or Thing relating thereto, that such Commissioners ^Persons may think necessary for their Information for the Execution of the claiming pre-Powers vested in them; and also to require from any Person ference, and to or Persons claiming any Benefit of Preference under this Act the receive Affida-Production upon Oath or Affirmation of any Deed, Conveyance or or Instrument, relating to such Estate, and to receive any Affidavit ^tain.

1 or Deposition in Writing, upon Oath or Affirmation, which shall be made in any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, before any Mayor or Magistrate of any City, Town or Place therein, having Authority to administer an Oath in any Matter, Civil or Criminal, in such City, Town or Place, or before any Justice of the Peace of any County or District where the Person making such Affidavit, Deposition or Affirmation, shall happen to be, or before any Commissioners or Persons who are or shall be authorized to take Affidavits in Causes depending in any of the Courts at Westminster, or to receive any Affidavit or Deposition in Writing upon Oath or Affirmation, which shall be made in any Parts beyond the Seas, before any Magistrate of the County,

Territory or Place, having competent Power and Authority to administer an Oath, and residing near the Place where the Person making such Oath or Affirmation shall also reside, and be certified and transmitted to the said Commissioners under the Hand and Seal of such Magistrate: Provided that in every such Affidavit, Requisites of

S s 2 Deposition Affidavits.

616

C. 116.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

When Affidavits are required, Parties may be examined on Oath.

Two Commissioners may contract for Redemption of Land Tax, according to Assessment under 38 G. o. c. 5. as herein mentioned.

Corporations, and Trustees for public Purposes, empowered to contract.

Persons interested empowered to contract. Exceptions.

Any One or more of Coparceners,

&c. may contract for Redemption of their own Proportion, and for

Deposition or Affirmation, there shall be expressed the Addition of the Party making the same, and the particular Place of his or her Abode, and the same shall be intituled an Affidavit, Deposition or Affirmation, made in pursuance of this Act; and in all Cases where any Affidavit or Affidavits is or are by this Act directed to be made and shown to the said respective Commissioners, the Examination of the Person or Persons by whom any such Affidavit or Affidavits is or are directed to be made, by and before such Commissioners or any Two of them, upon Oath or Affirmation to be administered in the Manner herein-before directed, shall be as valid and effectual, for the Purposes of this Act, as if the Affidavit or Affidavits hereby required had been made and produced, and shown to the said Commissioners.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Time being acting in the Execution of this Act as aforesaid, in any County, Riding, Stewartry, City, Borough, Cinque Port, Town or Place, or any Two or more of them, to contract and agree with all and every Bodies Politick and Corporate, and Companies, whether Corporate or not Corporate, and Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, and other Persons herein after described, for the Redemption of the Land Tax hereby, or by the said first recited Act, made redeemable, according to the Assessment and Rate made or to be made, in pursuance of the said Act of the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, for the Year for which such Contract shall be entered into, upon the Terms and Conditions, and in the Manner herein after mentioned and prescribed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politick and Corporate, and Companies, notwithstanding any Statutes of Mortmain or other Statutes or Acts of Parliament to the contrary, and for all Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, having any Estate or Interest in any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, whereon any Land Tax shall be charged, to contract and agree for the Redemption of such Land Tax or any Part thereof.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall also be lawful for all

other Persons having any Estate or Interest in any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, whereon any Land Tax shall be charged (except Tenants at Rack Rent for any Term of Years, or from Year to Year, or at Will, and except Tenants holding under the Crown any Lands or Tenements within the Survey and Receipt of the Exchequer, or the Duchy of Lancaster, or under the Duke of Cornwall, any Lands or Tenements belonging to and Parcel of the Duchy of, for any Term

of Years, or from Year to Year, or at Will,) to contract and agree for the Redemption of such Land Tax or any Part thereof.

XL. And be it further enacted, That where Two or more Persons shall be seised or entitled in undivided Shares and Proportions, either as Coparceners, Heirs Portioned, Tenants in Common or Joint Tenants, of or to any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, it shall be lawful for any One or more of such Persons to contract and agree for the Redemption of his, her or their Proportion of the Land Tax charged thereon, in the same

Manner

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 116.

617

Manner as if such Proportion of Land Tax had been separately the Proportions charged on such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Here- ^o^Tlfree3" ditaments, and as if such Person or Persons was or were solely seised ^nthV No-or entitled of or to the same; and if any One or more of such tice>

Person or Persons who shall be so seised or entitled in undivided Shares or Proportions as aforesaid shall neglect or refuse to redeem his, her or their Proportion or Proportions of the Land Tax charged on such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for any other or others of such Persons (after giving Three Calendar Months’ Notice of his, her or their Intention, to the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid,) to contract and agree for the Redemption of the Proportion or Proportions of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to redeem, of and in such Land Tax.' [See §§39. 93. 124.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Canal Compa-Company or Companies of Proprietors of Canals or other Naviga- nk's> &c- em_ tions, or other Works of publick Utility, established or sanctioned ^pro011' by the Authority of Parliament, to contract and agree for the Re- prr*et0rS for demption of the Land Tax charged, as well on the Tolls and other their Propor-Prohts arising from such Canals or Navigations, or other such tions, &c. of Works of publick Utility, as on any Messuages, Lands, Tenements Land Tax 33 or Hereditaments belonging thereto; or it shall be lawful for each Toll^on and every of the respective Proprietors to contract and agree for the Redemption of their respective Shares or Proportions of such Land Tax, and also for the Shares or Proportions of other Proprietors neglecting or refusing to redeem their Shares or Proportions, in like Manner as Coparceners, Heirs Portioners, Tenants in Common and Joint Tenants are hereby authorized to redeem the Land Tax charged on other Hereditaments.

[See $ 49.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That notwithstanding any Persons having Thing in the said recited Act of the Thirty eighth Year of His Shares in present Majesty's Reign, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Water Vvolks> Land Tax, contained to the contrary thereof, it shall be lawful for ^SULiahts° all Persons having any Shares or Interests in the River, or in g^ck in King’s the Thames Water Works, or in Maryle bone or Hampstead Printing Office, Water Works, or in any Office or Stock for insuring Houses in case Companies of of Fire, or in any Lights, or in any Stock or Stocks for printing of Merchants m Books in or belonging to the House commonly called The King’s J^Bank^m-

Printing House, and all Companies of Merchants in London, and puwerecfto the Bank of England, and also the Proprietors of the respective contract, &c. Water Works within the Town of Colchester in the County of Essex, the City and County of Exeter and the Town of Shrewsbury, to contract and agree for the Redemption of the Tax charged or to be charged by way of Land Tax upon such their respective Shares, Interests, Joint Stock and Stocks, and Profits aforesaid; or it shall be lawful for any individual Proprietor thereof, either jointly or severally, to contract and agree for the Redemption of so much and such Part or Parts of the said Tax as shall be equivalent to the Share or Shares of any individual Proprietor, or any Number of Proprietors, in such Shares, Interests, Joint Stock and Stocks, and Profits aforesaid, upon the same Terms and Conditions, and in the same Manner as herein is directed with respect

618

Committees, Trustees, Sec. empowered to contract for Lunatics, Cestui que Trusts, Sec.

[And see § 53.]

Governors of Queen Anne’s Bounty may contract.

Trustees for Poor Clergy may contract,

Colleges and other Patrons of Livings may contract where Incumbents have not redeemed.

c. 116. 4-2° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

to the Land Tax charged upon any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all

Committees and Curators of Lunaticks or of Idiots, and for all Tutors and Guardians of Infants, and for all Persons having Authority to act for Infants, married Women and other Persons incapable of acting for themselves, to contract and agree, on Behalf of such Lunaticks, Idiots, Infants, married Women and other Persons incapable of acting for themselves, for the Redemption of any Land Tax hereby or by the said first recited Act made redeemable, which such Lunaticks, Idiots, Infants, married Women or other Persons incapable of acting for themselves, could or might have redeemed by virtue of this Act, if they respectively had not been under any Incapacity; and it shall also be lawful for all Trustees to contract and agree in like Manner on Behalf of the Persons for whom they shall be Trustees, for the Redemption of any Land Tax hereby made redeemable, which shall be charged on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or other Property of which they shall be Trustees. § 53.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, to contract and agree for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged or hereafter to be charged upon the Lands, Tythes or other Profits arising from any Living or Livings within the Meaning of the Charter granted in the Reign of Queen Anne, or any Act or Acts now in force directing the Application of such Bounty, which shall not have been contracted for by the Incumbent or Incumbents thereof.

[See §§ 44. 161.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the

Trustees for the Time being of any Trust Property heretofore given by any Will, for the Purpose of being laid out in the Purchase of Lands or Impropriate Tythes for the Benefit of the poor Clergy in j England-,with such Consent as is required by such Will, to contract and agree for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged or hereafter to be charged upon the Lands, Tythes or other Profits arising from such Living or Livings belonging to the Church of England, as the Trustees for the Time being, with such Consent

as aforesaid, shall think fit.

[See §§45. 77.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That 'where the Land Tax charged upon the Glebe Lands, Tythes or other Profits of any Living or Livings in the Patronage of any College, Cathedral Church, Hall or House of Learning in either of the Universities of Oxford or Cambridge, or in the Patronage of either of the Colleges of Eton or Winchester, or of any Trustee or Trustees for any such College, Cathedral Church, Hall or Plouse of Learning as aforesaid, or in the Patronage of any other Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes or other Person or Persons, shall not then have been redeemed by the Incumbent or Incumbents of such Living or Livings, it shall be lawful for the Corporations of such Colleges, Cathedral Churches, Halls or Houses of Learning respectively, or for such other Bodies Politick or Corporate or Companies, or other Person or Persons aforesaid, in whose Patronage any such Living or Livings shall be, to contract and agree for the

Redemption

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 116.

619

Redemption of such Land Tax, upon the same Terms and with the same Benefits and Advantages as the Incumbent or Incumbents of such Living or Livings could or might have contracted, to redeem the same.

" Corporations and Persons before described shall have the Preference [unlessthey decline, see § 152. till June 24. 1803.

§ 18.

[Exp.]

" Corporations, Trustees and Persons in Possession (except certain " Tenants) preferred to those in Reversion, till Dec. 25. 1802; " and those in Reversion to all having no Interest till said June " 24. 1803. § 19.

[Exp.]

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all Bodies Politick and Corporate, and Companies and Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, and other Persons to whom such Benefit of Preference is given until the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three as aforesaid, may at any Time thereafter contract and agree for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged on their respective Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, wherein they shall have any Estate or Interest as aforesaid, in the same Manner, and under the same Terms and Conditions (except as to the Period allowed for the Transfer or Payment of the Consideration) as such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes or other Persons, may do prior to the said Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, provided no Offer shall have been made for the Purchase of such Land Tax, in pursuance of the Provisions herein after contained: Provided also, that when any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies or other Persons having any such Estate or Interest as aforesaid, shall at any Time after the said Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, give Notice in Writing to the respective Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act as aforesaid, of their Intention to redeem their Land Tax, such Land Tax shall not be sold to any other Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies or Persons, not having any Estate or Interest therein, until after the Expiration of three Calendar Months from the Date of such Notice as aforesaid: Provided also, that where any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies or other Persons being in the actual Possession or immediately entitled to the Rents and Profits of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall at any Time after the said Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, give Notice in Writing to such respective Commissioners of their Intention to redeem the Land Tax charged thereon, such Land Tax shall not be redeemed by any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies or other Persons having any Estate in Remainder, Reversion or Expectancy in or being substitute Heirs of Entail called to succeed to such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, until the Expiration of Three Calendar Months from the Date of such Notice; (save where such Estate shall be expectant on the Determination of any Grant or Demise for Years absolute, or for Years determinable on Lives, for which a Fine or Premium hath been or shall be

After June 24. 1803, Parties entitled to Preference may redeem on the same Terms except as to Periods of Transfer, if no other Offer shall have been made.

[i$’ee§ 2 5.p

If Parties interested give Notice of Intent to redeem, Land Tax not to be sold for Three Months.

If Parties in Possession give Notice, they shall (except in certain Cases) be preferred to Parties in Reversion.

C. 116.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

620

"Who shall be deemed Parties i n Possession of Manors, &c. let at Rack Rents.

Where Corporations, &c. treat fo" Sale of Lands, held under Demise from them, and obtain a Certificate from Two Commissioners, they may during the Period specified therein be preferred to the beneficial Lessees, on producing such Certificate to Commissioners of Sale under this Act.

paid, or for Lives where a Rent hath been or shall be reserved or a Fine or Premium paid; in which Case such Notice shall not entitle any such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies or other Persons, being in the actual Possession or entitled as aforesaid to any Benefit of Priority or Preference in the Redemption of such Land Tax); and where any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments as aforesaid, shall be leased or demised at a Rack Rent, for any Term or Number of Years, or at Will, the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons beneficially entitled to the Rent reserved or made payable on any such Lease or Demise, shall (notwithstanding any Covenant or Agreement for the Payment of the Land Tax charged on such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, by the Tenant or Lessee thereof) be considered as being in the actual Possession of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, for the Purpose of claiming and being entitled to such Benefit of Preference as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That where any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or any Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other public Purposes as aforesaid, shall in pursuance of the Powers of the said recited Acts or any of them have entered, or shall hereafter enter into any Treaty for the Sale of any of their Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, holden under any Demise made by them, by Copy of Court Roll or otherwise so*r Lives or for any Term or Terms of Years determinable on Lives or for Years absolute, or shall have made, or shall hereafter make any Application to the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act by virtue of His Majesty's Letters Patent under the Great Seal, for their Sanction and Approbation of any such Sale as aforesaid, and shall obtain a Certificate under the I-Iands of any two of the same Commissioners, that in their Opinion such Bodies Politick or Corporate or Companies or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, are proceeding or intend to proceed bona fide, and with reasonable Diligence, to carry such Sale into Execution (which Certificate shall specify for what Period of Time the same shall run and operate) it shall be lawful for such Bodies Politick and Corporate, or Companies and Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, during the Continuance of such Period (notwithstanding any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary) to contract and agree for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged on their Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in preference to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, having or holding such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, under any such Demise as aforesaid: Provided al ways, that such Bodies Politick and Corporate, or Companies or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, hereby enabled to contract with such Preference as aforesaid, shall produce such Certificate as aforesaid to the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act, by virtue of His Majesty's Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, for the County, Riding or Place where the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, the Land Tax whereof shall be proposed to be redeemed, shall be

situate. I See 53 3. c. 123. § 2.]

A.D. 1802.

4*2° GEO. III. C. 116.

623

XXII. And be it farther enacted, That the Consideration to be given for the Redemption of any such Land Tax as aforesaid shall be so much Capital Stock of Public Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, bearing Interest after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, commonly called the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities, and the Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities, or one of them, as will yield an Annuity or Dividend exceeding the Amount of the Land Tax so to be redeemed as aforesaid by One Tenth Part thereof; such Capital Stock to be transferred to the Commissioners appointed by an Act of the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Reduction of the National Debt, in Trust for the Purposes of this Act.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where the Land Tax so to be redeemed in any County, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewartry or Place, for which separate Commissioners under the Royal Sign Manual are or shall be appointed to act, shall not exceed the Sum of Twenty five Pounds per Annum, it shall be lawful to pay the Consideration for the same in lawful Money of Great Britain, in lieu of transferring Stock in the Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities; and such Consideration shall be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General of the Land Tax for the County, Riding or Place in England, or his Deputy, or to the Collector for the Shire, Stewartry or Place in Scotland, where the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, of which the Land Tax shall be so redeemed, shall be situate; and the Amount of the Money to be paid as the Consideration for the Redemption of any such Land Tax shall be calculated, settled and ascertained according to the Price of Stock to be from Time to Time transmitted to such Receiver General, or his Deputy in England, or Collector in Scotland, in the Manner herein after directed, and according to the Table in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (L.), and the Rules and Directions therein contained.

[See 43 G. 3. c. 51.]

XXIV. And to the End that such Receivers General or their Deputies, and such Collectors, may be enabled to settle and adjust the Sums which ought in such Cases to be paid as the Consideration for the Redemption of any Land Tax Be it further enacted, That from the Time when the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall be opened for the Transfer of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, after the Fifth Day of January in every Year and until the Books shall be opened for the Transfer of Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities after the Fifth Day of in

such Year and so from Time to Time when the said Books shall be opened for the Transfer of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities, after the Fifth Day of in every Year, until the Books shall be opened for the Transfer of Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities after the Tenth Day of October in such Year, the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall, and they are hereby required, on Tuesday in every Week, the same not being a Holiday, or being a Holiday, then on the Day preceding not being a Holiday, to cause an Account to be made out of the Average

Price

Consideration for Redemption.

Where Land Tax to be redeemed in any Place, for which separate Commissioners appointed, shall not exceed 25l. per Ann. Consideration may be paid in Money as herein mentioned,

and calculated according to Schedule (L.)

Bank to transmit Weekly Accounts of Average Price of the 3 per Cent. Consuls, or o per Cent. Reduced respectively, to Commissioners for Taxes, who shall publish in the Gazette, and transmit to Receivers General, &c. an Account of the Price, to regulate the Consideration for the

622

C. 116.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Redemption of Land Tax, in Money.

The Consideration of Stock for Redemption of Land Tax contracted Cor before or on June 24. 1805, transferred within Five Years, from June 24. 1802;

and after within Two Years from the Contract; to the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt; by Four In-

Price at which the Three Pounds Centum Consolidated Annuities shall have been bought on such Day, (or otherwise on the following open Day on which such Stock shall be bought, in case any Stock shall have been bought at the Bank of England on such Day,) and shall cause the same to be transmitted to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and so from Time to Time when the Books shall be opened at the Bank of England for the Transfer of Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities, after the Fifth Day of April in every Year, until the Books shall be opened at the

Bank of England for the Transfer of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities, after the Fifth Day of July in such Year and so from Time to Time when the said Books shall be opened at the said Bank of England for the Transfer of Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities, after the Tenth Day of October in every Year and until the Books shall be opened for the Transfer of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities, after the Fifth Day of January then next ensuing, the said Cashier or Cashiers shall and they are hereby required to transmit to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, such and the like Account of the Average Price of Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities as is herein-before directed to be transmitted, of the Average Price of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities; and the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall thereupon cause to be published in the London Gazette, and also transmitted to the respective Receivers General in the several Counties, Ridings, Divisions or Places in, or to their respective Deputies, and to the Receiver General in, to

be by him transmitted to the respective Collectors in the several Shires, Stewartries and Places in, an Account of the

Frice, which according to the Heads of the respective Columns in the said Schedule contained ought to be the Consideration for the Redemption of such Land Tax; which Account, so published and transmitted, shall be sufficient Authority to such Receivers General or their Deputies, and to such Collectors respectively, to settle and adjust the Sums which, according to the Tables, Rules and Directions in the said Schedule contained, ought to be paid as the Consideration for the Redemption of such Land Tax, on all Payments to be made pursuant to the said Account.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That where the Consideration for the Redemption of any Land Tax shall be in Stock, and such Land Tax shall be contracted for by any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons entitled to such Benefit of Preference as aforesaid, before or on the said Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, the whole Amount of the Consideration shall be transferred within the Period of Five Yenrs from the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two; and where any such Land Tax shall be contracted for by any such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons aforesaid, after the said Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, the whole Amount of such Consideration shall be transferred within the Period of Two Years from the Date of such Contract, and the Consideration in every such Case shall be transferred to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, by

Four

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 116.

623

Four Instalments in every Year; (videlicet,) either on or before the First Day of May, the First Day of August, the Fifst Day of November and the First Day of February in each Year, the First Instalment to be made on or before such of the said Days as shall next ensue the entering into the Contract: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Persons before described, to stipulate with the said Commissioners with whom the Contract shall be made, for the Transfer of the Whole of the said Capital Stock at one Time, or that the same shall be transferred by Instalments within any shorter Period or Periods than the Periods herein-before prescribed, 60 that the same be by even Instalments at equal Intervals within the Period stipulated, and on or before the respective Days before mentioned in each Year, or on such of the said Days as shall fall within the Period stipulated for such Transfer: Provided also, that it shall be lawful to transfer the whole Stock so agreed to be transferred as the Consideration for the Redemption of any Land Tax, or any Part thereof, in Advance to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, notwithstanding any Stipulations in the Contract to the contrary: Provided also, that if the Whole of the Stock so agreed to be transferred, shall not be transferred at One Time, but by Instalments, and if a Division of the entire Quantity of Stock into equal Sums, to be paid by such Instalments, would occasion a Fraction less than the Fraction of One Penny, the fractional Part or Parts less than One Penny necessary to such equal Division shall be taken from every prior Instalment, and added to the last Instalment, so as to avoid any Fraction less than a Penny.

[See 46 G.3. c. 143. 1.]

" Transfers may be made in Advance.

[Exp.']

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That -where the Consideration for the Redemption of any Land Tax shall be in lawful Money of Great Britain, the same shall be paid either by one Payment or by equal Instalments, as the Party shall choose, and shall cause to be stipulated in the Contract, so as that such Instalment shall not exceed Eight in Number, and that the whole Consideration be paid within the Period of Two Years from the Date of the Contract, according to the Price of Stock to be transmitted as herein-before is directed, to the respective Receivers General in England, and Collectors in Scotland, in the Second Week subsequent to the Day of entering into the Contract, but in Cases where the whole Consideration shall not be paid at One Time, but shall be by Instalments, then for every Second and subsequent Instalment, according to the Price of Stock transmitted in the Week preceding the Day or Daj^s stipulated, and conformably to the Table, Rules and Directions contained in the Schedule marked (L.); and in every such Case the Sum stipulated to be paid shall be duty paid to the respective Receivers Or their Deputies in England, or the respective Collectors in Scotland, on the Dav or Days stipulated for the Payment thereof: Provided always, that if the Consideration shall be to be paid by Instalments, and if a Division of the entire Amount of Land Tax into equal Instalments would occasion a Fraction less than the Fraction of One Farthing, the Fractional Part or Parts less than One Farthing necessary to

stalments yearly; or the whole may be transferred at once, or by shorter Instalments.

Fractions less than id. to be avoided.

Consideration in Money may be paid at once, or by Instalments, not exceeding Eight, payable in Two Years, according to the Price of Stock.

Fractions less than One Farthing.

624

C. 116.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

The Whole or Pavt of Consideration may, be paid in Advance, on Notice to Receiver General, &c. who shall transmit to Tax Office an Account of such intended Payments.

How such Payments to be made.

On making the Second and every subsequent Instalment, Interest shall be paid.

A separate Account of Interest shall be kept, &c.

Interest to cease on Payments in Advance.

such equal Division shall be taken from every prior Instalment of Land Tax, and be added to the last Instalment, so as to avoid any Fraction less than One Farthing.

[See § 24. ante.']

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to pay to the Receivers General in, or

Collectors in Scotland respectively, the Whole of such Consideration or any Part thereof in Advance, notwithstanding any Stipulation in the said Contract to the contrary; provided the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Persons desirous of making any such Payments in Advance, shall give Twenty one Days previous Notice in Writing at the least to every such Receiver General or Collector, of such their Intention; and every such Receiver General or his Deputy in, or Collector in Scotland, shall immediately upon the Receipt of such Notice transmit to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, for the Information of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, an Account of the Payments so intended to be made in Advance, and of the Day or Days on which the same are intended to be made; and all such Payments in Advance shall be made according to the Price of Stock to be transmitted to such Receiver General or his Deputy, or Collector, in the Week preceding the Day or Days of such Payments, and the Table, Rules and Directions in the said Schedule marked (L.) contained.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That upon every such Contract upon which the Transfer of Stock or Payment of Money shall be made by Instalments, there shall be paid, at the Time of making the Second, and so of every subsequent Instalment upon such Contract, into the Hands of the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, (in Cases where the Consideration shall be in Stock,) and into the Hands of the Receivers General in England, or Collectors in Scotland, (in Cases where the Consideration shall be in Money,) to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, a Sum of Money by way of Interest, equal to the Amount of the Land Tax redeemed, deducting therefrom a Sum bearing the same Proportion to such Land Tax, as the Amount of the Stock then before transferred bears to the whole Amount of the Stock agreed to be transferred, or (in Cases of Consideration in Money) the Number of Instalments then before paid bears to the Number of Instalments agreed to be paid ns the Consideration for such Contract, having Regard, in Cases of Considerations in Stock, to the Time when the first Dividend after the Transfer of such Stock will become payable; of which Sums so to be paid bjr way of Interest, a separate Account shall be kept at the Bank of England, and by such respective Receivers and Collectors, and the same shall from Time to Time be paid separately into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, and shall be applicable to such Uses and Purposes as shall have been or shall be voted by the Commons in Parliament; and the Receipt of the Cashier of the Bank of England, and of such Receiver General or Collector, as the Case may be, shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Party paying such Sum by way of Interest as aforesaid: Provided always, that from and after the Transfer of any Stock, or the Payment of any Money in Advance, all Interest on account of such Stock

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 116.

625

Stock so transferred, or of such Money so paid in Advance, shall cease and be no longer payable.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Bodies Politick and Corporate, or Companies, or other Persons claiming on their own Behalf, or on the Behalf of others, the Benefit of Preference hereby given, shall produce to any Two Commissioners of Land Tax acting in and for the Hundred, Ward, Lathe, Wapentake, Rape or other Division of the County, Riding, City, Borough, Cinque Port, Town or Place in England, or if in Scotland to any Two Commissioners of Supply of the County or Stewartry, or Chief Magistrate of the City or Borough, within which any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or other Property, the Land Tax whereof shall be proposed to be redeemed by virtue of this Act, shall be situate, a Schedule or Description in Writing of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or other Property; which Schedule shall contain the respective Natures of the Premises, and the Name or Names of the respective Occupiers thereof, and the Parish or Place where the same shall be situate; and the said Commissioners of Land Tax or Supply, or Chief Magistrate respectively, shall ascertain, settle and adjust the Amount of the Land Tax charged upon the respective Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or other Property contained in such Schedule, distinguishing, according to the Form and Method in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (A.), the District or Division, and also the Parish or Place, Parishes or Places within which, and the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or other Property, upon which each separate Assessment of Land Tax shall be charged; and shall grant a Certificate («) thereof to the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons applying for the same, who shall thereupon produce such Certificate to the respective Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act, for the same Place, by virtue of His Majesty's Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, or transmit the same to their Clerk; and if the Land Tax proposed to be redeemed shall not exceeed the Sum of Tv/enty five Pounds, and the Consideration for the Redemption thereof is to be in Money, shall specify the same in Writing, and whether the same is proposed to be paid in One Sum or by Instalments, and also the Day or Days on which the same is proposed to be paid; and the said last mentioned Commissioners are hereby authorized and required to examine such Certificate, and amend the same if necessary, and thereupon to contract and agree with the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Persons applying for the Redemption of such Land Tax, according to the Directions of this Act; and the said last mentioned Commissioners shall cause the Description of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or other Property comprized in the Certificate of Land Tax, to be inserted in the Certificate of the Contract.

(a) [As to Form for Certificate, see §163.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That where the Consideration for the Redemption of any Land Tax shall be in Stock, the Certificate of the Contract shall be in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (B.), and where the Consideration for such Redemption shall be in lawful Money of Great Britain,

Parties claiming Preference to produce a Description of the Property to Two Commissioners of Land Tax, &c. who shall settle and certify Amount of Land Tax, according to Schedule (A.)

Such Certificate to be produced to and examined by Commissioners for Redemption; who may agree with the Parties for the Redemption of the Land Tax.

Form of Certificates of Contract for Stock-

G2G

42° GEO. III.

Where Commissioners have Copies of Assessments of Land Tax, transmitted under 39 G. 3. c. 21., they may contract with the Parties, although they do not produce Certificates of the Amount; but the Description of the Estate, and also a Copy of the Assessment, shall be transmitted to the Commissioners, and inserted in the Certificate of Contract.

Clerks to Land Tax Commissioners, when required by Commissioners, or whenever any Alteration shall be made in Assesment, to transmit Copies of such Assessment or Alteration, &c.

C. 116.

A.D. 1802.

such Certificate shall be in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (C.).

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That where the said Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act as aforesaid shall have in their Possession Copies of the respective Assessments of Land Tax, charged upon the respective Parishes or Places in their respective Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Stewartries or Places, which shall have been transmitted to them as true Copies, by the Clerks to the Commissioners of Land Tax, acting in and for any Hundred, Ward, Lathe, Wapentake or other Division in England, or by the Clerks to the Commissioners of Supply in Scotland, of the County, Stewartry, City or Burgh wherein such Parishes or Places shall be situate, according to the Directions of the said secondly recited Act of the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act as aforesaid, to contract and agree with any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons, for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged upon their respective Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, although no Certificate of the Amount of such Land Tax shall be produced and shown to them by the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons applying to redeem the same: Provided always, that such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons, shall transmit to the Clerk of the said Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act as aforesaid such or the like Schedule or Description in Writing, of all and every the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, charged with such Land Tax, as is hereby required to be produced to the said Commissioners of Land Tax or Supply; and the said Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act shall cause to be inserted in every Certificate of such Contract the Description of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or other Property, contained in such Schedule, and also a true Copy of the Assessment, so far as relates to such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or other Property, together with the Amount of the Land Tax charged thereon, according to such Copy of the Assessment as shall be in their Possession as aforesaid.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where the said Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act as aforesaid shall not have in their Possession any such Copies of the respective Assessments of Land Tax charged upon any Parishes or Places, and shall have demanded or cause to be demanded the same from the Clerks to the Commissioners of Land Tax or Supply acting in their respective Divisions as aforesaid (which they are hereby authorized and required to do), and also in every Case where any Alteration shall be made in the Assessments of Land Tax by or under the Authority of such Commissioners of Land Tax or Supply, the Clerk to the said Commissioners for the Time being, having such Assessments in his Custody, shall and he is hereby required, within Six Days after any such Demand made, or after any such Alteration as aforesaid, to make out a true Copy, fairly written, of such Assessments, or of so much thereof as shall be so altered, which shall be subscribed by any Two or

more

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 11G.

627

more of the said Commissioners of Land Tax or Supply; and such Clerk shall deliver such Copies so subscribed, or cause the same to be so delivered, to the said Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act as aforesaid, or their Clerk, within the Time before limited, or permit him to take Copies of such Assessments, or of such Parts thereof as shall be altered as aforesaid; and in case the said Clerk to the Commissioners of Land Tax or Supply shall refuse or neglect to make out and deliver such Copies, or shall not permit the same to be taken as aforesaid, within Six Days after any such Demand, or any such Alteration in the Assessments shall be made as aforesaid, he shall for every such Refusal or Neglect forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered in such Manner as any Penalty may by this Act be recovered.

XXXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every Clerk to the Commissioners of Land Tax or Supply shall for every such Copy so made out by him as aforesaid be entitled to have and receive* for his Trouble in making out the same, upon Application to the Receiver General in England and Collector in Scotland, of the County, Riding, Division, Stewartry or Place, or his Deputy, and on Production of a Certificate of Two or more of the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act as aforesaid, that such Copy hath been duly delivered pursuant to the Directions of this Act, after the Rate of Four Pence for every Chancery Sheet contained in such Copy, reckoning every separate Amount of Land Tax set down in Figures or Numbers in such Copy as Three Words.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Difficulty shall arise in the Redemption of Land Tax, which ought to be charged on any Tythes, or any Fee Farm Rents, Feu Duties or other Rents, or any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, because such Tythes, Rents, Feu Duties, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments shall not have been assessed, or not distinctly assessed to the Land Tax, or because the Land Tax has been deducted out of any such Rents bjr the Owners or Occupiers of the Lands charged with such Rents, it shall be lawful for the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons entitled to such Tythes, Rents, Feu Duties, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to apply to the Commissioners of Land Tax or Supply, to settle and adjust the Proportion of Land Tax which ought to be borne and paid by such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons on account of such Tythes, Rents, Feu Duties, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall not have been assessed, or not distinctly assessed to the Land Tax; and such Commissioners of Land Tax or Supply, or any Two of them, shall thereupon ascertain, settle and adjust the same, and grant a Certificate thereof; and upon the Production of such Certificate it shall be lawful for the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act as aforesaid to contract and agree with such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons respectively, for the Redemption of such Land Tax; and it shall be lawful for all such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons, to do all Acts necessary for the Purpose of carrying such Contract into Execution, in the same Manner as if such Tythes, Rents, Feu Duties, Lands, Tenements

Penalty 501.

How such Copies shall be paid for.

Where Tythes, Fee Farm Rents, &c. have not been, or not distinctly assessed to the Land Tax, Commissioners of Land Tax may adjust the Proportions; and on their Certificate the Commissioners under this Act may contract for Redemption thereof;

628

42° GEO. III.

as may also the Commissioners for Redemption, on Application to them.

When Certificate, &c. produced for entering into Contract for Redemption by a Money Consideration,

Clerk to Commissioners to transmit to Tax Office and Receiver General, &c. Amount of Land Tax proposed to be re deemed, and the Terms; whereupon Treasury may direct Money to be advanced to Commissioners for National Debt, to be applied as herein mentioned.

C. 116.

A.D. 1802.

merits or Hereditaments, had been distinctly assessed to the Land Tax.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any such Rents or Feu Duties as aforesaid, and the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, out of which the same may issue, shall not be distinctly assessed to the Land Tax as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Time being acting in the Execution of this Act as aforesaid, upon the Application of the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons, entitled to such Rents or Feu Duties, or to such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, respectively, and who shall be desirous of redeeming their respective Proportions of such Land Tax, to settle and adjust the Proportions of such Land Tax which ought to be borne in respect of such Rents or Feu Duties, and in respect of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, respectively, in like Manner as such Commissioners of Land Tax or Supply as aforesaid are empowered to settle and adjust the same, and thereupon to contract and agree with the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons making such Application as aforesaid, for the Redemption of their respective Proportions of such Land Tax.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any such

Certificate or Schedule as aforesaid shall be produced or transmitted by any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purpose of entering into any Contract for the Redemption of Land Tax, by Payment of the Consideration in Money, the Clerk to the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act as aforesaid shall forthwith cause an Account to be transmitted to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes for the Information of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and also to the Receiver General of the County, Riding or Place if in or to the

Receiver General if in Scotland, which shall specify the Amount of the Land Tax proposed to be redeemed, and the Day or Days of Payment on which the whole Consideration, or the different Instalments thereof (as the Case may be) shall be proposed to be paid; and the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them for the Time being, are hereby empowered to direct from Time to Time, as there shall be Occasion, sufficient Money to be advanced to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for the Purchase of so much Capital Stock as shall be necessary for the Completion of such Contracts, or any Instalment thereof, as well before or on the respective Days appointed for the Payment of the Sums to be payable on such Contract, as before or on the respective Days whereon any Payments in Advance shall be made as herein-before is provided, or as soon after as the same can conveniently be done, out of any Monies in the Hands of such Receivers General respectively, or out of any Publick Monies in the Receipt of the Exchequer, applicable to the Supplies and Services of the Year, as to the said Commissioners of the Treasury shall seem expedient; which Sums so advanced shall be from Time to Time replaced by and out of the Monies to be paid upon such Contract to such Receivers General; and the Stock

10 so

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III.

Q* 116.

629

so purchased shall be placed in the Names of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for the Uses and Purposes of this Act, in like Manner as if the same had been purchased by and with the Monies paid on such Contract; and as soon as any such Contract shall be completed, the Commissioners with whom the same shall have been entered into shall also cause Notice thereof to be transmitted to the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and also to such Receiver General respectively as aforesaid.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Production of the Certificate of any such Contract as aforesaid at the Bank of England, in Cases where the Consideration shall be in

Stock, and upon the Transfer to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt of the Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, to be transferred as the Consideration for the Redemption of the Land Tax thereby contracted for, or of such Proportion of such Bank Annuities as shall have been agreed to be transferred as the first Instalment thereof, every such Body Politick or Corporate, or Companjq or other Person or Persons, shall be entitled to have a Certificate or Receipt from the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of acknowledging such Transfer; which Certificate or Receipt the said Cashier or Cashiers is or are hereby required to give, and the same shall be indorsed on the Certificate of such Contract in the Form prescribed in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (E); and in Cases where the Consideration shall be in Monejr, then upon the Production of the Certificate of such Contract to the Receiver General for the County, Riding or Place in or his Deputy, or the Collector for the Shire, Stewartry or Place in Scotland, where the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or

Hereditaments, or other Property, of which the said Land Tax shall be so redeemed shall be situate, and upon Payment to such Receiver General or his Deputy, or such Collector, of the Sum of Money to be paid as the Consideration for such Redemption, or of the Proportion of any such Sum as shall have been agreed to be paid as the First Instalment thereof, (which Sum of Money such Receiver General, or his Deputy, or such Collector, is hereby authorized and required to receive accordingly,) every such Body Politick or Corporate, or Company, or other Person or Persons, shall be entitled to a Certificate or Receipt from such Receiver General or his Deputy, or such Collector, acknowledging such Payment, which shall be indorsed on the Certificate of the Contract in the Form prescribed in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (F); and every such Certificate or Receipt of the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, or of such Receiver General or his Deputy in England, or of such Collector in Scotland, shall be an Acquittance and Discharge to the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons transferring such Stock, or paying such Money as aforesaid; and upon the Transfer or Payment of such Consideration, or of such Proportion thereof as shall have been agreed to be transferred or paid as the First Instalment thereof, the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or other Property comprized in such Contract, shall be wholly freed and exonerated from the Land Tax

42 Geo. III. T t charged

On Production of Certificate of Contract, and Transfer of Consideration where in Stock the Cashier of the Bank to indorse a Receipt on the Certificate of Contract.

On Money-Considerations, the Receiver General, &c. on Payment, to indorse the Receipt on Certificate.

On such Transfer or Payment, Lands exonerated from Land Tax from preceding Quarter Day,

63 b

C. 116.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

provided Certificate of Contract be duly-registered, otherwise only from Quarter preceding the Day of its being left for Registry.

When One or more Coparceners redeem, their Allotments, exonerated immediately on Paf-tition.

Where Option declared by a Contractor for Redemption, to be considered as a Person not interested, by Reason whereof Land Tax shall remain chargeable, Commissioners may contract for exonerating Lands.

charged thereon, and from all further Assessment thereof, from such of the Quarterly Days of Payment of Land Tax as shall next precede the Day of the Transfer or Payment of such Consideration or the First Instalment thereof, provided the Certificate of the Contract shall be duly registered pursuant to the Directions of this Act: Provided always, that where any Contract for the Redemption ol any Land Tax shall not be registered within the Period herein after prescribed, the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments or other Property therein comprized, shall only be exonerated from the Land Tax charged thereon, from such of the said Quarterly Days of Payment of Land Tax as shall next precede the Day whereon such Contract shall be left at the proper Office for the Purpose of being registered; but all such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or other Property, whereof the Land Tax shall be so redeemed, shall be charged and chargeable with the Payment of the Land Tax, up to and upon such next preceeding Quarterly Day of Collection or Payment of Land Tax as aforesaid.

[ § 164. jposL]

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That when any One or more of any Persons who shall be seised or entitled in undivided Shares and Proportions, as Coparceners or Heirs Portioners, Tenants in Common or Joint Tenants, of or to any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall redeem his, her or their Proportion of the Land Tax charged thereon, and Partition shall at any Time afterwards be made of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, between such Coparceners or Heirs Portioners, Tenants in Common or Joint Tenants, then and in such Case the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which shall upon such Partition be allotted to the Person or Persons who shall so have redeemed his, her or their Proportion of the said Land Tax, shall immediately upon such Partition being completed, be and become exonerated and discharged from such Land Tax and every Part thereof.

[ $11.

ante.']

XL. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where in any Contract which shall have been entered into by virtue of the said recited Acts for the Redemption of Land Tax, or any of them, an Option shall have been declared to consider the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons contracting for such Land Tax, on the same Footing as a Person not interested in the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments comprized in such Contract, by reason whereof the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments shall remain chargeable with the Land Tax, and such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons, or their respective Successors, Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Assigns, shall be desirous of exonerating such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments from Land Tax, it shall be lawful for them respectively, at any Time hereafter, to make Application for that Purpose to the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act as aforesaid, for the County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, City, Town or Place where such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments shall be situate; and on any such Application, and on the Production of a Certificate under the Hands and Seals

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 116.

631

of any Two of the Commissioners of Land Tax acting for the Division or Place wherein the same shall be situate, of the Amount of the Land Tax then charged on such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and of the Certificate of the Contract for the Redemption of such Land Tax, to the said Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for them, or any Two or more of them, to contract with such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons, their respective Successors, Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Assigns, for exonerating their said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments from Land Tax; and in every such Case, where it shall appear by such Certificate and Contract that no Variation has taken place in the mean Time, in the Amount of such Land Tax, to amend or cause to be amended the Certificate of any such Contract, by striking out all such Parts thereof as relate to the Declaration of such Option therein, and to certify their having so done under their respective Hands and Seals, on the Back of such Certificate; and after the Registry of such Certificate and such Indorsement thereon, in the Manner herein directed (whether such Certificate shall have been previously registered or not) the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments comprized therein, shall be wholly exonerated from Land Tax, from such of the Quarterly Days of Collection and Payment of Land Tax as shall next precede the Day whereon such Certificate of Contract shall be left at the proper Office, for the Purpose of being registered as last mentioned; and whenever it shall appear in any such Case, by the Certificate of the Amount of Land Tax, and the Certificate of the Contract for Redemption thereof respectively, that the Amount of Land Tax then charged upon the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments comprized therein, is either more or less than the Amount of Land Tax redeemed by such Contract, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners, or any Two of them, to rescind such Contract, and to enter into a new Contract for the Redemption of the Land Tax, which shall be then charged upon the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, without any Declaration of an Option being inserted therein, and to indorse on the Certificate of such new Contract a true Copy of any Receipt or Receipts indorsed on the original Certificate of the Contract, purporting to be given by any Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, or by any Receiver or Receivers General of Land Tax in England, or Collector in Scotland, for the Consideration, or any Part thereof, to be transferred or paid and actually transferred or paid, on such original contract: Provided that no such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments shall be exonerated in any Case where any such Land Tax shall have been increased, unless the Bodies Politick or Corporate or Companies or other Person or Persons so applying as aforesaid shall contract to transfer or pay, and shall, at the Time to be mentioned in such Certificate of Contract, accordingly transfer at the Bank of England, or pay to the Receiver General in, or

his Deputy or Collector in Scotland, of the County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, City, Borough, Town or Place where the same shall be situate (as the Case may require), so much Three Pounds per

How such Contracts completed, where no Variation has taken place in Amount of Land Tax.

How on Increase or Decrease of Land Tax.

Where Land Tax has increased, the Party shall contract to transfer additional Stock, &c.

632

C. 116.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Where decreased, Commissioners to certify Amount of the Consideration to the Tax Office,-who shall order the Difference to be settled.

Time of Exoneration.

Personal Property directed to be laid out

turn Bank Annuities, in addition to the Amount of Stock that shall have been already transferred, or so much Money 'in addition to the Amount of Money already paid in respect of such Land Tax, as shall be necessary, according to the Provisions of this Act, to redeem so much Land Tax as shall be equal in Amount to the Difference between the Land Tax contracted for in and by such new Contract, and the Land Tax contracted for in and by the Contract which shall have been so rescinded: Provided also, that in every such Case where the Land Tax contracted for as aforesaid shall have been in the mean Time decreased in Amount, which Amount shall have been duly charged on any other Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments in the same Parish or-Place, and a new Contract shall be entered into for the Redemption of the Land Tax then charged as aforesaid in pursuance of this Act, the Commissioners who shall enter into such last mentioned Contract shall certify in Writing, signed by Two or move of them, to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, the several Amounts of the Stock or Money contracted to be transferred or paid by, and actually transferred or paid, in pursuance of the original and new Contracts respectively; and it shall thereupon be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes to order and direct the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or the Receiver General in, or Collector in Scotland, for the County, Riding, Shire, Stewartry, City or Place 'where such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments shall be situate respectively, in Cases where more or a greater Consideration shall have been transferred or paid on the original Contract than the Consideration inserted in the new Certificate of Contract, to repay all such Monies to the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies or other Person or Persons who shall be entitled to the same, as shall be due and payable in respect of such Difference in the Considerations, if such Monies shall not have been vested in Stock; and in Cases where such Stock hath been purchased and placed in the Name of or transferred to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, then upon a Certificate, signed by any Three or more of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, of the Amount of such Stock transferred upon the original Contract, and the Amount required to be transferred upon the new Contract, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, or any one or more of them, and he and they is and are hereby required to transfer the Difference between such Amounts of Stock so certified, to the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies or other Person or Persons entitled unto the same; and after the Registry of such Certificate of Contract in the Manner herein directed, the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments comprized therein, shall be wholly exonerated from Land Tax, from such of the Quarterly Days appointed for the Payment of Land Tax as shall next precede the Day whereon such Certificate of Contract shall be left at the proper Office, for the Purpose of being registered as aforesaid.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That where any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall belong to or stand limited to the Use or for the Benefit of any Bodies Politick

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 116. 633

or Corporate, or publick Companies, or any Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, and any Personal Property which now is or shall hereafter be invested in the publick Stocks or Funds, or placed out on any Mortgage or other Security, either in the Names of such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, or in the Names of any Trustee or Trustees, or of the Officer or Officers of any Court, shall be subject to any Trust to be laid out in the Purchase of other Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be conveyed or limited to the Use or for the Benefit of such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, or for such Trustees or Officers respectively, with the Consent and Approbation of any Two or more of the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act, by virtue of His Majesty's Letters Patent under the Great Seal (to be certified under their Hands) to apply such Personal Property in or towards the Redemption of the Land Tax, or any Part thereof, charged upon the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments belonging to such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes; and where any such Personal Property shall be under the Direction or Controul of any Court, the same shall be so applied under the Order of such Court, to be made upon the Production of such Certificate of the said Commissioners-as aforesaid.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That where any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments belonging to any other Person or Persons, shall be settled or limited to or for any particular Uses, Trusts, Intents or Purposes, and any other Property, shall be subject to any Trust to be laid out or invested in the Purchase of other Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be settled to or for the same Uses, Trusts, Intents or Purposes, or to be applied in the Payment of any Debts or Charges affecting the same, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful to apply such other Property in the Redemption of the Land Tax, or any Part thereof, charged upon such settled Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, with such Consent as shall be necessary for the Purpose of applying such other Property in the Purchase of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, according to the Terms of the Trust affecting the same, whether such Trust shall have been created or directed by any Act of Parliament, Deed, Will or otherwise; and when any such Trust Property shall be under the Direction or Controul of any Court, the same shall be so applied under the Order of such Court.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Land Tax charged upon any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments belonging to any such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, or other Person or Persons, shall be redeemed by the Application of any such Personal Trust

in the Purchase of Lands in Trust for any Corporation, &c.may. be applied, with Consent of Commissioners (and of the Court under; whose Controul it may be), in Redemption of Land Tax.

How Trust Property may applied in Redemption of Land Tax on limited Lands.

Land Tax so redeemed with Trust Property to merge in the Lands.

634.

C. 116.

4?2° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Where Trust Property is insufficient, Deficiency may be supplied under this Act.

Governors of Queen Anne’s Bounty may apply Money in redeeming Band Tax on Livings, and purchasing Rent Charges granted by Incumbents, under former Acts.

Trustees for poor Clergy may lay out Trust Money in redeeming

Property as aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act, such Land Tax shall sink and become merged in the same Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, for the Benefit of the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, or other Person or Persons respectively entitled thereto: Provided also, that in case any such Personal Trust Property which shall be so applied shall be insufficient for the Redemption of the whole Land Tax charged upon such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, it shall be lawful for such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, or other Person or Persons respectively, to use and exercise all and every other the Powers given to or vested in them respectively in and by this Act, in order to raise Money for the Redemption of so much of the Land Tax charged on such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, as such Personal Trust Property shall be insufficient to redeem.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, from Time to Time to apply any Sum or Sums of Money or other Funds, which under or by virtue of any Laws now in force, or of the Charter granted in the Reign of Queen Anne, now is or are or hereafter shall be applicable towards the Augmentation of any Living or Livings within the Meaning of such Laws or Charter respectively, in and for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged or hereafter to be charged upon the Lands, Tythes or other Profits arising from any such Living or Livings, which at any Time before, or on or after the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, shall have been or shall be contracted for by the Incumbent or Incumbents of such Living or Livings (with the Consent of the said Governors) or which may be contracted for by the said Governors in pursuance of this Act, and the Transfer or Payment of the Consideration for such Redemption by the said Governors, or by their Order or Direction, shall, from the Quarter Day next preceding the making thereof, wholly exonerate and discharge the Lands, Tythes or other Profits of such Living or Livings from such Land Tax, which shall from thenceforth sink and be extinguished for the Benefit of such Living or Livings; and it shall also be lawful for the said Governors from Time to Time to apply any such Sum or Sums of Money, or other Funds as aforesaid, in, for and towards the purchasing any Rent Charge or Rent Charges which shall have been or shall be granted under the Authority of any of the said recited Acts or of this Act, by any Incumbent or Incumbents of any Living or Livings which the said Governors have already agreed, or shall hereafter agree to augment; and every such Rent Charge, when so purchased, shall be surrendered to the Incumbent for the Time being of the Living upon which the same shall have been charged, to the Intent that the same may sink and be extinguished for the Benefit of such Living or Livings.

[, See § 161. post.']

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees for the Time being, of any Trust Property heretofore given by any Will, for the Purpose of being laid out in the Purchase of Lands or Impropriate Tythes for the Benefit of the poor Clergy

in

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 116.

635

in England, (with such Consent as is required by such Will,) to apply from Time to Time any Sum or Sums of Money, or other Funds, which by virtue of such Will now is or are, or hereafter shall be applicable for the Purpose aforesaid, in, for or towards the Redemption of any Land Tax charged or to be charged upon the Lands, Tythes or other Profits arising from any Living or Livings belonging to the Church of England) which at any Time before, or on or after the said Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, shall have been or shall be contracted for by the Incumbent or Incumbents of such Living or Livings, with the Consent of the said Trustees, or of such other Persons whose Consent is required by such Will, or which may be contracted for by the said Trustees, in pursuance of this Act; and the Transfer or Payment of the Consideration for such Redemption by the said Trustees, or by their Order or Direction, shall, from the Quarter Day next preceding the making thereof, wholly exonerate and discharge the Lands, Tythes or other Profits of such Living or Livings, from such Land Tax, which shall from thenceforth sink and be extinguished for the Benefit of such Living or Livings; and every such Redemption of Land Tax, by virtue of this Act, for the Benefit of such Living or Livings, shall be deemed valid and effectual in the Law, and equivalent, to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes, to a Purchase or Purchases of Lands or Tythes for that Purpose, under the Trusts of such Will, any Statutes of Mortmain or other Statute or Law to the contrary notwithstanding. ISee§77. 161. post.']

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That -where any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments have been or shall be settled to charitable Uses, for the Benefit of any Parish or Place, it shall be lawful to apply such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be necessary for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged thereon, out of any Rate made or to be made on such Parish or Place, for the Relief of the Poor, in case the Rents and Profits of such Lands shall be applicable for the Benefit of the Poor, and out of any Church Rate, in case the Rents and Profits shall be applicable to the Repairs of any Church or Chapel, or otherwise out of such Parish Rate as the Circumstance of the particular Case shall require: Provided always, that no such Rate shall be so applied without Approbation of Two Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division or Place, certified in Writing to the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act, by virtue of His Majesty's Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, upon Proof before such Justices on Oath or Affirmation, of Notice having been given during Divine Service, on Two Sundays at the least, in the Church or Chapel belonging to such Parish or Place, or where there shall be no Church or Chapel, then in the Church or Chapel of some Parish adjoining thereto, of an Intention to make such Application, and of the Time and Place of applying for the Approbation of such Justices.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That where under any Act of Parliament, or any Deed or Will, or under any Decree of any Court, any Trust Property shall be applicable to any charitable Purposes for the Benefit of any Parish or Place, it shall and may be lawful to apply such Trust Property, or any Part thereof, in the Redemption of the Land Tax charged upon any Manors, Mes-

T t 4* suages,

Land Tax on Livings.

Land Tax on Lands settled for the Benefit of any Parish, &c. may be redeemed out of the Poor or Church Rates, with Approbation ot Two Justices.

Such Land Tax may be redeemed by Trust Property, and the Lands shall be charged with an Annuity

636

C. 116.

GEO. III. A.D. 1802

equal to the Trust Property so applied, with the like Consent of Justices.

Donations to Hospitals, &c. may be applied in Redemption of Land Tax.

Canal Companies, &c. may redeem by Calls, &c. under the respective Acts.

Money may be bequeathed, &c. to redeem Land Tax for charitable Uses.

For redeeming Land Tax on Lands belonging to Individuals, (Freehold, of or Leasehold,) the Persons in

suages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, settled to charitable Uses, for the Benefit of such Parish or Place; and by Deed under the Hands and Seals of the Parson, Vicar or Curate, and of the Churchwardens and Overseers of such Parish or Place, or of the major Part of them, inrolled in such Manner as is herein directed with respect to Deeds executed by Trustees and other Persons for the Sale of Lands for redeeming the Land Tax, to charge such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or a sufficient Part thereof, with the Payment of an Annuity or Rent Charge equal to the Amount of the Income of the Trust Property which shall have been applied in the Redemption of such Land Tax: Provided always, that no such Trust Property shall be so applied or Annuity charged without the Approbation of such Justices, certified in such Manner, and with such Proof of Notice as is hereby directed, in case of the Application of the Poors Rates or Church Rates for the Redemption of Land Tax.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governors and Directors of Hospitals and other charitable Institutions, to apply any Legacies or voluntary Donations bequeathed or given to or for the Benefit of such Hospitals and charitable Institutions, and which shall not have been directed by the Person or Persons bequeathing or giving the same to be applied in any particular Manner, for or towards the Redemption of the Land Tax charged upon any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments belonging to such Hospitals or charitable Institutions.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Company or Companies of Proprietors of Canals, or other Navigations or Works of publick Utility, hereby empowered to contract for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged on the Tolls and other Profits arising therefrom, as well as on the Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments belonging thereto, to raise such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be necessary for the Redemption of such Land Tax, either by Calls on the respective Proprietors, or by Mortgage, or by all and every or any of the Ways and Means, whereby they are or shall be authorized or empowered by any Act or Acts now in being, or that shall hereafter be passed, to raise Money for any of the Purposes in such Acts respectively mentioned.

L. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, by Will or otherwise, or any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, to give any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purpose of applying the same in the Redemption of the Land Tax charged on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, settled to any charitable Uses, which Sum or Sums may and shall be so applied accordingly; any Statute of Mortmain, or other Statute or Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

LI. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of redeeming any Land Tax charged on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, belonging to any Person or Persons (not being respectively Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes) whether such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments shall be respectively situate in the same or in any other

Division

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 116.

637

Division or Place in the same County, Riding, Shire or Stewartry, or in any other County, Riding, Shire or Stewartry, and whether such Land Tax shall have been or shall be contracted for either before or on the said Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any of them, or at any Time thereafter, by virtue of this Act, it shall be lawful for all and every such Person and Persons who are, is or shall for the Time being be seised or possessed, or entitled beneficially in Possession to the Rents and Profits of, but who shall not have the absolute Estate or Interest in any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Heriots, Services, Emoluments or Advantages, issuing or payable from or in respect of any Freehold or of or Customary Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or incident thereto, or accruing therefrom (other than and except Tenants at Rack Rent for any Terms of Years, or from Year to Year, or at Will, and Tenants holding under the Crown any Lands or Tenements within the Survey and Receipt of the Exchequer or the Duchy of

or under the Duke of Cornwall, any Lands or Tenements belonging to and Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall (a) but nevertheless under the Restrictions and Regulations herein after mentioned, absolutely to sell and dispose of by publick Sale or private Contract, and by Deed indented and inrolled or registered in the Manner prescribed by this Act, to convey (either at One Time for the Purpose of making good the Whole of the Consideration for the Redemption of any such Land Tax, or at various Times for the Purpose of making good the respective Instalments thereof, as the same shall respectively become due, or any Number of Instalments at once, as shall be most expedient) any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any such Heriots, Services, Emoluments or Advantages, whereof such Person or Persons shall be in the actual Possession, or entitled beneficially to the Rents and Profits, as shall be eligible and necessary, whether of Freehold or of of or Customary Tenure, or holden for any Term or Terms of Years (other than for any Term or Terms of Years at a Rack Rent) and whether the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, Heriots, Services, Emoluments or Advantages so sold shall be charged or not charged with, or shall be exempt from the Payment of Land Tax, and if the same shall be charged with any Land Tax, then freed and discharged from such Land Tax; and it shall also be lawful for all and every such Persons and Person who are or is, or shall for the Time being be in the actual Receipt or Perception of, and beneficially entitled to the Rents and Services reserved or due and payable in respect and out of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which shall have been or shall be granted by him, her or them, or any former Owner or Owners thereof, for any beneficial Lease or Leases, or by any Copy or Copies of Court Roll, or demised according to the Custom of any Manor for Life or Lives, or Years absolute, or Years determinable on any Life or Lives, absolutely to sell and dispose of, by publick Sale or private Contract, and in like Manner to convey (either at One Time or at various Times as aforesaid) the Fee Simple and Inheritance of any (a) [See $71. postl]

Possession, but not having the absolute Estate, &c. and Persons beneficially entitled to Rents, (except Tenants at Rack Rent,

&c. and Crown Tenants,) may sell Part of such Lands, Heriots, &c. or may mortgage the same, or grant any Rent Charge to the Amount of the Land Tax.

638

C. 116.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Deeds to be indented and enrolled.

No such Sale, &c. to be made, but for redeeming Land Tax on Lands sold, &c.

Tenants in Tail in England may convey by Deed inrolled.

such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which shall have been or shall be so granted or demised for any beneficial Lease or Leases, or by any Copy or Copies of Court Roll, or by any other Grant, according to the Custom of any Manor, for Life or Lives, or Years absolute, or Years determinable upon any Life or Lives, and also the Rents and Services, and other Profits reserved or payable upon or in respect of such Leasehold or of Tenements or Hereditaments, subject to the subsisting Interests of the respective Lessees, Copyholders or other customary Tenants, whether such last mentioned Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall be charged or not charged with, or shall be exempt from the Payment of Land Tax, or whether the Land Tax charged thereon shall have been redeemed by the respective Lessees or Copyholders, or customary Tenants thereof, or not, and if the same shall be charged with any Tax, then freed and discharged from such Land Tax; and it shall be lawful for all and every such Persons and Person, by Deed indented, and also enrolled or registered as herein is directed, and under the Restrictions and Regulations herein after mentioned, to convey or demise any of such Freehold, of or Leasehold Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments whereof they shall be in the actual Possession, or beneficially entitled to the Rents and Profits as aforesaid, freed and discharged from Land Tax, in case any Land Tax shall be charged thereon, to any Person or Persons by way of Mortgage, either in Fee Simple or for any Term or Terms of Years (where the same shall not be of of or Customary Tenure) for securing such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be sufficient to redeem the Land Tax which hath been or shall be so contracted fof by such Person or Persons as aforesaid, or to grant any Rent Charge to be issuing out of and chargeable upon any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments as aforesaid, not exceeding the Amount of the Land Tax so contracted for as aforesaid: Provided always, that no Sale,

Mortgage or Grant of or out cf any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall be made by any such Person or Persons by virtue of this Act, other than for the Purpose of redeeming Land Tax charged thereon (in Cases where the same shall be charged with any Land Tax) and also on other Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which stand limited or settled, and subject to or for the same Uses, Trusts, Intents or Purposes, or in the same Order or Course of Limitation as the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which shall be so sold, mortgaged or charged as aforesaid, save and except as to such Variations as may necessarily be occasioned by the Difference in the Nature of the Tenure of Freehold and of Estates.

LII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any person who shall be seized in Fee Tail of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments in E?igiand, to convey such Part or Parts thereof as shall be deemed eligible and necessary to be sold for the Purpose of redeeming the Land Tax charged on such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, by Deed indented, and enrolled or registered in the Manner prescribed by this Act; and every such Deed so enrolled or registered

.as

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 116.

639

as aforesaid shall as effectually and absolutely bar all Estates Tail and other Estates in Possession, Reversion, Remainder or Expectancy in the Hereditaments so conveyed, as if such Tenant in Tail had levied a Fine or suffered a Common Recovery thereof in due Form of Law.

[See § 61. 'post, for Scotland.']

LIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That for the Purposes aforesaid it shall be lawful for all Committees and Curators of Lunatics or Idiots, and Guardians or Tutors of Infants, and all Executors and Administrators, Curators or Trustees whatsoever, seized or possessed of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments in Trust, and having authority to act for Infants, Minors, Issue unborn, Femes Covert or other Persons incapable by Law or Deed to act for themselves, on the Behalf of such incapacitated Persons respectively, and under the Restrictions and Regulations herein contained, to sell, or mortgage and convey, or grant any Rent Charge out of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, belonging to, or limited or settled to the Use or for the Benefit of any such Lunatics or Idiots, Infants, Minors, Issue unborn, Femes Covert or other incapacitated Persons, which such Lunatics or Idiots, Infants or Minors, Issue unborn (if in esse), Femes Covert or other incapacitated Persons, could or might have sold, mortgaged or charged with any Rent Charge for the purpose of redeeming any Land Tax in respect of their Estate or Interest therein, either by virtue of this Act or otherwise, if they respectively had not been under any such Incapacity as aforesaid, and in the same Manner in all Respects as they respectively could or might have sold, or mortgaged and conveyed, or charged the same.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That all Sales, Mortgages or Grants in relation to Estates in Eng, which shall be made by virtue of this Act by any Person or Persons (other than Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, and other than such Person or Persons holding under any Grant from the Crown, or any Act of Parliament, as herein after mentioned,) shall be made under the Authority, and with the Consent and Approbation of the Commissioners for the Time being acting in the Execution of this Act, by virtue of His Majesty's Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, for the County, Riding or Place, in which the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be so sold, mortgaged or charged, shall be situate; and no such Sale, Mortgage, or Grant shall be valid or effectual, unless Two at least of such Commissioners shall certify their Consent thereto, and Approbation thereof, by signing and sealing the Deed of Sale, Mortgage or Grant, as Parties thereto.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments in England, shall be so sold or mortgaged, nor any Rent Charge granted thereout by virtue of this Act, b)r any Person or Persons, under the Authority of the said last mentioned Commissioners, without one Calendar Month’s previous Notice in Writing given to the said Commissioners, by the Person or Persons desirous of making such Sale, Mortgage or Grant; nor unless such Person or Persons shall, previously to such Sale, Mortgage or Grant, produce to the said Commissioners

Committees, Guardians, &c. may sell, &c. Lands belonging to incapacitated Persons.

Such Sales, &c. of Estates in England, to be made under the Authority of Two Commissioners for the Place where the Lands lie.

One Month’s previous Notice of such Sale, etc. shall be given to the Commissioners; with a Schedule of certain Particulars.

C. 116.

A.D. 1802.

610

Where Lands are sold at various Times, situate in different Counties, Certificates of former Sales shall be granted and produced; and Parties may be examined on Oath by Commissioners.

Tenants for Lives, &c. on Fine, may not sell without Consent of Reversioners.

Where Trusts, &c. equally affect the Whole of Lands, Part whereof shall be proposed to be sold, the

42° GEO. III.

Commissioners a Schedule in Writing, declaring the Quantity or Duration of his, her or their Estate or Interest in the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, whereon, the Land Tax proposed to be redeemed shall be charged, and (if the same shall not be an Estate of Inheritance) then the Name or Names of the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, nr other Person or Persons next entitled to any beneficial Interest in such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, expectant on the Determination of the immediate Estate or Interest therein; and if such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments shall be subject to any Mortgage, Charge, Lien or Incumbrance, then the Name or Names of the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons having such Mortgage, Charge, Lien or Incumbrance, and the Amount thereof, and (if more than one) the Priorities of the respective Incumbrances.

LVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be sold at various Times, shall be situate in different Counties, then and in such Case the Person or Persons who shall be desirous of making any such Sale, shall, in case any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments situate in any other County, shall have been sold for the purpose of making good any prior Instalment, produce and show to the said last mentioned Commissioners a Certificate, under the Hands and Seals of the Commissioners for such other County or Counties, of the former Sale or Sales, which Certificate shall contain a Statement and Account of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which shall have been so sold, and also the Amount of the Purchase Money for the same; and the said Commissioners for such other County or Counties are hereby authorized and required to grant such Certificate to the Person or Persons applying for the same; and such Commissioners under whose Authority such subsequent Sale is proposed to be made, are hereby authorized and empowered to examine upon Oath or Affirmation, in the Manner directed by this Act, the Person or Persons who shall be desirous of making such Sale as last mentioned, touching any Matters or Things relating to any former Sales, which such Commissioners may think necessary for their Information, and to receive any Affidavit or Deposition in Writing in the Manner herein prescribed.

LVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to enable any Tenant for Lives, or for Years determinable on Lives, or for Years absolute, though not at Rack Rent, to sell any Part of the Tenement demised, in case of a Demise, for which any Fine or Premium was paid, without the Consent of the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons entitled to the immediate Estate in Reversion upon such Demise.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Trusts, Mortgages, Charges, Liens or Incumbrances shall equally affect or be a Charge upon divers Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments, Part whereof shall be proposed to be sold for the Purpose of redeeming the Land Tax chargeable on the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 116.

641

equally subject and liable to such Trusts, Mortgages, Liens or Incumbrances, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Court of Chancery in England, and the Court of Session in Scotland, if such Courts respectively shall be satisfied that such of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments as shall not be proposed to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, shall be a sufficient Security for the Object of such Trusts, or for the Payment of such Mortgages, Liens or other Incumbrances, to order and direct that such of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments as shall be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, shall be conveyed to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, freed and discharged from such Trusts, Mortgages, Liens and other Incumbrances as aforesaid; and such Purchaser or Purchasers shall, after the Inrolment or Registry of the Conveyance or Conveyances made under such Order or Direction as herein is prescribed, hold and enjoy the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, purchased by him, her or them, freed and absolutely discharged therefrom: Provided always, that nothing in this Act, or in any such Order or Direction as aforesaid contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to discharge the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which shall be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, from any Trusts, Mortgages, Liens or Incumbrances which shall not equally affect or be a Charge upon the Whole of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, the Land Tax of which shall be redeemed by the Monies arising from the Sale of a Part thereof; but all such last mentioned Trusts, Mortgages, Liens and other Incumbrances, shall remain and continue chargeable upon the Manors and other Hereditaments, which shall be sold, in the same Manner as if this Act had not been passed; and the Monies to arise from such Sales, and the Surplus thereof (if any), shall, under the Directions of the said Courts respectively, be applied in the same Manner as herein is directed ( in other Cases of Sales of Estates for the Purpose of redeeming Land Tax. (a) [See

§§98. 100—102. post.-]

LIX. And be it further enacted, That wherever any such Sale as aforesaid shall be by publick Auction, the Commissioners under whose Authority the same shall be made, shall cause Ten Days previous Notice at the least of such intended Sale to be published in some Newspaper usually circulated in the County, Riding, Stewartry or Place wherein such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments shall be situate, and wherever any such Sale shall be by private Contract, such Commissioners shall not certify their Consent thereto or Approbation thereof, without having an Estimate in Writing, verified upon Oath or solemn Affirmation (which any one of them is hereby empowered to administer) of the Value of such Part of the Estate as shall be proposed to be sold, nor without being satisfied that the Sale thereof will not materially injure the Residue of the Estate, and that the Part proposed to be sold is proper under all Circumstances to be sold for the Purposes of this Act.

LX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, (not being respectively Bodies Politick or Corporate,

Court of Chancery, &c. may order such Part to be conveyed to the Purchaser discharged from such Trusts.

Wien such Sale shall be by Auction, Ten Days previous Notice shall be given; when by private Contract, an Estimate of the Value shall be made.

How Owners of Manors in England may

64-2

C. 116.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

enfranchise

Copyholds.

In Scotland, Heirs of Entail in Possession, their Tutors, &. c. may sell for redeeming the Land Tax, under Authority of the Court of Session.

Money may be borrowed by such Heirs on PIeritable Security, under like Authory of the Court.

porate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, and not holding under any Grant from the Crown, or any Act of Parliament, as herein after is mentioned,) who are or shall be seised of or beneficially entitled to any Manors in England, of which any of or Customary Estates shall be holden, with the Approbation of the Court of Chancery, to be signified by Order upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, to enfranchise any such of or Customary Estates.

[See as to Corporations, §70.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That where any Heir of Entail in Possession of an entailed Estate in Scotland, or his or her Tutor or Tutors, or where he or she is an Idiot or Lunatick, his or her Curator or Curators, mean to sell Part of the said Estate, to purchase the Land Tax of the Estate in Terms of this Act, it shall be competent and requisite for him, her or them to apply by Petition to the Court of Session, stating the Amount of the Land Tax payable out of the said Estate, what Part of the Estate it is proposed to sell, and the Rent or Annual Value of that Part of the Estate, and praying the Court upon the Allegations on these Points being proved to the Satisfaction of the Court, and it being shown that the Sale of the Part of the Estate proposed to be sold will not materially injure the Residue of the Estate remaining unsold, and that the Part so proposed to be sold is proper (considering all Circumstances) to be sold for the Purpose aforesaid, to authorize such Sale to proceed in Manner herein after enacted, and the Judges of the said Court are hereby authorized and required to order such Petitions to be intimated upon the Walls of the Outer and Inner House of the said Court, in common Form, for Ten sederunt Days, and also to be advertised Weekly for Two Weeks successively in the Edinburgh Gazette, which Intimation and Advertisement shall be a valid and effectual Intimation, Advertisement and Service, to all Intents and Purposes, as much as if the said Petitions had been personally intimated to or served upon all Persons having or pretending to have any Interest with regard to the said Estate, as substitute Heirs of Entail, Creditors on the said Estate, or in any other Way or Character whatever; and such Intimation being duly made, the Court shall proceed summarily in the Matter, and shall authorize the Sale of that Part of the Estate which the Petitioner or Petitioners are willing to sell, which the Court thinks ought to be sold for the Purpose above mentioned, and against the Sale of which no sufficient Reason is stated by any Person having Interest; and the Extract of the Decree of the Court authorizing the Sale shall be sufficient Authority to the Commissioners acting under this Act to carry on the Sale in the Manner herein directed.

[See 53 3. c. 123. § 2.]

LXII. And be it further enacted, That where any Heir of Entail in Possession of an entailed Estate in Scotland, or his or her Tutor or Tutors, or where he or she is an Idiot or Lunatick, his or her Curator or Curators, mean to burthen the said Estate with a Sum of Money to be borrowed to enable him, her or them to purchase the Land Tax of the said Estate, it shall be competent and necessary for him, her or them to apply by Petition to the Court of

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 116.

64-3

Session, stating the Amount of the Land Tax payable out of the Estate, the Sum proposed to be borrowed, and whether it is proposed to grant the Heritable Security over the Whole or Part of the Estate, and if over Part of the Estate, what Part, and praying the Court to authorize him, her or them to borrow such Sum as the Court shall think proper for the Purposes of this Act, and to grant Heritable Security in common Form for that Sum, over the whole Estate or Part thereof, as the Case may be; and the Judges of the said Court are hereby authorized and required to order such Petitions to be intimated and advertised in the same Manner as Petitions praying for Authority under this Act to sell Part of entailed Estates are by this Act ordered to be intimated and advertised, and the Effect of such Intimation and Advertisement shall be the same in both Cases; and such Intimation and Advertisements being duly made, the Court shall proceed summarily in the Matter, and shall authorize the Petitioner or Petitioners to grant Heritable Security over the Whole of the entailed Estate or Part thereof, provided no sufficient Reason is stated to the contrary by any Person having Interest.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Farm, Lands or Tenements usually possessed together, shall be proposed to be sold under the Provisions of this Act, which shall be more than sufficient for that Purpose, and it shall appear to the Court of Session, either from the detached Situation of such Farm, Lands or Tenements, or from any other Circumstances, that such Farm, Lands or Tenements cannot be divided, in order that an adequate Part thereof maj' be sold without Loss to the Parties interested, or that the Sale of the Whole of such Farm, Lands or Tenements, would be more eligible and advantageous to the said entailed Estate, and to the successive substitute Heirs of Entail in their Order, it shall be competent and lawful for the said Court of Session, in like Manner as it is authorized to proceed in other Cases by this Act, (due Notice having been given to the next Substitute Heir of Entail being of lawful Age, and resident within Great Britain, of such Proposal to sell and dispose of such Farm,

Lands or Tenements,) to direct and authorize the Sale of the Whole of such Farm, Lands or Tenements; and the Surplus Money, after purchasing Stock sufficient to redeem such Land Tax, and paying and discharging the Costs and Expences attending the Sale thereof, shall with the Interests and Annual Produce thereof be applied and disposed of, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, in the same Manner as herein is directed with respect to the eventual Surplus arising from Sales, when no more has been exposed to Sale than is judged adequate for the Redemption of such Land Tax.

[See §§ 101, 102. poss.]

LXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Expences incurred by Heirs of Entail, or others entitled as aforesaid to purchase the Land Tax affecting the entailed Estate in Scotland, either in selling Part of the said Estate, or borrowing Money on Heritable Security, or purchasing out of their own proper Means the Land Tax affecting the entailed Estate, shall be defrayed out of the Price of the Land so sold, or shall be included in the Heritable or other proper Security, and may be made Part of the Charge upon the entailed Estate: Provided always, that the

Amount

The Whole of a Farm, &c. which cannot be eligibly divided may be sold, and tile Surplus disposed of by the Court.

Expences of such Sales, &c. ascertained by the Court, may be defrayed out of Purchase Money, &c.

644

C. 116.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Sales to be by public Auction, under Articles of Sale settled by the Court: the Price to be paid to a Trustee, and by him into the Bank of England,&c.

Such Sales, &c. shall be as valid as if the Estate had been unentailed.

Remedy to the Mortgagee.

Amount of these Expences shall be previously ascertained by the Court of Session, by Decree to be obtained on a summary Application to that Purpose.

LXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where any such Sale shall be authorized by the Court of Session, the same shall be carried on by publick Auction, at such Time and on such Notices as the said Court shall from Time to Time direct; and further, that previous to any Sale to be made in the Terms and by virtue of the Powers required and given by this Act, the Court of Session shall cause Articles of Sale to be drawn up in the usual Forms required by the Law of Scotland for making such Sale effectual, and whereby the Purchaser shall be taken bound to pay the Price to a Trustee to be named by the Person or Persons in whose Name or for whose Behoof the said Sale or Sales is or are carried on, and which Trustee shall be approved of by the said Court, and shall find Security to their Satisfaction that the Sum or Sums of Money so to be paid to him by the said Purchaser or Purchasers shall be duly and faithfully applied in the Manner and for the Purposes herein enjoined and directed; and further, that the said Trustee, upon Receipt of the said Price or Prices, shall be forthwith bound to pay the said Money into the Bank of England, to be there placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, to be by them applied in the Manner and for the Purposes directed and specified by this Act, and the Receipt of the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank shall be a full and sufficient Discharge to the said Trustee, and to the said Purchaser or Purchasers, for the Sum or Sums of Money so agreed to be paid by him, her or them in Manner aforesaid, and which Purchaser or Purchasers, upon Payment of the Sum or Sums by the said Trustee into the Bank of England as aforesaid, shall be entitled to demand and obtain from the said Heir of Entail, or other Person or Persons in whose Name, or at whose Instance, or for whose Behoof the said Sale or Sales is of are carried on, such Disposition, Conveyance or other Title to the Subjects so sold, containing all usual and necessary Clauses for rendering complete the Right to th© same in favour of the said Purchaser or Purchasers, under the Direction of the said Court.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Part of an entailed Estate in Scotland is sold for the Purposes of this Act, in the Manner herein-before directed, and where any Heritable Security is granted upon an entailed Estate, also in the Manner herein-before directed, such Sale and Heritable Security shall be as valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Estate, Part of which is so sold, or upon which the Heritable Security is granted, had been held by the Seller and Granter of the Heritable Security in Fee Simple, unfettered by any Entail; and the Person to whom such Heritable Security is granted, his Heirs, Executors and Assignees, shall have and be entitled to use all the Powers, Remedies and Means known in Law, to recover either the Interest due upon the Money lent, or the Principal Sum: Provided always, that it shall not be competent to adjudge all or any Part of the entailed Estate, either for the Interest or Principal Sum of the Money so lent.

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 11 to*

6.45

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of raising Money to redeem the Land Tax charged on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, subject to any Restriction in the Power of the Person or Persons entitled beneficially to the Rents and Profits thereof, to cut down Timber standing thereon, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons, with the Approbation of the Court of Chancery in relation to Estates in England, and of the Court of Session in relation to Estates in Scotland, to cut down such Quantity of Timber as the said Courts respectively shall, upon Application made by Petition in a summary Way, direct, and to apply the Produce thereof, and the Surplus of such Produce (if any) under the Direction of such Courts respectively, in the same Manner as herein after is directed with respect to Monies produced by Sale of Estates for the Redemption of Land Tax; and the Land Tax which shall be so redeemed by the Monies arising from the Sale of any such Timber shall, when all the Instalments to be transferred or paid upon the Contract for the Redemption thereof shall be completed, sink and become merged in the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments whereon the same was charged, for the Benefit of the Person or Persons for the Time being beneficially entitled thereto, unless such Courts respectively shall make any Order or Direction respecting the Manner in which the Income to be derived from the Redemption of any such Land Tax ought to be and shall be applied, during so long Time as the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments on which such Timber shall have been growing shall be in the Possession of any Person or Persons having a limited Interest or limited Interests therein, which Order and Direction such Courts respectively are hereby authorized and empowered to make, having regard to the State and Condition of the Timber, and to the Rights of all Persons interested in such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments respectively: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for such Courts respectively to order and direct that the Costs and Expences incurred in the surveying, valuing and felling such Timber, or otherwise on account of the Sale thereof, shall be paid and satisfied out of the Purchase Monies for the same.

[See

§§ 98—102. post.']

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That where the Monies to be paid as the Consideration for any Sale, Mortgage or Grant to be made by virtue of this Act by any Person or Persons, (other than Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes,) shall not exceed the Sum of One thousand Pounds, the Deed of Sale, Mortgage or Grant, or the Inrolment thereof, and in Cases of of or Customary Estates the Deed of Sale or of Grant, or the Admittance to such of or Customary Estates, or any Copy of the Entry upon the Court Rolls of such Deed of Sale or Grant or Admittance, shall not be liable to any Stamp Duty whatever; and every Deed of Sale or Mortgage, and Surrender, Grant and

Admittance of or to any Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which shall have been sold by virtue of the said recited Acts, for a Consideration not exceeding One thousand Pounds, and all Copies of the Entry upon the Court Rolls of any such 42 Geo. III. U u Surrenders,

Timber may be cut down and sold by Consent of Court of Chancery, &c. for Redemption of Land Tax, which shall merge in the Lands, unless otherwise ordered.

Expences.

Where the Consideration for any Sale, &c. by Individuals, shall not exceed 10001. the Deed, &c. not liable to Stamp Duty.

Former Deeds &c. valid, though not stamped.

646

C. 116.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Powers to Corporations or Trustees for publick Purposes, to sell or mortgage Lands, or grant Rent Charges to redeem Land Tax.

Surrenders, Grants or Admittances, shall be valid and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatever, although no Stamp Duty shall have been paid for the same, and all Persons whomsoever shall be and are hereby indemnified and saved harmless from and against any Penalties or Forfeitures which may have been incurred by reason of any such Surrenders, Grants or Admittances, or any Copies thereof as aforesaid, having been so made and granted, without any Stamp Duty having been demanded or received for the same.

[See §§ SI. 107. 173. jc>o.s£.]

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of redeeming any Land Tax charged on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, belonging to any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or any Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, (whether such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments shall be respectively situate in the same, or in any other Division or Place in the same County, Riding, Shire or Stewartry, or in any other County, Riding, Shire or Stewartry, and whether such Land Tax shall have been or shall be contracted for either before or on the said Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, by virtue of the said recited Acts or any of them, or at any Time thereafter, by virtue of this Act,) it shall be lawful for all such Bodies Politick or Corporate, and Companies (a), and Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, (notwithstanding any private Statutes, Bye Laws, Ordinances or Regulations, restraining them in that Behalf,) but nevertheless under the Restrictions and Regulations herein after mentioned, absolutely to sell and dispose of, by publick Sale or private Contract, and, by Deed indented, and inrolled or registered in the Manner prescribed by this Act, to convey (either at One Time for the Purpose of making good the Whole of the Consideration for the Redemption of any such Land Tax, or at various Times, for the Purpose of making good the respective Instalments thereof, as the same shall respectively become due, or any Number of Instalments at once, as shall be most expedient,) any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments whereof they shall be in the actual Possession, or entitled beneficially to the Rents or Profits, as shall be eligible and necessary (whether of Freehold or of or Customary Tenure), or holden by them for any Term or Terms of Years (other than for any Term or Terms of Years at a Rack Rent), and whether the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so sold shall be charged or not charged with, or shall be exempt from the Payment of Land Tax, and if the same shall be charged with any Land Tax, then freed and discharged from such Land Tax, or absolutely to sell and dispose of by publick Sale or private Contract, and in like Manner to convey, either at One Time, or at various Times as aforesaid, the Fee Simple and Inheritance of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, belonging to such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, which shall have been or shall be granted or demised for any beneficial Lease or Leases, or by any Copy or Copies of Court Roll, or by any other Grant, according to the Custom of

(a) [ See as to Individua §51. ante.']

any

A.D. 1802. 42 GEO. III. C. 116.

617

any Manor, for Life or Lives, or Years absolute, or Years determinable upon any Life or Lives, and also the Rents and Services and other Profits reserved or payable upon or in respect of such Leasehold or of Tenements or Hereditaments, (subject to the subsisting Interests of the respective Lessees, Copj'holders or other Customary Tenants,) whether such last mentioned Manors,

Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments shall be charged or not charged with, or shall be exempt from the Payment of Land Tax, and although the Land Tax charged thereon may have been redeemed by the respective Lessees or Copyholders or Customary Tenants thereof, or other Persons having Interest therein, and if the same shall be charged with any Land Tax, then freed and discharged from such Land Tax; and it shall also be lawful for all such Bodies Politick or Corporate, and Companies, and Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, for the Purposes aforesaid, by Deed indented, and also inrolled or registered in the Manner herein prescribed, to convey or demise any Part or Parts of such Freehold, or of or Customary, or Leasehold Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments herein-before mentioned, and whereof they shall be so in the actual Possession, or beneficially entitled to the Rents and Profits as aforesaid, freed and discharged from Land Tax (in case any Land Tax shall be then charged thereon), to any Person or Persons by way of Mortgage, either in Fee Simple, or for any Term or Terms of Years (where the same shall not be of of or Customary Tenure), for securing such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be sufficient to redeem the Land Tax which hath been or shall be so contracted for by such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies as aforesaid; or to grant any Rent Charge, to be issuing out of and chargeable upon any such Manors, Messuages, Lands,

Tenements or Hereditaments as aforesaid, not exceeding the Amount of the Land Tax so contracted for as aforesaid: Provided No such Sale, always, that no Sale, Mortgage or Grant, of or out of any Manors, &c. to be made. Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall be made but for re-by any such Bodies Politick or Corporate, Companies, or Feoffees x^m^Tax^on or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, by virtue of Lands sold, &c. this Act, other than for the Purpose of redeeming Land Tax charged thereon (in Cases where the same shall be charged with any Land Tax), and also on any other Manors, Messuages, Lands,

Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall stand limited or subject to or for the same Uses, Trusts, Intents or Purposes, or in the same Order or Course of Limitation as the Manors, Messuages,

Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be so sold, mortgaged or charged as aforesaid, save and except as to such Variations as may necessarily be occasioned by the Difference in the Nature of the Tenure of Freehold and of Estates.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of re- Corporations, deeming any such Land Tax as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for all &c. empowered such Bodies Politick and Corporate, and Companies (a), and Feof- franchise fees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, by Deed Copy 10 s' c' indented, and inrolled or registered as aforesaid, to enfranchise any Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which are or shall be holden by Copy of Court Roll or other Customary

(a) [See as to Individuals, $ 60. ante.~\

C. 11G.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

GIB

Possessors of Lands granted under the Crown, or any Act of Parliament wherein His Majesty hath any Estate, (except Tenants for Life, &c.) may sell or enfranchise Lands for redeeming the Land Tax.

Tenure, of any Manor belonging to any such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, whether such Manor be subject to any Lease or not; and also to sell and dispose of any Heriots or Fee Farm Rents, Chief Rents, or Quit Rents, or other Emoluments or Advantages issuing or payable from or in respect of any Freehold or of or customary Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or incident thereto and accruing therefrom.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That where any Person or Persons holding under any Grant from the Crown or under any Act of Parliament, any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments wherein His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, hath or shall have any Estate, Right or Interest, in Remainder, Reversion or Expectancy, (other than Persons holding under the Crown, any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments within the Survey and Receipt of the Exchequer or the Duchy of Lancaster, or holding under the Duke of

any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments belonging to and Parcel of the Duchy of by virtue of

any Demise or Grant by Copy of Court Roll or otherwise, for Life or Lives, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or for any Term of Years absolute, or from Year to Year or during Pleasure,) have contracted or shall hereafter contract for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged on any of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons (being in the actual Possession, or entitled beneficially to the Rents and Profits of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments,) for the Purpose of raising Money to complete the Redemption of the Land Tax so contracted for, (but nevertheless under the Restrictions and Regulations herein after mentioned,) to sell and dispose of by publick Sale or private Contract, and by Deed indented, and inrolled or registered, as herein is prescribed, to convey either at One Time or at various Times, as herein-before is mentioned, any of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, whether the same shall be charged or not charged with Land Tax, and if charged with any Land Tax, then freed and discharged from such Land Tax; and it shall also be lawful for such Person or Persons, for such Purpose, and under such Restrictions and Regulations as aforesaid, to enfranchise any Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which are or shall be holden by Copy of Court Roll or other Customary Tenure, of any such Manors so holden by such Person or Persons as aforesaid, and also to sell and dispose of any Heriots, Fee Farm Rents, Chief Rents, or Quit Rents, or other Emoluments or Advantages issuing or payable from or in respect of any Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or incident thereto or arising therefrom, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: Provided always, that the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments of which the Land Tax shall be so redeemed, shall stand and be limited to and for the same Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, as the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, Heriots, Rents, Emoluments or Advantages which shall be sold, or the Manors, of which any such of or Customary Estates

shall

9

A.D. 1802.

4-2° GEO. III. C. 116.

649

shall be enfranchised, stood and were limited at the Time of such Sale or Enfranchisement.

LXXIL. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, from Time to Time, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great, to nominate

and appoint any Person or Persons being a Member or Members of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, to be Commissioner or Commissioners for the Purposes of regulating, directing, approving and confirming all such Sales and Contracts for Sales, Enfranchisements, Mortgages and Grants of Rent Charges, which shall be made by any such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or any such Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes of or out of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments belonging to such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, by virtue of this Act; and also for the Purpose of regulating, directing, approving and confirming all such Sales or Enfranchisements which shall be made, or of any. Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments wherein His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, have or shall have any Estate, Right or Interest, in Remainder, Reversion or Expectancy by any such Person or Persons holding under any Grant from the Crown or any Act of Parliament as aforesaid; and any Two or more of the Commissioners already appointed or hereafter to be appointed under the Great Seal for the Purposes aforesaid, may do any Act, Matter or Thing which by this Act all such Commissioners are authorized and empowered to do. (,) [ § 1.

ante, and see 46 G. 3. c. 143. § 2. 53 G. 3. c. 123. § 1.]

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Commissioner hereafter to be appointed as last mentioned, before he shall enter upon the Execution of his Office, shall take an Oath to the Effect following; (that is to say,)

( J A*B. do swear, That I will faithfully, impartially and honestly,

according to the best of my Skill and Judgment, execute the several Powers and Trusts reposed in me, by an Act of the Forty

second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George i the Third, intituled \Jiereinsert the Act'], according to the Tenor and Purport of the said Act.

'So help me God.’

Which Oath shall and may be administered by any one of the Persons already appointed or hereafter to be appointed a Commissioner, to any others or other of them.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if the Statement made to the said Commissioners for the Time being, acting in the Execution of this Act by virtue of His Majesty's Letters Patent under the Great Seal, by any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or any Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, or other Person or Persons selling under their Authority or Direction as aforesaid, respecting any such intended Sales, Mortgages or Grants, or the Value of the Estate or Estates proposed to be sold, shall not be satisfactory to the said Commissioners, it shall be lawful for them to require such Information to be given them respecting any Matters or Things relating

His Majesty may appoint -Members of the-Privy Council to be Commissioners for regulating Sales -by Corporations, &c. or Tenants of (lie Crown, &c.

Two Commissioners may act.

Their Oath.

Such Commissioners may require Information and receive Depositions as to Sales, & c, j

650

C. 116.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

and employ a Secretary, &c.

Sales, &c. by Corporations, &c. to be made under Direction of Commissioners, Two of whom to be Parties.

Governors of Charity for Clergymen’s Widows, &c. empowered to sell Lands with Consent of Commissioners.

Colleges, may redeem Land Tax on Livings belonging to them, by Sale, &c. of any of their Lands; and shall be entitled to an equivalent Rent Charge out of

to any such Sales, Mortgages or Grants, as they shall deem necessary, and to receive any Affidavits or Depositions in Writing, upon Oath or Affirmation made before any Commissioners, or Persons who are or shall be authorized to take Affidavits in Causes depending in any of the Courts at Westminsteror before any Justice of the Peace, respecting any Matters or Things relating to any such intended Sales, Mortgages or Grants.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That the said last mentioned Commissioners shall and may from Time to Time employ a Secretary, and all such other Officers and Persons as may be necessary, and shall and may from Time to Time, at their Discretion, dismiss and discharge any Secretary, or other Officers and Persons already appointed or hereafter to be appointed, and to appoint others in their place.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Sale, Enfranchisement, Mortgage or Grant of any Rent Charge which shall be made of or out of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, by virtue of this Act, by any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or any Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, or by any such Person or Persons holding under any Grant from the Crown, or under any Act of Parliament as aforesaid, shall be so made by, with and under the Consent, Sanction, Controul, Direction and Authority of the said last mentioned Commissioners, and no further or other Consent, Authority, Approbation or Confirmation whatever shall be required to enable any such Sales, Enfranchisements, Mortgages or Grants as aforesaid; Provided always, that no such Sale, Mortgage, Enfranchisement or Grant, shall be valid and effectual unless Two at least of the said Commissioners shall certify their Consent thereto and Approbation thereof, by signing and sealing the Deed of Sale, Enfranchisement, Mortgage or Grant, as Parties thereto.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governors of the Charity for the Relief of the poor Widows and Children of Clergymen, with the Consent and under the Direction and Authority of the said last mentioned Commissioners, to sell and dispose of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, given to them by any Will, either generally for the Relief of such poor Widows or Children as aforesaid, or subject to any Qualifications or Restrictions as to the Mode of applying such Relief, in the Extent of the Allowance to be made to Individuals, and to apply the Money arising by such Sale or Sales for the Purpose of redeeming Land Tax charged on any other Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments vested in such Governors for the Purposes of their Charity.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That where the Land Tax charged upon the Glebe Lands, Tythes or other Profits of any Living or Livings in the Patronage of any College, Cathedral Church, Hall or House of Learning, in either of the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, or in the Patronage of either of the Colleges of Eton or Winchester, or of any Trustee or Trustees for any such College, Cathedral Church, Hall or House of Learning, or in the Patronage of any other Corporation Aggregate, shall have been, or shall be redeemed by or on the Behalf of any such College, Cathedral Church, Hall or House of Learning, or by any

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 116. 651

such Corporation Aggregate, by virtue of any of the Provisions of the Living, un-

the said recited Acts or of this Act, it shall be lawful for any such declare

College, Cathedral Church, Hall or House of Learning, or for any

such Trustee or Trustees thereof respectively as aforesaid, or for tJie xhne of

any such Corporation Aggregate, to provide for such Redemption Presentation,

by Sale of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments belonging to &c.

such Corporations respectively, or by the Grant of any Rent

Charge which they could or might respectively lawfully make, for the Redemption of any Land Tax charged on the Lands belonging to such Corporations, and the Land Tax so redeemed shall be

forthwith extinguished; but every such College, Cathedral Church,

Hall, or House of Learning respectively, or such Corporation Aggregate, shall nevertheless be entitled to an Annual Rent Charge issuing out of such Living, equivalent to the Amount of the Land Tax redeemed, unless it shall be declared in Writing under the Common Seal of the Body or Bodies having such Right of Patronage or Nomination at the Time of presenting or nominating any Clerk or Clerks to such Living or Livings, that such Rent Charge shall be suspended during his or their Incumbency or respective Incumbencies, which Declaration the Body or Bodies entitled to nominate to such Living or Livings shall from Time to Time be competent to make; Provided always, that such Suspen- Proviso* sion shall be without Prejudice to the Right of the said Body or Bodies respectively to recover such Rent Charge after the next or any future Avoidance: Provided also, that any Declaration made by any such Body at the Time of redeeming the said Land Tax shall be as available during the Incumbency of the then Rector, Vicar or Curate, as if it had been made at the Time of his being preferred to such Living. £ E to Corporations

Sole, 50 G. 3. c. 58. § 2.]

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That where any Ecclesias- Ecclesiastical tical Rector shall, in Right of his Rectory, be entitled to the Pa- Rectors may tronage or Donation of or to any Vicarage or Perpetual Curacy, yjcw

and there shall not be any Glebe Land belonging to such Vicarage atTae* ^car" or Perpetual Curacy which shall be eligible or proper to be sold Sale'of Part of for the Purpose of redeeming the Land Tax charged on the Glebe Rectorial Lands, Tythes or other Profits thereof, and such Land Tax shall Glebe; and have been or shall be redeemed by such Ecclesiastical Rector, Rector shall be then and in such Case it shall be lawful for such Ecclesiastical equivalent Rent Rector, whether he shall be also Incumbent of the Vicarage or charge out of-Perpetual Curacy or not, to provide for the Redemption of such VicaragQ.

Land Tax by Sale of Part of the Glebe Lands belonging to such.

Rectory, in the same Manner in all Respects as he could or might provide for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged on the Glebe Lands, Tythes, or other Profits thereof, and the Land Tax so redeemed shall be forthwith extinguished; but whenever and so long as such Rectory, and Vicarage or Perpetual Curacy respectively, shall be held by different Incumbents, the Incumbent for the Time being of such Ecclesiastical Rectory shall be entitled to an Annual Rent Charge, issuing out of the Vicarage or Perpetual Curacy, equivalent to the Amount of the Lana Tax charged thereon at the Time of such Redemption as aforesaid.

LXXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Mines, &c. not Mines or Minerals, or Seams or Veins of Coal, Metals or other to pass by Con.'

652

C. 116.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

veyance of

Profits of the like Nature belonging to any Manors, Messuages, Land sold; nor Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be sold by any 111ou"hTppen °or ot^er Ecclesiastical Corporation aforesaid, for the Pur-dantto the ' Pose of redeeming any Land Tax, whether the same shall be Land. opened or unopened, nor any Right, Title or Claim to open or

work the same, nor any Advowson or Right of Patronage or Presentation to any Living or Ecclesiastical Benefice or Right of Nomination to any Perpetual Curacy, shall pass by any Conveyance of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, either by express or general Words in such Conveyance, although such Advowson, Right of Patronage or Presentation, or Nomination, may be appendant or appurtenant to such Manors, Messuages Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments; and such Mines or Minerals, Seams or Veins of Coal, Metal, or other Profits aforesaid, together w?th all proper and necessary Powers for opening and working the same, and such Advowsons, Rights of Patronage or Presentation or Nomination, shall be always absolutely excepted and reserved to such Bishops or other Ecclesiastical Corporations aforesaid, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were in such Conveyance expressly excepted and reserved.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Deed or Instrument whatever whereby any Sale, Enfranchisement, Mortgage or Grant shall be made of or out of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, under the Authority of the said last mentioned Commissioners, by virtue of this Act, shall be liable to any Stamp Duty whatever.

[ §§107. 112>. postJ]

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That where any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments, of or belonging to any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, which shall be sold by virtue of this Act, shall be, either exclusively or in common with other Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, subject to or charged with any yearly Sum or Sums, Stipend or Stipends or other Profit or Emolument, to or for the Use of any Rector, Vicar, Curate or other Person or Persons, it shall be lawful for the said last mentioned Commissioners to direct how and in what Manner and Proportions and out of what Part or Parts of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, originally liable thereto, such Sum or Sums, Stipend or Stipends or other Profits or Emoluments as aforesaid, or any specifick Part or Parts thereof, shall respectively be paid or borne in future; and in every such Case and from thenceforth, the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments or such specifick Part or Parts thereof, by or out of which the same shall be so directed to be paid or borne, shall be exclusively subject thereto, and to such Powers and Remedies for the Recovery thereof, as the Law has provided for the Recovery of Rent reserved on Leases.

So where Part

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That where Part only of of Lands divers Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments

usually demised wj1jcj1 may have been usually demised together by any such Bodies Corporations, Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for &c.rare liable to charitable or other publick Purposes, by one Lease upon which an entire ancient and accustomed Rent or Rents hath or have been

All Deeds, &c. on such Sales exempted from Stamp Duty.

Where Lands of Corporations, &c. shall be sold, which are subject to any Charge, such Commissioners may direct how the same shall be paid in future.

&c. an ancient Rent,

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 116. 653

reserved or made payable, shall be sold for any of the Purposes of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said last mentioned Commissioners to apportion such ancient Rent or Rents, and to settle and adjust the Proportion thereof, which shall from thenceforth be paid or payable in respect of such of the Manors and other Hereditaments comprized in the said Lease, which shall not be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, or to settle out of what Part or Parts of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments liable thereto, the Whole of such Rent or Rents (if the Nature of the Reservation will not admit of Apportionment) shall be reserved or paid in future; and in all Leases which shall thereafter be granted of such last mentioned Manors and other Hereditaments, the Sum or other Article or Thing which shall have been so settled and apportioned, shall be the Rent to be reserved thereon; any Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, shall enfranchise any Cop}^-hold or Customary Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which are or shall be holden of any Manor belonging to them which shall be under Lease, it shall be lawful for the said last mentioned Commissioners to settle and adjust all Questions that may arise between any such Bodies Politick or Corporate, and Companies, and Feoffees or Trustees for charitable and other publick Purposes, enfranchising as last mentioned, and his or their Lessee or Lessees, or any Cestuique Trust of such Lessee or Lessees, touching or concerning any such Enfranchisement, and to order and direct a Recompence to be reserved out of the Purchase Money to such Lessee or Lessees, and such Person or Persons, if any, as shall or may be interested or entitled as Cestuique Trusts or otherwise under such Lessee or Lessees, for any Loss or Injury that may occur to him, her or them, by any such Enfranchisement as aforesaid.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That where the Reversion of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments holden under any Body Politick or Corporate, or Company, or any Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, by virtue of any Lease for One or more Life or Lives, or for Years absolute or determinable on the dropping of One or more Life or Lives, or by Copy of Court Roll or Customary Tenure for Life or Lives, shall be purchased under the Powers of this Act, by or with the proper Monies of the Person or Persons for the Time being beneficially entitled to the Rents and Profits thereof, and where such Lease or Leases shall be subject to any Will or Settlement, so that such Person or Persons shall not, at the Time of purchasing the said Reversion thereof, be entitled to the absolute Interest under such Lease or Leases, and such Person or Persons shall be bound by any Covenant, Engagement or Condition, to renew the Lease at the accustomed Periods, with his, her or their own Monies, or with or out of the Rents and Profits of the Estate, then and in every such Case the immediate Estates and Interests under such subsisting Lease or Leases, as well as the Reversion expectant thereon, shall, under the Direction of the said last mentioned Commissioners, be charged with and made

Commissioners to adjust all Questions between Corporations, &c. and their Lessees, as to Enfranchisement of Lands.

Where Reversion of Lands holden under Corporations, &c. by Lease for Lives, &c. purchased by Persons beneficially entitled to Profits, but not having the absolute Interest, who shall be bound to renew at their own Charge the Interests under the Lease, and that Reversion shall under Directions of Commissioners be chargeable with Money ad-

654

C. 116.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

vanced and Interest, and settled as herein directed.

Where the immediate Estates are charged with such Payment the Persons entitled to the Rents shall be chargeable with Interest.

Commissioners may apply to Chancery.

Corporations, &c. may pur-

subject to the Repayment of the Principal Money advanced for the Purchase of such Reversion, with lawful Interest, to or for the Benefit of the Person or Persons advancing the same, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns; but if the Person or Persons so for the Time being beneficially entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Estates comprized in such subsisting Lease or Leases as aforesaid shall not be liable to any Covenant, Engagement or Condition, to renew the Lease at the accustomed Periods with his or her own Monies, or with or out of the Rents and Profits of the Estate, then and in such Case the Reversion only expectant on the subsisting Lease or Leases shall under such Direction as aforesaid be charged and made subject, for the Benefit of such Person or Persons, with the Payment of the Principal Money advanced for the Purchase thereof, together with lawful Interest, to accumulate from the Time of such Purchase till the Expiration of the subsisting Lease, after deducting out of such Interest the annual Rent (if any) which shall be pa}rable during the Lease, and which shall have been purchased with the Reversion, unless the Person or Persons advancing such Money shall be desirous that the same, together with the Interest, may be made a Charge on the subsisting Lease or Leases, in which Case the immediate Estates and Interests under the same, as well as the Reversion expectant thereon, shall be charged and made subject to the Payment of such Principal Money and Interest, in like Manner as if such Person or Persons had been bound to renew the Lease; and subject to such Charges so to be made respectively as aforesaid, the Fee Simple of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments, shall be settled, under the like Direction, for the Benefit of the Person or Persons so purchasing the same, and of such other Persons as would have been entitled under such Will or Settlement to the Benefit of any renewed Lease or Leases for the Time being, and so as to be enjoj ed by them for such respective Estates and Interests, as, considering the Alteration of the Tenure, shall appear to the said Commissioners most correspondent with the Intention of such Will or Settlement: Provided always, that where the immediate Estates or Interests under any such Lease or Leases shall be charged with and made subject to the Payment of the Principal Money advanced for the Purchase of the Reversion, the Persons successively entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments comprized in the subsisting Lease or Leases respectively, shall be made chargeable with the Interest accruing during his or her Estate therein; and that no greater Arrear than for One Year shall be recoverable, against any Person who shall become entitled in Remainder, for Interest accrued during the Estate or Term of any Person or Persons entitled to any preceding Estate or Interest in the Premises: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to direct an Application to be made to the Court of Chancery in a summary Way, for obtaining Direction as to the Mode of settling any such Reversion, or the Equity of Redemption thereof, where the Case shall appear to them to be attended with Difficulty.

[See 115.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees

or

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 116.

655

or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, by and under the Direction and Authority of the said last mentioned Commissioners, to contract and agree with their respective Lessees and Tenants holding under any Demise by Copy of Court Roll or otherwise, who shall under the Powers contained in the said recited Acts or any of them, or of this Act, have redeemed the Land Tax charged on the Manors or other Hereditaments comprised in such Demises respectively, for an Assignment to such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other public Purposes of the Land Tax which shall have been so redeemed by their respective Lessees or Tenants; and for the Purpose of completing the Purchase of such Assignment, it shall be lawful to carry into Execution all and every or any of the Powers which, under and by virtue of this Act, are or shall be vested in them for raising Money by Sale of any Manors or other Hereditaments for the Purpose of redeeming any Land Tax in the first Instance: Provided always, That if any Monies shall be then remaining in the Bank of, or an)^ Stock shall be then invested in the Names of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, which shall have arisen from any Sale or Sales before made by any such Body Politick or Corporate, or Company, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, contracting for the Purchase of such Assignment, and which shall not have been applied to the Redemption of any Land Tax, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners under the Great Seal or any Two or more of them, to order and direct that the Consideration agreed to be paid or transferred for such Purchase, shall be paid or transferred out of such Monies or Stock respectively, and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and such Commissioners for the Reduction of the

National Debt respectively, are hereby authorized and required, upon a Certificate of such Order, signed by any Two or more of the said Commissioners under the Great Seal, to pay or transfer to the Person or Persons assigning such Land Tax, the Money or Stock specified in such Certificate; and the Receipt or Receipts of such Person or Persons shall be a sufficient Discharge for such Money or Stock.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments belonging to any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, shall be sold to raise Money for the Redemption of Land Tax, and it shall afterwards appear that the Money arising from such Sale or Sales shall not be sufficient to redeem the Whole of the Land Tax charged on the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments belonging to such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, and such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, shall be willing and desirous to pay into the Bank such further Sum or Sums as may be necessary to make up the whole of the Money requisite to redeem such Land Tax, then it shall be lawful for the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, and they are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for all such Sum or Sums as may be

offered

chase of their Lessees, &c. Land Tax redeemed by them, and may sell Lands for that Purpose, as in the First Instance; or if Money, &c. shall be in the Bank, &c. from Sales previously made, it may be applied in such Purchase.

Where Money from Sale of Lands belonging to Corporations, &c. shall be insufficient to redeem the whole Land Tax, Bank may receive the Deficiency from them.

656

€,116.

*12° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Land Tax redeemed by Bishops, tS. c. considered as an additional yearly Rientors all Demises;

as shall also Laud Tax redeemed by Corporations, &c. on of Lands let on Lease.

In all Cases the Whole of Lands usually occupied together may be sold where they

offered to be paid to them to make up such Deficiencies, and to apply such Monies for the Purpose of completing such Redemption.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That where the Land Tax charged on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments belonging to any Bishop or other Ecclesiastical Corporation, shall have been or shall be redeemed by such Bishop or Ecclesiastical Corporation, with any Monies which shall have been or shall be raised for that Purpose, by virtue of any of the Powers or Provisions of the said recited Acts or of this Act, such Land Tax shall be considered as yearly Rent, payable to such Bishop or other Ecclesiastical Corporation, his and their Successors, over and above the reserved Rent (if any), daring the Demise existing at the Time of such Sale, and shall be recovered and paid as such; and the Land Tax so redeemed shall, in all future Demises of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, be added to the ancient and accustomed yearly Rent reserved or made payable during the Terms granted by such Demises, and shall be reserved and made payable as such accustomed yearly Rent during the Terms to be granted as aforesaid, and shall be recovered and recoverable as such accustomed Rent, by the like Remedies as such Bishops or other Ecclesiastical Corporations may use for the Recovery of the ancient and accustomed Rent reserved upon such Demises; and where such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments shall be demised to any Under Lessee, who shall be bound by any Covenant or Agreement to pay the Land Tax charged thereon, then and in such Case the Amount of such Land Tax shall be considered as Rent reserved or made payable on such last mentioned Demise; and the same powers shall be had, used or enjoyed, for the Recovery thereof, as for the Recovery of such Rent when in Arrear.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That where any Land Tax chargeable on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which are or shall be holden by Copy of Court Roll or other Customary Tenure of any Manor or Manors belonging to any Body Politick or Corporate, or Company, or any Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes as aforesaid, by virtue of any Lease or Leases, shall have been or shall be redeemed by any such Body Politick or Corporate, or Company, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, under the Powers contained in any of the said recited Acts or this Act, the Amount of the Land Tax so redeemed or purchased shall be considered as Rent reserved to such Body Politick or Corporate, or Company, or such Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes as aforesaid, out of such of or Customary Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and be payable on the same Days as such Land Tax was payable before the Redemption thereof; and the same Powers shall be had, used and enjoyed for the Recovery thereof, as for the Recovery of Rent in Arrear. § 118. to, &$cJ\

XC. And be it further enacted, That if any Farm and Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments usually occupied together, shall be proposed to be sold under the Provisions of this Act, which shall be more than sufficient for the Purpose of redeeming the Land Tax; and in case it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the respective

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 116.

65 7

five Commissioners under whose Authority such Sale is to be made, cannot be di-that such Farm and Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments cannot be vided without divided, in order that an adequate Part thereof may be sold, without Loss‘

Loss to the Parties interested, and (in Cases of Sales by any Person or Persons other than Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes,) if the Person or Persons who shall be entitled to the First or next beneficial Estate in Remainder, Reversion or Expectancy, being of full Age, shall consent and agree to the Sale of the Whole of such Farm and Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so proposed to be sold, on the Terms and under the Restrictions herein mentioned, it shall be lawful in such Case for such respective Commissioners to direct and authorize the Sale of the Whole of such Farm and Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in the Manner directed by this Act.

[ As to Dis of the, see

100. post.]

XCI. And be it further enacted, That where any Bodies Politick Where Indivi-or Corporate, or Companies, or any Feoffees or Trustees for cha- duals or Corpo-ritable or other publick Purposes, or other Person or Persons, j^Llnd0" shall have redeemed or shall redeem their, his or her Land Tax, ^axby Ad-° by or out of their, his or her own Personal Estate, or by or out of vance of Mo-any Trust Property applicable to such Redemption, by virtue of ney, &c. or the said recited Acts or of this Act, or by any other Means than contracted for by Sale, Mortgage or Grant made or to be made under the Provisions of the said recited Acts or of this Act, and also where any raj^e Money^as such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or they might have Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, or other Person done in the first or Persons, shall be entitled, under any of the Provisions of the Instance, said recited Acts, to demand an Assignment of any Land Tax upon the Determination of any precedent Estate, (in Cases of Contracts already entered into by virtue of the said Acts, wherein an Option shall have been declared as therein is mentioned,) or shall agree under the Provisions of this Act with the Executors or Administrators of any Person dying before the Transfer or Payment of all the Instalments to be transferred or paid upon any Contract entered into by him or her, to take an Assignment of such Contract for the Purpose of completing the same, it shall be lawful for all and every such Bodies Politick and Corporate, and Companies, and Feoffees or Trustees for charitable and other publick Purposes, and other Person or Persons, either for the Purpose of reimbursing all Stock (in Cases where the original Consideration for the Redemption of any such Land Tax shall have been in Stock), and for reimbursing all Sums of Money (in Cases where the original Consideration for such Redemption shall have been in Money), which shall respectively have been before transferred, laid out or applied in the Redemption of such Land Tax, or for the Purpose of raising Money to purchase any such Assignment of Land Tax, or for the Purpose of raising Money as well to purchase the Assignment of any Contract not completed, as to complete the Instalments remaining due thereon as aforesaid, to carry into Execution all and every or any of the Powers by this Act given, in order to raise Money by Sale, Mortgage or Grant, for the Redemption of Land Tax, in such and the same Manner, and under and subject to such and the same Rules, Restrictions and Regulations in all Respects, as such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or

Companies,

65$

C. 116.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Where any Allowance made out of any Fee Farm or other Rentsin respect of the Land Tax, they may be sold, subject to such Allowance.

Notice of Intention to sell the Fee Simple of Lands in Lease or Copy-

Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, or other Person or Persons, would have been authorized by this Act to carry into Execution the same Powers for the Purpose of redeeming any Land Tax in the First Instance; and where any such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees, for charitable or other publick Purposes, or other Person or Persons, shall have redeemed or shall redeem any such Land Tax, by and out of any Monies which shall have arisen or been produced, or shall arise and be produced, by any Mortgage or Grant which shall have been or shall be made by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act, it shall also be lawful for the Purpose of paying off any Sums borrowed on that Account, to carry into Execution all and every or any of the Powers by this Act given, in order to raise Money by Sale for the Redemption of Land Tax, in such and the same Manner, and under and subject to such and the same Rules, Restrictions and Regulations in all Respects, as such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, or other Person or Persons, would have been authorized by this Act to carry into Execution the same Powers for the Purpose of redeeming any Land Tax in the First Instance.

[See § 166.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That where any Deduction or Allowance shall have been, or shall be made or allowed out of any Fee Farm or other Rents or Annuities issuing or payable out of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to or for the Benefit of any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, or other Person or Persons, in respect of the Land Tax charged or which shall have been charged on such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, it shall be lawful for such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, or other Person or Persons to sell such Fee Farm or other Rents or Annuities, for the Purposes, and according to the Provisions and under the Restrictions of this Act, subject to such Deduction or Allowance, and whether the Land Tax charged on the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments out of which the same shall be issuing or payable, shall have been or shall be redeemed at the Time of such Sale or not, and although the Purchase Monies for the same shall, in the Judgment of the respective Commissioners authorizing and approving of or consenting to such Sale, be sufficient to redeem so much Land Tax only as shall be equal to the Amount of the clear Fee Farm or other Rent or Annuity, after making such Deduction or Allowance as aforesaid; and every such Fee Farm or other Rent or Annuity shall thenceforth be freed and exonerated from Land Tax, and all Future Assessments thereof, and also from all Deductions or Allowances thereout in respect of Land Tax, other than and except such Deduction or Allowance as shall have been made or allowed at the Time of such Sale.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That where the Fee Simple and Inheritance of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, holden under any beneficial Lease or Leases, or by Copy of Court Roll, as herein-before is mentioned, shall be

proposed

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 116.

659

proposed to be sold by virtue of this Act, two Calendar Months’ Notice of such intended Sale shall be given by the Body Politick or Corporate, or Company, or other Person or Persons proposing to sell the same, to the Person or Persons, for the Time being, beneficially interested therein, under the subsisting Lease or Leases, or Copy or Copies of Court Roll thereof, or to his, her, or their Committee or Committees in Cases of Lunacy, or Guardian or Guardians in Cases of Infancy, or in any other Cases of Incapacity to the Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons having Authority to act for such Person or Persons incapable of acting for themselves; during which Period of two Months the Person and Persons so beneficially interested, or his, her, or their Committee or Committees, Guardian or Guardians, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons, having Authority to Act for him, her or them, on his, her or their Behalf, shall be entitled to contract for the Purchase thereof, in Preference to any other Person or Persons; and any one Coparcener, or Joint Tenant or Tenant in Common, beneficially interested as aforesaid, shall have the like Privilege of Preemption, in respect of the Whole of the Estate comprized in any such Lease or Grant, by Copy of Court Roll, on the Refusal of any other Coparcener, Joint Tenant or Tenant in Common, to contract for the Purchase of their respective Shares; and such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall not be sold to any other Person or Persons till after the Expiration of such Notice, unless the Person or Persons having the Privilege of Preemption on Behalf of themselves or others, shall, by Writing under his, her or their Hand or Hands, waive the same, in which Case such Fee Simple and Inheritance may be sold to any other Person or Persons at any Time before the Expiration of such Notice: Provided always, that when any Price shall have been offered for the Purchase of any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, by any Person or Persons having such Privilege of Preemption as aforesaid, which shall not be accepted by the Body Politick or Corporate, or Company, or other Person or Persons proposing to sell the same, such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments shall not at any Time afterwards be sold to any other Person or Persons for a less Price than the Price so offered by the Person or Persons having such Privilege of Preemption as aforesaid, till after the Expiration of two Calendar Months further Notice given to such last mentioned Person or Persons, of the Sale proposed to be made at such reduced Price (and which further Notice is hereby required to be given in every such Case), during which further Period such Person or Persons shall have the like Privilege of Preemption as aforesaid, of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, at such reduced Price: Provided also, that if such Person or Persons shall waive such Privilege of Preemption in Manner aforesaid, such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments may be sold to any other Person or Persons at such reduced Price, at any Time before the Expiration of such Period: Provided also, that every such Notice to any Committee of any Lunatick, or any Guardian of any Infant, or any other Person having Authority to act for any incapacitated Person, shall be as valid and effectual to enable the Sale of such Manors, Messuages,

Lands,

hold Lands, to be given to the Person beneficially interested, who shall have a certain Privilege of Preemption, as shall One Coparcener, on the Refusal of the others: if the Price offered be not accepted, the Lands shall not be sold at a reduced Price till after further Notice.

Proviso for waiver of Privilege of Preemption.

660

Sale or Mortgage of of Lands, &c. not to affect the Right of Lords of Manors to Fines, &c.

No more of an Estate (except under § 90.) shall be sold, nor more Money raised than Commissioners shall think necessary for redeeming Land Tax and paying Expences.

C. 116. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to any Person or Persons not having any Interest in the subsisting Lease or Grant thereof, after the Expiration of such Notice, (or sooner in case of the Waiver of the Privilege of Preemption by any such Committee, Guardian or other Person or Persons having Authority to act as aforesaid,) as if such Notice or Waiver had been given or made to or by any Person or Persons of Capacity by Law to act for themselves.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That no Sale or Mortgage of any of or Customary Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, by virtue of this Act, shall extend or be construed to extend in anywise to prejudice or affect the Right of any Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, of any Manor of which the same may be holden, to such Fine or Fines as shall have been usual and accustomed, and of Right ought to be yielded and paid to such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, upon any Alienation of and Admittance to such of or Customary Messuages, Lands Tenements or Hereditaments, nor to authorize any Purchaser or Mortgagee of any such of or Customary Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to enter and take any Rents or Profits thereof by virtue of this Act, until such Fine or Fines shall have been duly paid: Provided always, that upon the Production of the Deed of Sale or Mortgage, and upon the Payment or Tender of such Fine or Fines as aforesaid, the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, for the Time being, of any such Manor, shall, at the next or some subsequent Court to be holden for such Manor, upon Request of the Purchaser or Mortgagee of any such of or Customary Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, not only grant the same to him, her or them, by Copy of Court Roll, for such Estate or Interest as shall be sold or conveyed, reserving the usual and accustomed Rents, Customs and Services, but shall also at the same Court admit him, her or them, Tenant or Tenants of the same of or Customary Lands or Tenements, as other Copyholders of the same Manors have been wont to be admitted, and to receive his, her or their Fealty accordingly.

XCV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no other or greater quantity of any Estate (except in the Case herein-before mentioned) (a) shall be sold by virtue of this Act than what shall appear to the respective Commissioners under whose authority the Sale shall be made, eligible and necessary to be sold for the Purposes thereof; and no more Money shall be raised by any such Sale, or by any Mortgage or Grant of any Rent Charge to be made by virtue of the Powers and Provisions of this Act, than what shall appear to such respective Commissioners sufficient for the Purpose of redeeming the Land Tax proposed to be redeemed, and also for the purpose of paying and satisfying the Costs and Expences which the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, or other Person or Persons making any such Sale, Mortgage or Grant, shall incur on account thereof; and it shall be lawful for the respective Commissioners under whose Authority any such Sale, Mortgage or Grant shall be made, and also for any Courts, where the Authority of such Courts is requisite to such Sale, Mortgage or Grant, to order and direct that such Costs and Expences shall, in the first (a) [See § 90. ante.]

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 116.

661

Instance, be paid and satisfied out of the Monies to arise therefrom, or that so much thereof as they shall deem sufficient shall be reserved for that Purpose; and the Order or Direction of such respective Commissioners or of such Courts respectively shall be a sufficient Discharge for so much of the said Monies as shall be paid by any Purchasers, Mortgagees or Grantees in pursuance thereof.

XCVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall be sold, mortgaged or charged by virtue of this Act, if the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons who shall be beneficially entitled to the first or next beneficial Estate in Remainder, Reversion or Expectancy therein (if any such shall be), or the Guardian or Guardians of any such Person or Persons in Cases of Infancy, or Committee or Committees of his, her or their Estates in Cases of Lunacy, shall, within one Calendar Month after Notice in Writing shall be given to him, her or them, by the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons desirous of making such Sale, Mortgage or Grant (which Notice they are hereby required to give in every such Case), propose and agree to redeem the Land Tax, for the Redemption of which such Sale, Mortgage or Charge was proposed to be made; and which Land Tax any such Guardians or Committees are hereby authorized and empowered to redeem out of any Monies or Personal Property belonging to any Infants or Lunaticks, for whom they shall be Guardians or Committees respectively; and in every such Case the Contract for the Redemption of such Land Tax shall be made in the Name of, or be assigned to the Body Politick or Corporate, or Company, or other Person or Persons so beneficially entitled in Remainder, Reversion, or Expectancy as aforesaid, who shall be bound to complete the same, and have and enjoy all Benefits and Advantages arising therefrom, as other Persons in Remainder or Reversion redeeming any Land Tax, are by this Act entitled to have and enjoy: Provided always, that no such Notice as last aforesaid shall be required to enable any Sale, Mortgage or Grant, by virtue of this Act, in Cases where the Persons desirous of making such Sale, Mortgage or Grant, shall be the Guardian or Committee, or the Husband of the Person or Persons beneficially entitled to the first or next beneficial Estate in Remainder as aforesaid. §§ 123. 125.

XCVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Body Politick or Corporate, or Company, or other Person or Persons interested in Remainder, Reversion or Expectancy, in any Estate in England, of which any part shall be proposed to be so sold or mortgaged by virtue of this Act, or for the Guardians, Committees or Trustees of any such Person or Persons who shall be aggrieved by such intended Sale or Mortgage, or conceive themselves so to be, at any Time before such Estate shall have actually been conveyed by Way of Sale or Mortgage, to present a Petition to the High Court of Chancery, which Court shall have Power, in a summary Way, to make such Order respecting the Suspension of or Proceeding in such Sale or Mortgage, or for the Sale or Mortgage of any other Part of the Estate in question, as well as for the Payment of any Costs occasioned by such Petition, as such Court shall think fit.

42 Geo. III. X x XCVIII. And

Lands not to be sold or charged, if the Person next beneficially entitled shall, within a Month after Notice of intended Sale, &c. agree to redeem the Land Tax; which he may then do as a Person in Remainder.

Notice not requisite in certain Cases.

On proposed Sales of Estates in England, Reversioners aggrieved may apply to Chancery, who may relieve.

662

C. 116.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Money arising from Sale, &c. shall be paid, (except other-vise directed) into the Bank to the Account of the Commissioners for the National Debt, and invested in 5 per Cents, and on the Cashier’s Re-cept the Land Tax shall be redeemed, &c. as if Stock had been transferred by the Parties.

Corporations, &c. may agree with the Purchasers of Lands, that the Consideration shall be in the 3 per Cents, instead of Money, &c.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money to arise by virtue of any Sale, Mortgage or Grant, to be made in pursuance of this Act, (except such part thereof, if any, which shall have been reserved under the Order and Direction of the respective Commissioners authorizing the Sale, Mortgage or Grant, for the Purpose of paying Costs and Expences incurred therein, and except in Cases where the Payment thereof is otherwise authorized or directed by this Act,) shall be paid by the respective Purchasers, Mortgagees or Grantees, into the Bank of England, and thereupon the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby required to place the same to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, under the Title of An Account of the Sale of the Land Tax, who shall keep distinct Accounts thereof, and cause the same to be forthwith invested in the purchase of three Pounds 'per Centum Bank Annuities, in their Names, according to the Directions of this Act, whether the Contract or Contracts for the Redemption of the Land Tax to be redeemed therewith, or the Deed of Sale, Mortgage or Grant, shall have been completed or not; and the Cashiers of the Bank are hereby required from Time to Time to receive all such Monies when tendered at the Bank; and the Receipt of such Cashiers, or any one of them, shall be a full and sufficient Discharge to the several Purchasers, Mortgagees or Grantees paying in such Monies as aforesaid; and the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons whose Land Tax shall have been or shall be redeemed therewith, shall, upon the Production of the Certificate of the Contract or Contracts for the Redemption of such Land Tax, be entitled to have and receive the same Certificates and Discharges, and their, his or her Estate shall be exonerated and discharged from such Land Tax, in the same Manner in all Respects as if the Quantity of three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Monies had been actually transferred by them, him or her, to the said Commissioners, as the Consideration for the Redemption of such Land Tax. \_See §§ 104.117.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That where any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments shall be sold by virtue of this Act for the Purpose of redeeming any Land Tax, it shall be lawful for the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, or other person or Persons making such Sale (with the Consent and Approbation of the respective Commissioners under whose Authority the same shall be made), to agree with the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, that the Consideration for the Purchase of the same shall be in the three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or in the three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, to be transferred by such Purchaser or Purchasers to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; in lieu of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be paid into the Bank of England in the Manner

herein-before directedand the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt are hereby required to accept and receive the Transfer of such three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities; and the Certificate of any of the Cashiers of the Bank of

acknowledging

A.D. 1802.

12° GEO. III.

G. 116.

663

acknowledging such Transfer, shall be as effectual a Discharge to the respective Purchasers transferring such Stock, as if the Consideration for such Purchase had been in lawful Money of Great Britain, and paid into the Bank of England in Manner herein-before directed; and the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, or other Person or Persons, whose Land Tax shall have been redeemed therewith, shall be entitled to the same Certificates and Discharges, and their, his or her Estate shall be exonerated and discharged from such Land Tax, in the same Manner in all Respects as if such Bank Annuities had been actually transferred by them, him or her, as the Consideration for the Redemption of such Land Tax.

C. And be it further enacted, That whenever by reason of any Surplus of

Fluctuation in the Price of the said Bank Annuities, or that the Stock (if any)

precise Quantity of Estate necessary to be sold for the Purposes

aforesaid, cannot be set apart to be sold, or by reason of the to^deem the Whole of any Farm and Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments Land Tax,

being sold under the Authority of this Act, there shall be any from Lands in

Surplus of Stock transferred as the Consideration for or purchased England, shall

with the Money arising by any Sale, Mortgage or Grant to be by invested in 1,. Jp £ J ° i 1 1 the Bank in lh<

made by virtue thereof, after reserving so much of such Stock as Name of the

shall be agreed to be transferred as the Consideration for the Land Accountant Tax redeemed, the said Surplus Stock shall, where such Manors, General, and Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments sold, mortgaged applied by or charged, are situated in England,be placed in the Books of the Bank of England, in the Name and wdth the Privity of the Ac- Benefit of Par- count-ant General of the Court of Chancery, to the Intent that the ties entitled same may be applied in the Manner herein after mentioned; (that to the Lands, is to say,) to the Intent that such Surplus Stock may at a convenient Time be sold, and the Money arising therefrom applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court (to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way), in the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or Parts thereof, affecting the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, the Land Tax charged whereon shall have been so redeemed, or where the same shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation, in the Purchase of other Manors, Messuages, Lands,

Tenements and Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Manors, Messuages,

Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which shall be so sold, mortgaged or charged as aforesaid, stood settled and limited, or such of them as, at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time the Dividends and annual Produce of such Surplus Stock shall from Time to Time go and belong to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Manors, Messuages,

Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in case such last mentioned Purchase and Settlement were made. [See 53 G. 3. c. 123. § 39.]

CI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where in Scotland such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments such Surplus

6<34-

c. no.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

and the Produce placed in One of the public Banks, and applied in like Manner,

Stock to be sold

so sold, mortgaged or charged, are situated in Scotland, such Surplus Stock may be sold, and the Money arising therefrom be paid into or placed in One or other of the Two publick Banks of Scotland, with the previous Authority of the Court of Session; the Judges of which Court are hereby empowered and required, upon summary Petition to be presented to them by or on the Behalf of by Authority of the Proprietor or Heir in Possession for the Time being, to direct Session!11 ° an^ order that the said Surplus Money or Balance shall be laid out and employed, as soon as conveniently may be, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, either in the Payment of Debts affecting the said intended entailed Estate, or in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which respectively shall be limited and settled to the same Persons and Uses, and under the same Clauses and Conditions, as the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, which' shall be so sold, mortgaged or charged as aforesaid, stood settled and limited; and in the mean Time, till the said Surplus Money or Balance shall be so employed, to order and direct the Money to be laid out upon such Security as to the Court shall seem proper, upon Interest; and to direct such Clauses to be inserted in the Bond or other Security to be taken for the Money, as shall be effectual to secure the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in -case such Sale, Mortgage or Grant, had not been made, and the succeeding Heirs of Entail who shall successively come to the Possession of the same, the Enjoyment of the Interest of the said Money, and to preserve the Capital until the Money shall be employed as aforesaid.

CII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any such Surplus as aforesaid shall not exceed the Amount of Two hundred Pounds Principal Stock, the same shall be transferred to a Trustee to be named by the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons redeeming such Land Tax, in order that the same may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery or Court of Session as aforesaid.

CIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall be charged for not or chargec\ for the Purpose of redeeming any Land Tax, the and thtTconsi Consideration for the Redemption whereof shall in the Contract be deration for Re- stipulated to be paid in Money, and the Monies to be produced by demption is in any such Sale, Mortgage or Grant shall not exceed Five hundred Pounds, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the respective Purchasers or Mortgagees of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or the respective Grantees of any Rent Charge thereout, to pay their respective Purchase or Mortgage Monies to the Receiver General for the County or Riding, or the Collector for the Shire or Stewartry, where the same Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall be situate, whose Receipts shall be as effectual in all Respects to discharge such respective Purchasers, Mortgagees or Grantees, as the Receipt of the Cashier of the Bank of England would have been

9 in

Surplus not exceeding 2001. Stock, transferred to a Trustee, without Application to Courts.

Where Lands are sold or are

Money, it may be paid to the Receiver General, &c. and the Surplus to a Trustee.

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 116.

665

in case such Monies had been paid into the Bank; and the respective Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons whose Land Tax shall have been redeemed therewith, shall be entitled to have and receive the same Discharges, and their respective Estates shall be exonerated and discharged from such Land Tax in the same Manner, in all Respects, as if such. Money had been actually paid by them; and in case there shall be any Surplus of such Monies, after reserving the Consideration for such Land Tax, the same shall be paid to a Trustee or Trustees, to be named by the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies,-or other Person or Persons redeeming such Land Tax, in.qrder; that the same may be applied in the Manner directed by this Act respecting Surplus Stock, where the same shall not exceed Two hundred Pounds Stock.

CIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted,- That in all Cases where any Money shall be raised under any of the Provisions of this Act for the Purpose of reimbursing any Stock, or any Sum or Sums of Money laid out in the Redemption of Land Tax, or of paying off any Sums before borrowed for that Purpose, or for the Purpose of purchasing the Assignment of any Land Tax, under any of the Provisions of the said recited Acts or of this Act, or the Assignment of any Contracts not completed, in order to complete the same, such Monies shall not be paid into the Bank of

or to any Receiver General or Collector, but the same or (in Cases where the Assignment of any Contract shall be purchased in order to complete the same, or in Cases of Sale) so much thereof as shall be requisite shall, under the Order of the respective Commissioners who shall have authorized the Sale, Mortgage or Grant, be paid to the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies or other Person or Persons entitled to the Benefit thereof, whose Receipt or Receipts in pursuance of such Order shall as effectually discharge the respective Purchasers or Mortgagees, as the Receipt or Receipts of the Cashier of the Bank of, or any

Receiver General or Collector would have done in case the same had been-' paid into the Bank, or to such Receiver or Collector pursuant to the Directions of this Act; and the Remainder of such Monies (in Cases where any such shall be) shall in pursuance of such Order be paid into the Bank of England, or to the Receiver General or Collector (as the Case may require), to the same Account, and shall be applied in the same Manner, and the Cashiers of the Bank, or any of them, and such Receiver General or Collector are or is hereby required to give such Receipt for the same, as if the Whole of such Purchase or Mortgage Money had been paid into the Bank, or to such Receiver General or Collector in pursuance of this Act.

CV. And be it further enacted, That where any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments shall be sold by virtue of this Act, for the Purpose of redeeming any Land Tax, it shall be lawful for the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons making such Sale, to agree with the Purchasers of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, that the Purchase Money for the same shall be paid by Instalments (a), provided such Instalments be to be paid into the (a)[See §$ 26,27. 29.

X x 55 Bank

Money arising from Lands sold for reimbursing Sums advanced, shall, under the Order of Commissioners, be paid to the Persons entitled, and the Remainder into the Bank, &c*

Purchase Money may be agreed to be paid by Instalments into the Bank, and Purchasers shall be liable to all Penalties, &c. on Default*

666

Where Purchase Money is to be paid within the Year and at not more than Six Instalments, Treasury may, after Payment of the First, advance or procure Money for the immediate Completion of the Contract.

C. 116. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Bank of England in the Manner directed by this Act within the same Period, and on the same Days and Times as shall be specified in the Contract for the Redemption of such Land Tax, for the Transfer or Payment of the respective Instalments of Stock to be transferred thereon, together with Interest at the Time of Payment of each Instalment as herein is directed to be paid upon the Transfer of Stock by Instalments: Provided also, that such Agreement, and the Days and Times stipulated for the Payment of such Instalments, and the Amount thereof respectively be inserted and expressed in the Indenture whereby such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments shall be conveyed: Provided also, that after such Conveyance shall be executed, no such Body Politick or Corporate, or Company, or other Person, nor their respective Successors, Executors or Administrators, shall be subject or liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture by this Act imposed, in case of Default in the Transfer of any of the Instalments agreed to be transferred on the Contract entered into by such Body Politick or Corporate, or Company, or other Person for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged on their Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, nor shall the Land Tax, so contracted for, be revived or again become chargeable on the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments whereon the same was charged, prior to such Contract, but all such Penalties and Forfeitures shall be paid, sustained and borne by such Purchaser or Purchasers, his, her or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Assigns, and all the subsequent Instalments of such Purchase Money shall be recoverable as a Debt to His Majesty upon Record against him, her or them, and against his, her or their Estates, Goods, Chattels and Effects.

CVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments shall be sold by any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies aforesaid, or by any Person or Persons whatever for the Redemption of any Land Tax, under a Contract or Agreement with the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, that the Purchase Money shall be paid into the Bank of England in not more than Six equal Instalments, at equal Periods from each other, and be completed within the Period of One Year from the Time of paying in the first Instalment, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, for the Time being, at any Time after Payment of the first Instalment, to agree with the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, for the Advance or Loan to him, her or them, of so much Money as shall be sufficient for the immediate Completion of the Contract, upon such Terms and Conditions for securing the Repayment of the said Principal Money so to be advanced, with lawful Interest for the same, as the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them for the Time being, shall think reasonable and just, and as shall be agreed to by such Purchaser or Purchasers; or otherwise it shall be lawful for the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, to contract and agree with any other Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons, for the Advance or Payment into the

Bank

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 116.

66T

Bank of England, by such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons, on the Behalf of such Purchaser or Purchasers, of such Sum or Sums of Money as he, she or they shall desire to be advanced for the Purposes before mentioned, upon such Terms and Conditions as the said Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons, and the said Purchaser or Purchasers, shall respectively agree upon.

CVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons for whom any such Sum and Sums shall be advanced for the Purpose aforesaid, shall enter into a Security for the Repayment of the same, with Interest, by Writing obligatory to Our Sovereign Lord The King, in such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be directed by the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or by the Corporation, Companies, Societies or Persons respectively advancing the same as aforesaid, to be paid to Our said Lord The King, by such Form of Words as Obligations to The King’s Majesty have been used to be made, and with such Conditions to be thereunder written, as between the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Parties advancing such Sums of Money, and the said respective Purchasers, shall be agreed on; and that all such Obligations so to be made shall be good and effectual in the Law, and shall be of the same Quality, Force and Effect, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Obligation made to Our Sovereign Lord The King, or His Predecessors, or any of them, hath at any Time heretofore been or now is adjudged, received or taken to be; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided also, that no Obligation to His Majesty, in pursuance of this Act., shall be liable to any Stamp Duty whatever.

CVIII. And be it further enacted, That if Default shall be made by any such Purchaser or Purchasers, his, her or their Heirs or Assigns, in the Repayment of any such Sum or Sums of Money which shall be so advanced, either by the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or by any other Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons aforesaid, or of the Interest thereon, or any Part thereof, within the respective Times limited by the said Obligations for the Payment thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or the said Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons aforesaid, who shall have advanced such Sums of Money as aforesaid, and they are hereby respectively required, without further Delay, to issue his or their Certificate or Certificates from Time to Time to the proper Officer of the Crown, having the Management of Proceedings upon Obligations to His Majesty, requiring such Officer or Officers personally to proceed against the Person or Persons making such Default, his, her and their Heirs, Executors and Administrators, for the Recovery of such Parts of the Sums advanced as shall be then due, together with Interest as aforesaid, and such Costs and Charges attending such Proceedings as shall be by Law payable for the same; the Amount of which Principal Sums so to be levied the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Persons aforesaid, shall cause from Time to Time

Purchasers receiving such Advance shall enter into Bonds (exempt from Stamp Duty), to the King for, Repayment with Interest.

On Failure of Payment of Principal or Interest, the Treasury or other Lenders, shall issue Certificates to the proper Officers of the Crown, requiring them to proceed against Defaulters for the Sum due which shall be inserted in the Writ, and the Money, when recovered, paid into the Bank.

668

C. 116.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

No Scire facias necessary, &c.

On Payment, the Purchaser’s Bond to be delivered up, &c.

Process may issue against the Lands purchased.

Persons receiving such Advance considered as having completed their Contracts.

to be testified by their Note in Writing, under the Hands of any Two or more of them, to such Officer or Officers, and which Sums shall be inserted in the Writ or Process, and the like Process shall and may from Time to Time issue as aforesaid, as Occasion shall require; and the Sums so recovered (the Costs and Charges aforesaid excepted) shall be paid to the said Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, without Abatement, Deduction or Delay, in Satisfaction of such Demands.

CIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where any Proceeding shall be directed under the Authority of this Act, no Writ or Writs of scire facias shall be required to be issued, but that upon the Production of the Certificate or Certificates of the said Commissioners as before mentioned, before any of the Barons of the respective Courts of Exchequer at Westminster or in land, an Extent shall and may issue in the First Process upon the Fiat of such Baron, without any Affidavit or other Verification or Proof of the Cause of such Proceeding, than such Certificate or Certificates as aforesaid.

CX. And be it further enacted, That after the due Payment of the Sums advanced, with Interest as aforesaid, every Obligation entered into in pursuance of this Act being fully satisfied according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be forthwith delivered up to be cancelled; and in case any such Obligation shall have been prosecuted according to the Directions of this Act, the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall by their Warrant or Warrants, direct the proper Officer or Officers of the said respective Courts of Exchequer to enter up Satisfaction on such Obligation or Obligations being so satisfied as aforesaid, upon the Record, or otherwise to deliver up the same to be cancelled, as the Case may require.

CXI. And be it further enacted, That such Process as aforesaid shall and may lawfully issue on any such Obligation as aforesaid, against the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so to be purchased as aforesaid, and all other the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and also the Goods, Chattels and Effects of such Purchaser or Purchasers, his, her or their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, for the Benefit of any such Person or Persons, Bodies, Corporations or Companies, his, her and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators or Assigns, who shall, in pursuance of any such Agreement with the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, advance or lend any Sum or Sums of Money to such Purchaser or Purchasers as aforesaid.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Bodies Politick and Corporate, and Companies, and other Person and Persons making any such Sale or Sales, or Contracts for any such Sale or Sales, for the Purpose of redeeming their Land Tax, to whom such Advance shall be made, shall, from and immediately after the Registry of the Contract for the Redemption of Land Tax, have and enjoy the full Benefit of the Land Tax which shall have been contracted for, in the same Manner in all Respects as if they respectively had themselves completed their Contracts, by the Transfer of the whole Consideration to be transferred thereon.

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 116.

669

CXIII. And be it farther enacted, That no Duty shall be payable in respect of any Part of the Monies which shall have arisen or shall arise by Sale of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which already have been or hereafter shall be sold by Auction, under the Powers and Provisions of any of the said recited Acts relating to the Redemption of Land Tax, or of this Act.

CXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Bodies Politick and Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons having any Mortgage, Charge, Lien or Incumbrance on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which shall be mortgaged, or out of which any Rent Charge shall have been or shall be granted by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act, shall have and be entitled to all such Remedies, Privileges and Advantages, both at Law and in Equity, as he, she or they would have had or been entitled to, in case the said Acts or this Act had not been passed, or no Mortgage or Grant had been made by virtue thereof respectively; and the Person or Persons who shall have lent, or who shall lend, any Money for the Purposes of the said recited Acts or of this Act, shall not have Priority of Security on the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, by force and virtue of the said Acts or of this Act respectively, over any such prior Mortgage, Charge, Lien or Incumbrance, in respect of the Principal Money lent for the Purposes of this Act, but in respect of the Interest thereof only: Provided also, that all Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons having any prior Mortgages, Charges, Liens or Incumbrances on such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall be entitled, according to their respective Priorities, to advance the Money required for the Redemption of such Land Tax, in Preference to all other Persons.

CXV. And be it further enacted, That no Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons entitled in Remainder, Reversion or Expectancy to, or having any future Interest in any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which shall be so conveyed or demised by way of Mortgage, or whereout any such Rent Charge or Rent Charges as aforesaid shall have been or shall be granted and made payable in pursuance of the said recited Acts or of this Act, shall be liable upon their, his or her coming into the Possession of or being beneficially entitled to any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to the Payment of Arrears of Interest on any Sum or Sums of Money secured by Mortgage as aforesaid, or of Arrears of any Rent Charge, for more than Twelve Calendar Months preceding the Time that the Title to such Possession shall have accrued.

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That the respective Persons to whom any Rent Charges shall have been or shall be granted by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act, shall have and be entitled to use and take the same Powers, Remedies, Benefits and Advantages for the Recovery thereof, as Landlords by the Law have or are entitled to use and take for the Recovery of Rents reserved on common Demises or Leases.

No Duty on Sales by Auction.

Prior Mortgagees shall not be affected by Mortgages under this Act, except as to Interest; and shall have Preference to redeem the Land Tax.

Reversioners not liable to Payment of more than One Year’s Arrearof Interest, &c.

Grantees of Rent Charges may recover same as Rents.

670

C. 116.

A.D. 1802.

When Money is not paid into the Bank, but invested in 3 per Cents. Commissioners for the National Debt to accept Transfer thereof and grant a Certificate, on Production of which at the Bank a Receipt given.

Where Land Tax on Lands (Exception) let on beneficial Leases, &c. shall be redeemed by Sale of Part, the unsold Parts shall be chargeable to such Corporations with an equivalent Rent Charge.

42° GEO. III.

CXVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Money arising from the Sale of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall not have been or shall not be paid into the Bank of England pursuant to the Directions of the said recited Acts or of this Act, but shall have been or shall be laid out and invested in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities transferred, or for the Purpose of being transferred to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, as the Consideration for the Redemption of any Land Tax chargeable on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments belonging to anjr Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons by whom such first mentioned Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall have been or shall be hereafter sold, then and in such Case the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, or any One or more of them, shall and they are hereby authorized and required to accept and receive the Transfer of such Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, and to grant to any Purchaser or Purchasers of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, his, her or their Agent or Agents, a Certificate under his or their Pland or Planets, of the Amount of Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, which shall have been or shall be so transferred to them as aforesaid; and upon the Production of such Certificate to any of the Cashiers of the Bank of Engla, he or they shall and is or are hereby required to give any such Purchaser or Purchasers such Receipt or Receipts as by the said Acts, or any of them, or this Act, is or are required to be given, as well for any Monies which shall have been or shall be so invested as aforesaid, as for any other Monies which may have been or may be paid by him, her or them into the Bank of England', in the Manner required by the said recited Acts, or any of them, or by this Act.

CXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the Land Tax charged upon any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments belonging to any Bodies Politick or Corporate (other than Bishops or other Ecclesiastical Corporations), or to any Companies, or other Person or Persons, and granted out upon any beneficial Lease or Leases, or by any Copy or Copies of Court Roll or other Grant, according to the Custom of any Manor, for Life or Lives, or Years absolute, or Years determinable upon any Life or Lives, shall be redeemed by the Monies arising from the Sale or Sales of the Fee Simple and Inheritance of any Part of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, then and in such Case the respective Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments remaining unsold, shall immediately after the Redemption of such Land Tax be and become charged and chargeable for the Benefit of such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons, with such yearly Sum or Sums respectively, by Way of Rent Charge, as shall be equal in Amount to the Land Tax charged thereon at the Times of such Redemption, which shall be applicable in their Hands to the same Uses and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the several yearly Rents and Profits of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall from Time to Time be applicable.

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 116.

671

CXIX. And be it farther enacted, That every Deed whereby any Sale, Mortgage or Grant of any Rent Charge shall be made by virtue of this Act, in relation to Estates in, shall be in-

rolled within Six Calendar Months after the Execution thereof in One of His Majesty's Courts of Record at, or in the

Courts of the Counties Palatine of, Lancashire or

or in the Courts of Great Sessions in as the Case shall require, or be registered in the Counties of Middlesex and York, in the Manner required by Law for Conveyances of Real Estates situated in those Counties respectively; and all Deeds and Conveyances in relation to Estates in Scotland, shall be executed and registered in the Manner required by the Law of, in

respect of Sales or Charges of Real Estates: Provided always, that where the Consideration expressed in any such Deed shall not exceed Two hundred Pounds, the Registry thereof, with the proper Officer appointed or to be appointed for the Registry of Contracts for the Redemption of Land Tax, shall be as valid and effectual as if the same were inrolled or registered in the Manner herein-before directed, and such Officer is hereby required to register the same gratis; and after the Payment of the Purchase or Mortgage Money into the Bank of England, or to the Receiver General, or his Deputy in England, or to the Collectors in Scotland, (in Cases where the same is by this Act authorized to be paid to any Receiver General or his Deputy, or Collector,) in the Manner herein-before directed, and after such Inrolment or Registry as aforesaid, every such Deed of Sale, Mortgage or Grant made by virtue of this Act, shall be good, valid and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided always, that any Deed or Deeds required by the said several Acts passed for the Redemption of the Land Tax, or any of them, to be inrolled or registered, shall be valid and effectual, although the same shall not have been inrolled or registered within the Periods prescribed by the said Acts, provided the same be inrolled within Six Calendar Months after the passing of this Act. \_See 45 3. 77. § 4.

54 G.3. c. 173. § 11.]

CXX. And be it further enacted, That the Proof of the due Execution of any Deed of Sale, Enfranchisement, Mortgage or Grant, under the Provisions of the said recited Acts or of this Act, by the respective Commissioners Parties thereto, shall be allowed and admitted in all Courts and Places, and before all Persons, to be good and sufficient Evidence that the several Notices and other Acts, Matters and Things required by the said recited Acts or this Act, to be given and done by any Vendor or Mortgagor, or any Grantor of any Rent Charge, previously to any such Sale, Mortgage or Grant, were duly given, done and performed by such Vendor, Mortgagor or Grantor, pursuant to the Directions of the said recited Acts or of this Act.

CXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Money'hath been or may hereafter be paid into the Bank of England, to be placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, as the Whole or Part of the Purchase Money for any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, sold or contracted to be sold by any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or

Trustees

How Deeds are to be inrolled in England;

in Scotland.

Where Consideration is only 2001.

On Payment of Money and Inrolment, Deeds to be valid.

Former Deeds may be inrolled within Six Months.

Proof of Execution of Deeds by Commissioners shall be Evidence that every Thing required was duly done.

Where Money has been improperly paid into the Bank, Commissioners under the Great Seal, or Commissioners for Taxes, may

672

C. 116.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

order the Money to be repaid; or Stock purchased therewith to be transferred.

Contracts under former Acts may be completed under this Act.

Where Persons having an Estate other than of Inheritance, redeem with his own Pro -perty, the Estate chargeable with Amount of Consideration, and Interest cquiva-

Trustees tpr charitable or other publick Purposes, or other Person or Persons, and it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners appointed under the Great Seal, in Cases where such Sales or Contracts for Sale shall have been made under their Authority, or to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes in all other Cases, that such Money ought not to have been so paid, then and in all such Cases it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners appointed under the Great Seal, by Writing under their Hands or the Hands of any Two of them, and for the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or any Three or more of them respectively, to order and direct the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and such Governor and Company are hereby required, to repay all such Monies to the Person or Persons by whom or on whose Account the same shall appear to have been paid into the Bank; and in all Cases where such Money shall have been already invested in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, in the Names of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, upon a Certificate signed by any Two or more of the said Commissioners appointed under the Great Seal, or by any Three or more of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, as the Case may be, that such Money ought not to have been so invested, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, or any One or more of them, and he or they is and are hereby required to transfer the Stock which has been so bought by or transferred to them, to the Person or Persons by whom or on whose Account such Money shall have been paid into the Bank, and with which Money such Stock had been so purchased, and the Receipt and Receipts of such Person and Persons shall be sufficient Discharges for such Monies or Stock.

CXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Contracts or Agreements which, before the passing of this Act, shall have been made or entered into by any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, or other Person or Persons for the Sale or Mortgage of, or for the Grant of any Rent Charge out of, any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and all Acts, Matters and Things, which shall have been done in relation thereto, according to the Provisions of the said recited Acts, or any of them, shall be valid and effectual to enable the Completion of such Sales, Mortgages or Grants according to the Provisions of this Act, in like Manner as if such Contracts or Agreements, Acts, Matters and Things respectively had been made, entered or done after the passing thereof.

CXXIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Person or Persons having any Estate or Interest (other-than an Estate of Inheritance), in any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall redeem the Land Tax charged thereon by or, out of his, her or their own absolute Property, such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments shall be and become chargeable for the Benefit of such Person or Persons, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns with the Amount of the Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities which shall have been transferred, or with the Amount of the Monies paid as the

Consideration

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 116.

673

Consideration for the Redemption of such Land Tax, as the Case may be, and with the Payment of a yearly Sum or Sums of Money by Way of Interest thereon, equal in Amount to the Land Tax redeemed: Provided always, that no Person or Persons in Remainder, Reversion or Expectancy, or having any future Interest in such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments as aforesaid, who shall afterwards, in Order of Succession, come into the actual Possession or be beneficially entitled to the Rent and Profits of any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall be liable to the Payment of any yearly Sum or Sums of Money by Way of Interest as aforesaid, save only from the Time they shall respectively come into Possession, or be beneficially entitled as aforesaid: Provided also, that where the Land Tax charged on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall be redeemed by any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or any Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, or other Person or Persons having any Estate or Interest in Remainder, Reversion or Expectancy therein, or being Substitute Heirs of Entail entitled in their Order to succeed thereto, such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, or other Person or Persons in Remainder, Reversion or Expectancy, or being Substitute Heirs of Entail as aforesaid, shall in the mean Time, until their respective Estates and Interests vest in Possession by reason of the Determination of the preceding Estate, be entitled to have a yearly Sum issuing out of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, equal in Amount to the Land Tax so redeemed.

CXXIV. And be it further enacted, That where any One or more of any Persons seised or entitled in undivided Shares of or to any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, as Coparceners, Heirs Portioners, Tenants in Common or joint Tenants, shall not only redeem his, her or their own Proportion or Proportions of the Land Tax charged thereon, but also the Proportion or Proportions of any others or other of such Coparceners, Fleirs Portioners, Tenants in Common or joint Tenants, whereby the Whole of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, will be exonerated from the said Land Tax, the Share or Shares of such of the Coparceners, Heirs Portioners, Tenants in Common or joint Tenants, whose Proportion or Proportions of Land Tax shall have been redeemed by the others or any other of them, of and in such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall be and become chargeable for the Benefit of the Person or Persons redeeming the same, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, with so much of the Stock transferred, or so much of the Money paid as the Consideration for the Redemption of the Land Tax, as would have been sufficient to redeem such Proportion or Proportions of the Land Tax of the others or other of such Coparceners, Heirs Portioners, Tenants in Common or joint Tenants, and also with the Payment of such a yearly Sum of Money by Way of Interest as shall be equal in Amount to such Proportion or Proportions respectively.

[See §§11. 39. 93.

lent to Land Tax redeemed; Reversioners liable to Interest only from coining into Possession: Reversioners redeeming entitled to Equivalent as herein mentioned.

Where a Coparcener redeems his own Proportion of the Land Tax, and the Proportions of others, their Lands shall be chargeable to him for their Proportions.

674?

C. 116.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Interest or Rent Charge shall he payable at the Periods when Land Tax was.

Where a Tenant bound to pay Land Tax, Amount, if redeemed by Person entitled to Rent, payable as Rent.

Persons redeeming Land Tax on Lands subject to any Fee Fanil Rent, &c. may continue to deduct the Proportion of Land Tax on such Fee Farm Rents, &c. under 38 G. 3. c. 5.

» Guardians, &c. may transfer Stock standing in the Names of Infants, &c. or jointly with themselves, for Redemption of Land Tax.

CXXV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons redeeming any Land Tax, shall by virtue of this Act be entitled to have and receive out of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, any yearly Sums of Money by Way of Interest, or by Way of Rent or of Rent Charge, equal in Amount to the Land Tax redeemed, such yearly Sum shall be payable on the same Days as such Land Tax was payable at the Time of the Redemption thereof (unless where any other Days are herein specified for that Purpose), and shall be recoverable by Action, Suit, Distress, or any other Means whereby Rents reserved on Leases are recovered by Law.

CXXVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Tenant or Lessee at a Rack Rent for any Term or Number of Years or at Will, of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall be bound by Agreement to pay the Land Tax charged thereon during the Continuance of any Demise, and such Land Tax shall have been or shall be redeemed by or on the Behalf of the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons beneficially entitled to the Rent reserved or made payable on such Lease or Demise, the Amount of the Land Tax so redeemed shall, during the Continuance of such Lease or Demise, be considered as Rent reserved or made payable thereon, and the same shall be payable on the same Days, and the same Powers shall be had, used and enjoyed for the Recovery thereof, as for the Recovery of such Rent when in Arrear.

CXXVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Bodies Politick and Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons, shall by virtue of the said recited Acts have redeemed, or shall by virtue of this Act redeem, any Land Tax charged upon any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which at the Time of such Redemption were or shall be charged with or subject to the Payment of any Fee Farm, Feu Duty or other annual Rent, for which such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons, would upon Payment of the Land Tax have been entitled, to abate and deduct a just Proportion of Rate under the said recited Act of the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, it shall be lawful for all such Bodies Politick and Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons, to continue to abate and deduct a just Proportion, from Time to Time, upon any Payment of such Fee Farm, Feu Duty or other annual Rent as if such Land Tax had not been redeemed.

CXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Guardians, Tutors and Curators of Infants, and for all Trustees for married Women, who have contracted or who shall contract on their Behalf for the Redemption of Land Tax charged on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments wherein such Infants or married Women shall be interested, to transfer to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt so much of Three Pounds Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum. Reduced Annuities which shall be standing in the Name or Names of such Infants or married Women; either solely or jointly with such Guardians, Tutors,

Curators

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 116.

675

Curators or Trustees, or any of them, as shall be sufficient for the Redemption of the Land Tax contracted for; and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby authorized and required to permit and suffer such Transfers to be made; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England shall give a Certificate or Receipt for the Stock to be so transferred, which shall be an Acquittance and Discharge to such Guardians, Tutors, Curators or Trustees transferring such Stock as aforesaid; and the said Governor and Company, and their respective Officers, are hereby indemnified against all Persons whatever for any Transfer made in pursuance of this Act.

CXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Contract entered into after the passing of this Act for the Redemption of anjr Land Tax, nor the Amount of Land Tax redeemed thereby, shall in anywise be impeached, affected or altered by the Judgment or Determination of the Commissioners on any Appeal from the Assessment by which such Land Tax shall have been charged, whether such Appeal shall have been made prior or subsequent to any Proceedings had under this Act for the Purpose of entering into such Contract; but such Appeal shall be decided wholly between such other Parties charged by such Assessments as shall not have entered into any such Contract, and in the same Manner as if the Contract so entered into had been completed before the making or determining such Appeals; and every Contract so entered into shall stand good, and the Land Tax redeemed thereby shall be considered as if no such Appeal had been made from such Assessment.

CXXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if such Land Tax so contracted for shall have been reduced in its Amount by any Assessment made within Three Years preceding the Time of completing such Contract, and any such Appeal shall be made against the Party who shall have entered into the Contract for the Redemption of such Land Tax, his or her Heirs or Assigns, and it shall be found to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners before whom such Appeal shall be heard, and shall be adjudged by them that the Reduction in the Amount of the Assessment Land Tax so redeemed, was fraudulently made, or was obtained by some undue Practice or false Representation of the Value of the Estate of such Party, in the Parish or Place where such Assessment was made, or of the Proportion of Value which his or her Estate bore to other Estates or Incomes liable to be assessed in the same Parish or Place, so as to prove to the Satisfaction of such Commissioners that such Reduction was wrongfully made, then and in such Case, but not otherwise, the Land Tax so contracted for shall remain liable to be revised and altered (in the same Manner as if the Contract for the same had not been completed), by any Determination on any Appeal which shall be made and determined within One Year next after the Completion of such Contract.

CXXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Surveyor General of the Land Revenues of the Crown, in respect of the Land Tax charged on the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents or other Revenues of the Crown, within the Survey and Receipt of the Exchequer for the Time being, with

Contracts for Redemption under Act, or Amount of Land Tax redeemed, not affected by Appeal from Assessment of Land Tax.

But if Land Tax contracted for fraudulently reduced within Three Years before Completion of Contract, it may be altered on Appeal within One Year after.

Surveyor General of Land Revenues will* Consent of Treasury; Receiver General

676

C. 116.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

of Duchy of Lancaster, with Consent of Chancellor; and Surveyor General of Duchy of Cornwall, may agree for Redemption of Land Tax within their respective Surveys.

His Majesty may appoint Persons to ascertain the Land Tax on Crown Lands within the Survey of the Exchequer, Report sent to Treasury.

Surveyor General of the Land Revenues may contract for Sale of Crown Lands to redeem the Land Tax.

Money paid into Bank, and the Consent of the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, and for the Receiver General for the Time being of the Revenues of the Duchy of, with the Consent of the Chancellor for the Time being of the said Duchy, in respect of the Land Tax charged on the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Rents, Tenements, Hereditaments or other Revenues of the Crown within the Survey and Receipt of the said Chancellor and Council and Officers of the said Duchy, and for the Surveyor General of the Duchy of in respect of the

Land Tax charged on the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements Rents and other Revenues of the Duchy of Cornwall, to contract and agree with the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act by virtue of His Majesty's Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged upon any of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents or other Revenues respectively, and to proceed to the Completion of such Contract in such and the like Manner in all Respects as is herein-before directed in Cases of Redemption of any Land Tax; with and subject to such Benefit of Reference as is herein-before given to any Bodies Politick or Corporate by this Act, except where it shall be otherwise expressly provided by this Act.

CXXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by Warrant under His Royal Sign Manual, to nominate and appoint such and so many Persons as His Majesty may think proper for the Purpose of ascertaining the Proportions of the Land Tax charged upon all and every of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents or other Revenues belonging to the Crown, within the Survey and Receipt of the Exchequer in England, and such Commissioners are hereby required, as soon as they conveniently can, to certify and report in Writing under their Hands and Seals, unto the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being the Proportions of such Land Tax, and the several Parishes and Places within which, and the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents or other Revenues upon which the same is charged and payable, and to transmit a Copy of such Certificate to the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Land Revenue.

[See 48 3. c. 73. § 11.]

CXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Surveyor General of the Land Revenues of the Crown, now or for the Time being, to contract or agree with any Person or Persons or any Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Sale, from Time to Time, of such or so much of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tythes, Mines, Minerals, Collieries, Woods, Wood Grounds, Fens, Marshes, Waste Lands or other Hereditaments belonging to the Crown, and within the Survey and Receipt of the Exchequer in England, for the best Prices or Considerations in Money which the said Surveyor General shall, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, be able to procure for the same, as will raise a Sum of Money sufficient for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged upon the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, Rents, Hereditaments or any other Revenues of or belonging to the Crown; and the Purchase Monies to be paid for the same shall from Time to Time be paid into

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 116.

677

rant for such Contracts.

Chancellor and Council of Duchy of Lancaster may appoint

into the Bank of England, to the Account of the Commissioners laid out m of His Majesty's Treasury; under which Title the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby required to open an G 3 c Account accordingly; and shall be laid out by Order of the Sur- on a distinct veyor General in the Purchase of Three Pounds Centum Con- Account, solidated Bank Annuities, in the Names of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, in like Manner as is directed by an Act passed in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Management of the Land Revenue of the Croxvn, and for the Sale of the Fee Farm and other unimproveable Rents; but nevertheless in such Manner that the Accounts thereof may be kept separate and distinct from the Accounts of the Sales made and Stock purchased in pursuance of that Act.

[See 56 G.3. c. 115. § 1,]

CXXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Sp^nd War-such Contract shall be made unless by Special Warrant, to be issued for that Purpose by the Lord Pligh Treasurer or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being.

CXXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster, for the Time being, under the Seal of the said Duchy, to nominate and appoint such and so many Persons as the said Chancellor and persons to^as-Duchy may think proper for the Purpose of ascertaining the Pro- certain Land portions of the Land Tax charged upon all and every the Manors, Tax on Crown Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents and other Revenues belong- ^g"rdgl^,^in ing to the Crown, within the Survey and Receipt of the said Duchy reposed and its Officers; and such last mentioned Commissioners are hereby to them, required, as soon as they conveniently can, to certify and report in Writing under their Hands and Seals, unto the Chancellor and Council, the Proportion of such Land Tax, and the several Parishes and Places within which, and the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents or other Revenues upon which the same is charged and payable, and to transmit a Copy of such Certificate to such Officer of the said Duchy as the said Chancellor and Council shall appoint.

CXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever the said Surveyor Ge-Surveyor General shall have contracted with any Person or Per- nera\to give sons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Sale of any Manors, contraTt^to Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, Rents or other Heredita- purchasers of ments belonging to the Crown, the said Surveyor General shall Crown Lands, grant to the respective Purchaser or Purchasers a Certificate under on Production his Hand, specifying the Premises so contracted for, and the of which, the Amount of the Purchase Money to be paid for the same; and the the*Coni Cashiers of the Bank or one of them, shall, upon the Production sideration and of such Certificate, accept and receive the Purchase Monies give a Receipt, therein specified, and at the Foot or on the Back of such Certifi- which, with cate acknowledge the Receipt of the same without Fee or Reward; Certificate, and the said Certificate and Receipt shall be afterwards inrolled in witehe^r° ' the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue or in the Office of ditor of Land the Clerk of the Pipe, if the Premises shall be in Charge before Revenue, or him; and such Auditor or Clerk of the Pipe, or their respective Clerk of the Deputy or Deputies, having inrolled the said Certificate and Re- whlc^ ceipt, shall attest the same under his or their Hand or Hands, and *he return the said Certificate and Receipt to the Purchaser or Pur-42 Geo. III. Y y chasers;

'678

C. 116.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Expences of Surveys may be paid out of Purchase Money.

Contracts and Receipts, on Sale of such Lands, shall be in the Forms, in Schedules (G), (H), (I), (K).

Chancellor, of Duchy of Lancaster may sell Lands to redeem the Laud Tax.

Purchase Money to be paid to Receiver General of the Duchy, and in-

chasers; and from and immediately after such Inrolment, and thenceforth for ever, the respective Purchasers, their Heirs, Successors or Assigns, shall by force of this Act be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be in the actual Seisin and Possession of the Premises so by them respectively purchased, and shall hold and enjoy the same peaceably and quietly, freed and discharged of and from all Claims and Demands which can or may be made by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or by any Person or Persons lawfully claiming by, from or under him or them, and of and from all Manner of Incumbrances whatsoever, as fully and amply, to all Intents and Purposes, as His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors might or could have held or enjoyed the same.

CXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to order any Expences that may be necessarily incurred for making Surveys of any of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments hereby authorized to be sold, or otherwise in relation to the Sale thereof, to be defrayed out of the Purchase Monies arising from such Sales.

CXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Contract made under the Authority of this Act, for the Sale of any Part of the Land Revenues of the Crown within the Survey and Receipt of the Exchequer, shall be in the Form specified in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (H); and every Certificate for the Sale of any Part of the Revenues of the Crown within the Survey or Receipt of the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of shall be in the Form specified in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (G); and every Certificate of Contract for the Sale of any Part of the Revenues of the Duchy of, shall be in the

Form in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (I); and the Receipt or Acknowledgment for the Consideration of every such Sale, shall be in the Form in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (K).

CXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster for the Time being, to sell and dispose of to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, from Time to Time, and thereupon to grant and assure in the Name of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, under the Seal of the said Duchy, such and so much of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, Mines, Minerals, Collieries, Woods, Grounds, Fens, Marshes, Waste Lands or other Hereditaments belonging to the Crown, and within the Survey and Receipt of the said Duchy, and the Officers of the same, at or for the best Prices or Considerations in Money which the said Chancellor and Council shall be able to procure for the same, as will raise a Sum of Money sufficient for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged upon the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Hereditaments or any other Revenues of or belonging to the Crown within the Survey and Receipt of the said Duchy and the Officers of the same; and the Purchase Money to be paid for the same shall from Time to Time be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General of the Revenues of the said Duchy, and Acquittances and Receipts given bydiim for the same; and the same shall be laid out and invested in like Manner in all Respects

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 116.

679

spects as is directed by an Act passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster to sell and dispose of certain Fee Farm Rents, and to enfranchise of and Customary Tenements within their and to encourage

the Growth, of Timber on Lands held of the said or any other Act or Acts now in force, for the Sale of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents or Hereditaments, within the Survey and Receipt of the said Duchy or its Officers.

CXL. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, in respect of the Crown Lands within the Survey and Receipt of the Exchequer, and for the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster, by Order of His Majesty in Council, in respect of the Crown Lands in the Survey and Receipt of the said Duchy for the Time being, from Time to Time, to cause to be transferred to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, so much of the Capital Stock vested in their respective Names, arising from any Sales made by them respectively, in pursuance of the said respective Acts of the Nineteenth and Thirty fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and of this Act or any other Act or Acts now in force for the Sale of any of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Hereditaments, and other Revenues of the Crown, within the Survey and Receipt of the Exchequer or the Duchy of Lancaster, as may be necessary for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged upon any of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Hereditaments and other Revenues of the Crown respectively; and that in the mean Time and until the same shall be so transferred, the Interest or yearly Dividends thereof, and also the Interest or yearly Dividends of any Part of such Capital Stock which shall not be applied or disposed of for the Redemption of such Land Tax, shall be from Time to Time received, accounted for, applied and appropriated in like Manner in all Respects as is directed by the said. Acts of the Nineteenth and Thirty fourth Years of His Majesty's Reign, in respect of the Dividends of Stock purchased in pursuance of the said Acts or either of them respectively. \_See §§ 133. 139. ante.'}

CXLI. And be it further enacted, That upon the Redemption by the Transfer of Stock in the Manner herein-before mentioned, of any Land Tax charged upon any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Hereditaments or any other Revenues belonging to the Crown, and upon the Registry thereof in the Manner herein directed, the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Hereditaments or any other Revenues belonging to the Crown upon which such Land Tax shall have been charged, shall thenceforth be wholly freed and exonerated from the Land Tax charged thereon, and from all further Assessments thereof; and the Amount of such Land Tax shall thenceforth during the Continuance of any Lease or Demise now in being, be considered as Rent due to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and be recovered and recoverable as such by His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, against any Lessee or Lessees, and by such Lessee or Lessees against his, her or their Under Lessees or Tenants respectively, and shall be collected and received by such Person or Persons, and subject to

vested as under 19 G. 3. c. 45

Treasury, and Chancellor, &c. of Duchy of Lancaster, may, from Produce of Sales, transfer to Commissioners for National Debt, Stock necessary to redeem Land Tax on Crown Lands, Interest and Surplus applied as under 19 G. 3. c. 45. 34 G. 3. c. 75.

Crown Lands shall thereupon be exonerated from the Land Tax, and the Amount considered as Rent from the Lessees and Under Lessee.

C80

C. 116.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Prince of Wales may appoint Persons to ascertain Land Tax on Lands of the Duchy of Cornwall, to be reported to his Council, and a Copy sent to Surveyor General of the Duchy.

Slicit Surveyor General may contract for Sale of Lands lo redeem the Laud Tax.

Purchase Money paid into the Bank.

Special Warrant for such Contracts.

Bank to open Account with Duchy.

Surveyor General shall give Purchaser of such Orders and Regulations as the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury in respect of the Crown Lands within the Survey and Receipt of the Exchequer, and the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster in respect of the Crown Lands in the Survey and Receipt of the said Duchy, shall from Time to Time appoint and establish for the better collecting and answering the same to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors.

CXLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Royal Highness George Prince of Wales and Duke of Cornwall, by Warrant under His said Royal Highness’s Sign Manual, to nominate and appoint such and so many Persons as His said Royal Highness may think proper, for the Purpose ot ascertaining the Proportions of the Land Tax charged upon any of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments or other Revenues belonging to and Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall; and such Commissioners are hereby required as soon as they conveniently can, to certify and report in Writing under their Hands and Seals, unto the Council or Commissioners of the Revenue of His said Royal Highness, the Proportions of such Land Tax, and the District within which, and the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments or other Revenues, upon which the same is charged and payable, and to transmit a Copy of such Certificate to the Surveyor General of the Duchy of Cornwall.

CXLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Surveyor General of the Duchy of Cornwall, now or for the Time being, to contract or agree with any Person or Persons, or any Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Sale from Time to Time of such or so much of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tithes, Mines, Minerals, Collieries, Woods, Wood Grounds, Fens, Marshes, Waste Lands or other Hereditaments belonging to and Parcel of the said Duchy of Cornwall, for the best Prices or Considerations in Money which the said Surveyor General shall be able to procure for the same, as will raise a Sum of Money sufficient for the Redemption of the said Land Tax charged upon the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or any other Revenues belonging to and Parcel of the said Duchy of Cornwall and the Purchase Money to be paid for the same shall from Time to Time be paid by the respective Purchasers into the Bank of England, to be there received by the Cashiers of the Bank, and accounted for and invested in the Manner herein after directed.

CXLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Contract shall be made unless by Special Warrant, to be issued for that Purpose by the Council or Commissioners of the Revenues of His said Royal Highness, or any Three or more of them for the Time being.

CXLV. And be it further enacted, That the Governors and Directors of the Bank of England shall, and they are hereby required to open an Account in their Books under the Title of The Account of the Duchy of Cornwall, and carry to the Credit of such Account the several Monies directed as aforesaid to be paid to the Cashiers of the Bank for or on account of the Purchase of any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Hereditaments or other Revenues of the said Duchy of Cornwall; and whensoever the Surveyor General of the said Duchy of Cornwall

shall

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 116.

shall have contracted with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Sale of any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Hereditaments or other Revenues of the said Duchy of Cornwall, the said Surveyor General shall grant unto the Purchaser or Purchasers a Certificate under his Hand specifying the Premises so contracted for, and the Amount of the Purchase Money to be paid for the same: and the said Cashiers of the Bank, or One of them, shall, upon the Production of such Certificate, accept and receive from such Purchaser or Purchasers the Purchase Monies therein specified, and at the Foot or on the Back of such Certificate acknowledge the Receipt of the said Monies without Fee or Reward; and the said Certificate and Receipt shall be afterwards brought to the Office of the Auditor of the Duchy of Cornwall, and be there forthwith enrolled in proper Books to be provided and kept for that Purpose, separate and apart from the other Business and Proceedings of the said Office: and the said Auditor or his lawful Deputy, having enrolled the said Certificate and Receipt, shall attest the same under his Hand, and return the said Certificate and Receipt to the Purchaser or Purchasers, and from and immediately after such Inrollment, and thenceforth for ever, the respective Purchasers of any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tythes, Mines, Minerals, Collieries, Woods, Wood Grounds, Fens, Marshes, Waste Lands or other Hereditaments belonging to and Parcel of the said Duchy of Cornwall, and the Heirs, Successors or Assigns of such Purchasers shall by force of this Act be adjudged, deemed and taken to be in the actual Seisin and Possession of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Hereditaments or other Revenues so by them respectively purchased, and shall hold and enjoy the same peaceably and quietly, and in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as His said Royal Highness, His Heirs or Successors, Dukes of Cornwall, might or could have held or enjoyed the same.

CXLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons with whom the Surveyor General of the Land Revenue of the Crown or of the Duchy of, shall contract

for the Sale of any of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Hereditaments or other Revenues by this Act authorized to be sold as aforesaid, shall neglect to procure and sue forth the Certificate of the respective Surveyor General of his, her or their Contract, or shall neglect to pay into the Bank of E?igland the Consideration Money therein to be specified, or shall neglect to inrol such Certificate, and the Cashier’s Receipt for the said Money according to the Directions of this Act, for the space of Forty Days, to be computed from the Day on which such Contract shall have been made, the said Contract shall be null and void, and the Consideration Money, if paid into the Bank, shall be forfeited, unless the respective Surveyor General shall for any reasonable Cause to him shewn for the Omission of such Inrolment, order the said Certificate to be enrolled nunc pro tunc, and which upon such Cause being shewn, he is hereby authorized to order accordingly.

CXLVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall be paid into the Bank of under or by virtue of this Act, on account of the Duchy of

681

Lands a Certificate of Contracts, on whiclf Bank shall give Receipts, which, with the Certificates, shall be enrolled "with the Auditor of* tire Duchy, &c.

Contracts with the Crown and Duchy of Cornwall, if not certified and enrolled, and Money paid'within Forty Days, void, unless the respective Surveyors General order the Certificate to be enrolled.

Money paid into the Bank on account of the Duchy,

682

C. 116.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

shall be invested in the 3 per Cents, in the Name of the Duke of Cornwall, and the Dividends be paid to Receiver of the Duchy.

The Prince’s Council may transfer Stock to Commissioners for National Debt for Redemption of Land Tax.

Lands of Duchy thereupon exonerated from Land Tax, which shall be considered as Rent payable by the Lessees, &c.

shall from Time to Time be laid out by order of the Council or Commissioners of the Revenues of His said Royal Highness for the Time being, in the Purchase of Three Pounds Centum Bank Annuities, in the Name of the Duke of Cornwall; in which Name the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby authorized and required to permit Transfers to be made of the Annuities, Funds or Stocks so to be purchased; and such Transfers to be accepted by the Receiver General of the Duchy of Cornwall or his Deputy, for and in the Name of the Duke of -wall, and the said Receiver General or his Deputy is hereby required to accept the same accordingly; and that all and singular the Annuities so to be purchased and accepted shall remain invested in the Name of the Duke of Cornwall, and shall not be transferred or transferrable to any Person or Persons whomsoever, except in the Manner herein after described (a); and that all the Dividends shall from Time to Time be paid by the said Governor and Company into the Hands of the said Receiver General of the Duchy of Cornwall for the Time being, or his Deputy, and shall by force and virtue of this Act be deemed and taken by Law to be Part of the Revenues of the said Duchy of, and shall be from Time to Time answered, accounted for, applied and appropriated to such and the same Uses and Purposes as the Revenues of the Duchy of Cornwall now are or would hereafter have been liable to and been applied and appropriated, in case the said first recited Act or this Act had not been made, (a) [ § 148 ]

CXLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Council or Commissioners of the Revenues of His said Royal Highness for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, by Warrant or Power of Attorney under their Hands and Seal of Office, from Time to Time, to transfer to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, so much of the Capital Stock vested in the Name of the Duke of

arising from any Sales made in pursuance of this Act as may be necessary for th,e Redemption of the Land Tax charged upon any of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or other Revenues belonging to and Parcel of the said Duchy of Cornwall.

CXLIX. And be it further enacted, That upon the Redemption by the Transfer of Stock in the Manner herein-before mentioned, of any Land Tax charged upon any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments or other Revenues belonging to and Parcel of the said Duchy of Cor, and upon the Registry thereof in the Manner herein directed, the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments or other Revenues belonging to and Parcel of the said Duchy of, upon which such

Land Tax shall have been charged, shall thenceforth, during the Continuance of any Demise, be wholly freed and exonerated from the Land Tax charged thereon, and from all further Assessments thereof; and the Amount of such Land Tax shall thenceforth, during the Continuance of any Demise, be considered as Rent, and be recovered and recoverable as such by His said Royal Highness the Prince of Wales and Duke of, His Heirs and

Successors, against any Lessee or Lessees, or Tenant or Tenants, and by such Lessee or Lessees, or Tenant or Tenants, against his, her or their Under Lessees or Under Tenants respectively.

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. I

688;

1 CL. And whereas it may happenvthat Lessees and Tenants

holding Lands or Tenements within the Survey and Receipt of the Exchequer, under any Demise from the Crown, may have redeemed Land Tax charged thereon, and may have transferred the Consideration for the Redemption of such Land Tax, in like Manner as if they had been empowered by the said.

recited Acts for the Redemption of the Land Tax, to contract i for the sameNow be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, in all such Cases, to cause to be transferred to any such Lessees or Tenants as aforesaid, having so- contracted for the Redemption of such Land Tax, and transferred the Consideration for the same, or their respective Executors, Administrators or Assigns, so much of the Capital Stock which may be vested in the Names of the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury arising from any Sales made by them as herein-before is mentioned, as shall be equivalent in Amount to the Stock which shall have been so transferred by or on the Behalf of such Lessee or Tenants, for the Redemption of such Land Tax which ought not to have been contracted for as aforesaid; and from and immediately after the Transfer of such Stock, the Contracts which shall have been so entered into by any such Lessees or Tenants shall be valid and effectual to entitle His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to the Benefit of such Land Tax, from the Quarter Day next preceding the Day of the Transfer of such Stock as aforesaid, in the same Manner in all Respects as if such Contract had been entered into by the Surveyor General of the Land Revenues of the Crown, according to the Provisions of the said first recited Act; and the Person or Persons to whom such Stock shall be transferred, shall, by Writing under his, her or their Hand or Hands, either indorsed upon the original Contract or in such other Manner as the said Surveyor General shall require, acknowledge the Transfer of such Stock and such Acknowledgement shall be registered with the proper Officer appointed for the Registry of Contracts for the Redemption of Land Tax, but the same shall not be liable to any Stamp Duty; and in such respective Lessees or Tenants, or their respective E xecutors, Administrators or Assigns, to whom such Stock shall be transferred, shall be entitled to have or receive the Amount of such Land Tax, from the Quarter Day next preceding the Transfer of the Consideration by such Lessees or Tenants respectively, up to the Quarter Day next preceding the Transfer of the Amount of such Consideration made to such Lessees or Tenants, or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns by virtue of this Act.

CLI. And be it further enacted, That where the Whole of the Land Tax charged on any County, Riding, Stewartry, City, Borough, Cinque Port, Town or Place in respect of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments therein, shall not before or on the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, have been redeemed by the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons having the Benefit of Preference by virtue of the said recited Acts, relating to the Redemption of Land Tax or of this Act, but any Part thereof shall then remain chargeable for the Benefit of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners

Where Lessees of Crown Lands within the Survey of the Exchequer may have improperly proceeded to redeem Land Tax, Treasury may retransfer to them

Amount of any Consideration j whereupon his Majesty shall be entitled to Land Tax, and the Parties shall acknowledge the Transfer, which shall be registered as a Contract,

Stamp Duty free.

For what Time such Lessees may receive the Land Tax.

Where the Whole of the Land Tax shall not before June 24. 1803, be redeemed, by Paities entitled to Preference, Commissioners may contract with other Persons for Sale of Part remaining.

684

C. 116.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Rules for Redemption applied to such Sales

If Parties prior to June 24. 1805, give Notice that they do not intend to redeem, Commissioners may contract with others.

Consideration for Purchase of Land Tax, not to be less in Stock or Money, than for Redemption by Parties entitled to Preference, transferable or payable at once, or within One Year, by not more than Four Instalments.

acting in the Execution of this Act, by virtue of His Majesty's Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, for such County, Riding, Stewartry, City, Borough, Cinque Port, Town or Place to contract and agree with any other Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Person or Persons, for the Sale of the Land Tax so remaining unredeemed, and then chargeable as aforesaid, or any Parts or Parcels thereof, upon the Terms and Conditions, and in the Manner herein after directed; and all such Rules, Methods, Regulations and Directions, as are herein prescribed with respect to the Redemption of Land Tax by any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons having such Benefit of Preference as aforesaid, shall be observed, practised and put in Execution, with respect to Sales of Land Tax by virtue of this Act, in so far as such Rules, Methods, Regulations and Directions are respectively applicable thereto.

CLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at any Time before the said Twenty fourth Day of One thousand eight hundred and three, the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons entitled to the Benefit of Preference in the Redemption of any Land Tax, shall give Notice to the said last mentioned Commissioners, that they do not intend to redeem such Land Tax, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners to contract and agree with any other Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Person or Persons, for the Sale of such Land Tax, in the same Manner as they respectively might do after the said Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, by virtue of this Act.

CLIII. And be it further enacted, That the Consideration to be given for the Purchase of any such Land Tax, shall be so much Capital Stock at the least, in either of the Three Pounds Centum Bank Annuities, transferable at the Bank of England as aforesaid, as is herein-before directed to be transferred, as the Consideration for the Redemption of any Land Tax by Persons having Benefit of Preference, or where the Land Tax sold shall not exceed the annual Sum of Twenty five Pounds, then either so much at the least of the said Bank Annuities as aforesaid, or so much in lawful Money of Great, as herein-before is di-

rected to be paid as the Consideration for the Redemption of any Land Tax, (in Cases where the Consideration for such Redemption shall be in Money,) according to the Tables, Rules and Directions contained in the said Schedule, marked (L.), and the Price of Stock, to be ascertained and transmitted to the Receiver General or Collector in the Manner herein-before directed in Cases of the Redemption of Land Tax; and the whole Amount of such Consideration shall be transferred or paid either at One Time, (in which Case the same shall be transferred or paid within the Space of Three Months from the Date of the Contract,) or by any Number of Instalments, within the Period of One Year from the Date of such Contract, so as that such Instalments shall not exceed Four in Number, and shall be made at equal Intervals of not more than Three Months from each other, on such Days as the Party shall elect, and cause to be stipulated in the Contract, with Power for the Contractors respectively to transfer or pay the Whole or any. Part of such Consideration in Advance, in the Manner and under

9 the

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 116.

685

the Restrictions herein prescribed in cases of Transfers and Payments made in Advance for the Redemption of Land Tax.

[ See§§ 22, 23. ante.~\

CLIV. And be it farther enacted, That all and every Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons desirous of purchasing the Land Tax charged upon any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall make out and produce to any Two of the Commissioners of Land Tax acting in and for the Hundred, Ward, Lathe, Wapentake, Rape or other Division of the County, Riding, City, Borough, Cinque Port, Town or Place, if in England, or if in Scotland to the Commissioners of Supply of the County or Stewartry, or the Chief Magistrate of the City or Burgh within which the same shall be situate, a Schedule or Statement in Writing of the Land Tax proposed to be purchased, and of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, whereon the same is charged, and the said Commissioners of Land Tax or Supply, or Chief Magistrate respectively, shall thereupon ascertain the Amount of the Land Tax proposed to be purchased, and the respective Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, whereon the same is charged, and shall grant a Certificate (a) thereof in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (A.), to the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons applying for the same, which Certificate shall contain the Description of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, distinguishing the Parishes or Places wherein the same may be situate, and also the Name or Names of the Proprietor or Proprietors, and the Occupier or Occupiers thereof; and where such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments shall be separately assessed, shall distinguish the Amount of each separate Assessment of Land Tax; and such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons, shall produce such Certificate to the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act, by virtue of His Majesty's Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual; and where the Land Tax proposed to be purchased shall not exceed Twenty five Pounds, shall also give Notice in Writing to such Commissioners whether the Consideration is proposed to be in Stock or Money, and if in Money, then whether the same is proposed to be paid in One Sum or b)' Instalments, and also the Da)^ or Days on which the same is proposed to be paid; and the said last mentioned Commissioners are hereby authorized and required to examine and amend such Certificate, if necessary, and thereupon to cause Notice in Writing to be fixed on the Church Door of the Parish or Place where the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, the Land Tax whereon shall be so proposed to be purchased, shall be situate, of the Offer made to purchase such Land Tax, at least Fourteen Days before any Contract shall be entered into by them for the Sale thereof; and in case no other Offer or Offers shall be made within the said Period of Fourteen Days, by any other Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons, to purchase such Land Tax for a higher Price exceeding the Price offered to be given by such first mentioned Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies,

(«) [ForFee, see § 163. -post, at fool of Section.']

or Persons desirous of purchasing to produce to Commissioners of Land Tax a Statement of Amount, &c. of Land Tax.

Such Commissioners, &c. to ascertain and certify Amount according to Schedule (A.)

On producing Certificate, &c. to Commissioners for executing this Act (who may amend the same), they shall cause Notice of the Offer to be fixed on the Church Door for Fourteen Days.

If within that Time no Offer higher by ll. per Cent, made, they may contract for Sale; but if such

686

C. 116.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

higher Offer be made, the Commissioners shall contract with the Parly making it.

Upon Production of the Contract at the Bank, and transferring the Stock, or to the Receiver General, &c. and Payment of the Consideration, the Party shall be entitled to Certificates; and on Registry of the Contract and Certificate, the Lands shall be exonerated from the Land Tax, and the Purchaser entitled to a Fee Farm Rent out of the Lands equal to the Land Tax redeemed.

or other Person or Persons by One Pound Centum at the least upon the Amount of the Stock or Money so offered to be transferred or paid as the Price for the same, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said last mentioned Commissioners to contract and agree with the Bodies Politick and Corporate, or Companies, and other Person or Persons first offering to purchase such Land Tax, for the Sale thereof, according to the Directions of this Act; but if any other Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons, shall within such Period as aforesaid offer to purchase such Land Tax at a higher Price exceeding the Offer so first made by One Pound pc?* upon

the Amount of such Stock or Money at the least, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for such Commissioners, and they are hereby required to contract and agree for the Sale of such Land Tax to the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or other Person or Persons who shall within such* Period offer the highest Price for the Purchase thereof, and the said Commissioners shall cause to be inserted in every such Contract the Description of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and other Particulars relative thereto, herein-before directed to be inserted in such Certificates; and upon the Production of such Contract at the Bank of England, in Cases where the Consideration shall be in Stock, and upon the Transfer to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, of the Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, to be transferred as the Consideration for the Purchase of such Land Tax, or of such Proportion of such Bank Annuities as shall have been agreed to be transferred as the first Instalment thereof, being not less than One Fourth Part of the whole Amount of such Bank Annuities: and in Cases where the Consideration shall be in Money, then upon the Production of such Contract to the Receiver General for the County, Riding or Place in England, or his Deputy, or the Collector for the Shire,

Stewartry or Place in Scotland, where the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, of which the Land Tax shall be so purchased shall be situate, and upon Payment to such Receiver General or his Deputy, or such Collector of the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid as the Consideration for such Purchase, every such Body Politick or Corporate, or Company, or other Person or Persons, shall be entitled to the like Certificates or Receipts from the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and from every Receiver General or his Deputy and Collector, as herein-before is directed in Cases of the Transfer or Payment of the Consideration for the Redemption of any Land Tax; and upon the Registry of such Contract(a), and also of the Certificate of such Commissioners of Supply, or Chief Magistrate as aforesaid, in the Manner directed by this Act, the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, the Land Tax whereof shall be so purchased, shall be wholly freed and exonerated from such Land Tax and all further Assessments thereof, and all Claims of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in respect of the same, from the like Periods as are herein directed in Cases of Redemption of Land Tax; but the respective Purchasers of such Land Tax, and their Heirs, Successors and

(a) [ See^38. 164.]

Assigns,

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 116.

687

Assigns, shall, from such Period of Exoneration, be entitled to demand, have and receive for their, his or her own Use for ever, and shall by virtue of this Act be adjudged, deemed and taken to be in the actual Seisin and Possession of a yearly Rent or Sum as a Fee Farm Rent, equal in Amount to the Land Tax so purchased by him, her or them, free of all Charges and Deductions whatever, to be issuing and payable out of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, whereon the Land Tax so purchased was charged, on the same Days as such Land Tax was payable at the Time of the Purchase thereof; and such respective Purchasers, their Heirs, Successors and Assigns, shall have Priority of Security on such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in respect of such annual Sum or Rent over every other Incumbrance thereon, and shall have and enjoy all such Powers, Remedies, Benefits and Advantages, for the Recovery thereof, whether by Action, Suit, Distress, or otherwise, as Landlords by Law have or can enjoy for the Recovery of Rents reserved on Leases: Provided always, that the Sale of any such Land Tax, and the Exoneration of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments therefrom, shall not in any Manner prejudice or affect the Right or Title of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, to any Arrears of such Land Tax remaining unpaid up to the Period of such Exoneration, or prevent His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, from using all such Ways and Means for recovering such Arrears, as His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, could or might have used in case such Land Tax had not been sold.

[Registry of Purchase of Land Tax not necessary to entitle to Vote at Election for Parliament, 51 G.3. c. 99.]

CLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Proprietor or Proprietors, or Person or Persons beneficially interested in any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall stand settled or limited to or for the same Uses, Trusts, Intents or Purposes, and in the same Order and Course of Limitation, and be subject to the same Charges, Liens and Incumbrances, the Land Tax whereof shall have been purchased, or shall be proposed to be purchased, shall be desirous that such Land Tax shall, after the Purchase thereof as a Fee Farm Rent, be paid and borne out of any particular Part or Parts only of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and shall give Notice in Writing of such his, her or their Desire, to the said Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act as last aforesaid, then and in such Case it shall be latvful for the said Commissioners to order and direct that the Whole of such Fee Farm Rent, whether consisting of One or of several Assessments of Land Tax, shall in future be paid and borne out of any Part or Parts only, and out of what Part or Parts of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, of which the Land Tax shall be so proposed to be purchased as aforesaid; and in every such Case the Part or Parts of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, out of which such Fee Farm Rent shall be directed to be paid or borne, shall from thenceforth be exclusively subject thereto, and to the several Powers and Remedies for the Recovery thereof herein-before mentioned; and the

Sale of Land Tax shall not affect the Right to Arrears.

On the Desire of the Person beneficially interested in the Lands, Commissioners may order the whole Fee Farm Rent to be paid out of any Part of the Lands, equal in annual' Value to Three Times the Rent;

688

C. 116.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

such Part shall he separately described in the Contract.

Form of Certificate of Contracts.

Owners of such Fee Farm Rents may bar the Entail by Deed enrolled, &c.

Where Land Tax shall be purchased by a Tenant not bound to pay it, be may retain the Amount out. of the Kent.

Trust Property may be laid out by Corporations, &c. in purchase of Land Tax (as well as Redemption, under § 41, 42. ante), and the Amount as a

the Rest of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall from thenceforth for ever be wholly and absolutely freed and discharged, as well from the Fee Farm Rent acquired by such Purchase as from the Land Tax before charged thereon: Provided always, that the annual Value, to be let, of the Part or Parts of any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall he so made exclusively subject to the Payment of any such Fee Farm Rent as aforesaid, shall not be less in Amount than Three Times the Amount of such Fee Farm Rent at the least: Provided also, that the Part or Parts of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be so made exclusively subject to such Fee Farm Rent, and the Part or Parts discharged therefrom, shall be separately described and distinguished in the Contract, or where the Contract shall have been previously entered into, then in an Indorsement thereon, or in a Schedule annexed thereto, under the Hands and Seals of any Two or more of such Commissioners.

CLVI. And be it further enacted, That the Certificate of the Contract for the Purchase of any such Land Tax, shall be in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (D.)

CLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all and every Person and Persons who shall become entitled to any Fee Farm Rent, by the Purchase of any Land Tax sold in pursuance of the Provisions of this Act, to bar and destroy any Entail thereof, which might have been barred by Recovery or Fine, by Deed acknowledged by such Person or Persons, and enrolled in One of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Courts of the Counties Palatine of

Lancaster or Durham, or in the Courts of Great Session in Wales, or registered in the Office for registering Deeds in the Counties of Middlesex or York, as the Case shall require.

CLVIII. And be it further enacted, That where the Land Tax charged on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which are or shall be leased or demised at a Rack Rent for any Term or Number of Years, or from Year to Year, or at Will, shall be purchased by any Tenant or Lessee thereof, who shall not be bound by any Covenant or Agreement to pay the Land Tax during the Continuance of the Demise, it shall be lawful for such Tenant or Lessee to retain out of the Rent reserved or made paj'able on such Lease or Demise, during the Continuance thereof, the Amount of the Land Tax so purchased; and the Payment or Tender of the Residue of such Rent shall be as valid and effectual to discharge such Tenant or Lessee, as the Payment or Tender of the whole Rent reserved on such Lease would have been in case such Land Tax had not been purchased.

CLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, and Feoffees and Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes (notwithstanding any Statutes of Mortmain, or other Statutes or Laws to the contrary), and also for all and every other Persons or Person who, by this Act, are or is authorized to lay out or invest any Personal Trust Property or other Funds, in the Redemption of Land Tax charged on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to lay out and invest any such Personal Trust Property

or

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 116.

689

or other Funds, under the like Restrictions and Regulations, in Fee Farm Rent the Purchase of any Land Tax which shall be sold in pursuance of be set|leti» the Provisions of this Act; and the Amount of such Land Tax shall, as a Fee Farm Rent, stand settled and limited by virtue of this Act to such Uses and subject to such Trusts, and for such Intents and Purposes, as the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments belonging to such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, or other Person or Persons, the Land Tax whereof might have been redeemed by such Personal Trust Property or other Funds, by virtue of this Act, shall stand settled, limited or subject to; and where any Personal Trust Property shall be subject to any Trust, to apply the same in the Purchase of Real Estate, to be settled to or for any particular Uses, Intents or Purposes, for the Benefit of any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or any Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other publick Purposes, or other Person or Persons, it shall be lawful to apply the same in the Purchase of any Land Tax to be sold under the Provisions of this Act; which Land Tax, when purchased, shall as a Fee Farm Rent stand settled and limited to such Uses,

and subject to such Trusts, and for such Intents and Purposes, to and for which such Real Estate, if purchased, ought to have been conveyed, settled and limited, according to the Terms of such Trust.

CLX. And be it further enacted, That where any Surplus Stock or Money arising by any Sale, Mortgage or Grant, made or to be made by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act, for the Purpose of redeeming any Land Tax, shall remain, after reserving so much thereof as shall be necessary to be transferred or paid as the Consideration for the Redemption of such Land Tax, it shall be lawful to apply such Surplus Stock or Money (but nevertheless under such Direction as is herein made necessary for any other Application of such Surplus), in the Purchase of any Land Tax as Fee Farm Rents under the Provisions of this Act, which shall when so purchased stand settled and limited to, for and upon the like Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, as the Hereditaments so sold, mortgaged or charged, stood settled and limited.

[See

54 G. 3. c. 173. §§8,9.]

CLXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, and for the Trustees for the Time being of any Trust Property heretofore given by any Will, for the Purpose of being laid out in the Purchase of Lands or Impropriate Tythes for the Benefit of the Poor Clergy in England, respectively, to apply any Sum or Sums of Money, or other Funds which by this Act such Governors and Trustees respectively are empowered to apply in and for the Redemption of the Land Tax charged on the Lands, Tythes or Profits of any Living or Livings herein mentioned, in the Purchase of any Land Tax which shall be sold in pursuance of the Provisions of this Act, for the Purpose of augmenting any such Living or Livings which such Governors or Trustees respectively shall think proper so to augment; and such Land Tax shall for ever after the Purchase thereof be annexed to such Living or Livings, and be issuing as a Fee Farm Rent out of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements

Surplus arising from Sales, &e. for redeeming Land Tax, maybe applied iu purchasing Land Tax as a Fee Farm Rent.

Governors of Queen Anne’s Bounty, and other Trustees for Poor Clergy (empowered to redeem Land Tax,) may purchase Land Tax, which shall issue as a Fee Farm out of the Lands, and be annexed to the Livings

690

and to accept from others Land Tax so purchased.

Gifts of Land Tax redeemed or purchased for Augmentation of Livings, shall be valid.

Fee for Certificate of Amount of Land Tax, Is.

Contracts registered, and Three Duplicates of Amount, &c. of Land Tax redeemed; One for Receiver General for County,

C. 116. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

ments or Hereditaments, whereon the same was charged at the Time of such Purchase, or such of them as shall remain chargeable therewith under the Provisions of this Act, for the Benefit of such Living or Livings, and be payable on the same Days as such Land Tax was payable; and the Incumbent or Incumbents for the Time being of such Living or Livings, shall have and enjoy the same Powers and Remedies, Benefits and Advantages, for the Recovery thereof, whether by Action, Suit, Distress or otherwise, as Landlords by Law have or can enjoy for the Recovery of Rents reserved on Leases; and every such Purchase of Land Tax by virtue of this Act, for the Benefit of such Living or Livings, shall be deemed valid and effectual in the Law, and equivalent to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes, to a Purchase or Purchases of Lands or Tythes for that Purpose, any Statutes of Mortmain or other Statute or Law to the contrary notwithstanding; and it shall also be lawful for the said Governors of the Bounty of Queen, notwithstanding any such Statutes or Law to the contrary, to accept and take any Land Tax which shall have been so purchased as a Fee Farm Rent as aforesaid, and which shall be given or bequeathed to them by any Deed, Will, or otherwise, for the Purpose of augmenting any such Living or Livings as aforesaid, and to apply the same for or towards the Augmentation of such Living or Livings accordingly, and the Incumbent or Incumbents for the Time being of such Living or Livings shall hold and enjoy such Land Tax, and all Powers and Remedies for the Recovery thereof, in the same Manner as if such Land Tax had been purchased by the said Governors, and annexed to such Living or Livings, in pursuance of this Act.

[See §§44?, 45.

CLXII. And be it further enacted, That every Gift or Disposition of any Land Tax which shall have been redeemed under the Provisions of the said recited Acts, or which shall be redeemed or purchased under the Provisions of this Act, made by the Person or Persons entitled thereto, by Deed, Will, or otherwise, for the Augmentation of any Living or Livings whatever, shall be valid and effectual; and such Land Tax shall be held and enjoyed by or for the Benefit of the Incumbent or Incumbents for the Time being, of the Living or Livings which shall be so augmented thereby, according to the Tenor of such Deed, Will or Instrument of Gift; any Statutes of Mortmain, or other Statute or Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

CLXIII. And be it further enacted, That no greater Fee or Reward shall be taken or demanded by any Clerk to the Commissioners of Land Tax or Supply, or Chief Magistrate of any City or Borough, for any Certificate of the Amount of any Land Tax granted under the Authority of this Act, than One Shilling, in respect of each Sum so certified.

[ §§30. 154.]

CLXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Contract entered into in pursuance of this Act for the Redemption or Purchase of any Land Tax charged as aforesaid, shall, before the Transfer or Payment of the Second Instalment of Stock or Money to be made thereon, or within Three Calendar Months from the Time of making the Transfer or Payment of Stock or Money thereon, in case the whole Consideration shall be transferred at One Time, be registered with the proper Officer appointed or to be appointed for

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 116.

691

that Purpose; which Registers shall be made in Books to be provided and kept by such Officer, and the said Officer is hereby required to make out Three Duplicates on Parchment fairly written, under his Hand and Seal, of the several Amounts of the said Land Tax so redeemed or purchased, and exonerated, distinguishing the several Parishes and Places where the same shall have been assessed, and to deliver or cause to be delivered one of such Duplicates to the Receiver General for the County, Riding or Place where such Land Tax shall have been charged, and one other of such Duplicates to the Commissioners of Land Tax acting for the Division where the Parish or Place in which such Land Tax shall have been charged is situated, and a like Duplicate into the Office of The King’s Remembrancer of the Exchequer, whenever the same shall be required.

CLXV. And be it further enacted, That every Copy of the Register of any Contract made in pursuance of this Act, and registered according to the Directions thereof with the proper Officer appointed for that Purpose, which shall be signed by him, shall be allowed in all Courts and Places, and before all Persons, to be good and sufficient Evidence of such Contract.

CLXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall have entered into any Contract for the Redemption or Purchase of any Land Tax, by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act, shall have died or shall die before the Transfer or Payment of all the Instalments of the Consideration contracted to be transferred or paid by him or her, without having made any Provision by Will or otherwise, how the future Instalments shall be made good, then and in such Case the future Instalments shall be paid out of the Assets of the Persons so dying, as a Debt to His Majesty upon Record, and the Executors or Administrators of the Person so dying, and the Trustee or Trustees, Guardian or Guardians, Tutor or Tutors, Curator or Curators, of any Infant, Minor or other Person entitled to the Estate and Effects of the Person so dying, shall be indemnified against such Infant or Minor, and all other Persons whomsoever, for making good the Instalments necessary to complete the said Contract; and if such Executor or Administrator, Trustee, Guardian, Tutor or Curator, shall not have Assets for that Purpose, then they shall and may, and they are hereby respectively authorized and empowered to sell, assign and dispose of the said Contract: Provided always, that when the Person so dying shall have contracted for such Land Tax, under the Benefit of Preference given by the said recited Acts or this Act, without having the absolute Estate or Interest in the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments whereon the same was charged, and the Person or Persons having the next immediate beneficial Estate or Interest in Succession, Reversion, Remainder or Expectancy, and which shall have become vested in Possession by reason of the Determination of the preceding Estate or Interest of the Person so dying, or his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, or Tutor or Tutors, in Cases of Infancy, or Committee or Committees, or Curator or Curators, in Cases of Lunacy, shall be desirous of taking an Assignment of such Contract in order to complete the same, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Executors or Administrators of the Person so dying, to sell and

assign

another for Commissioners of Land Tax, and another for King’s Remembrancer.

Copies of Registers Evidence of Contracts.

Where Purchasers die without completing Contracts, Instalments to be paid out of Assets, and if delicient Contract may be sold:

But if the Person who shall be come into Possession shall be desirous of taking the Contract, it may be assigned to him, whether there are Assets or not.

692

C. 116.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Assignees to complete Contracts on original Terms.

assign such Contract to the Person or Persons whose Estates shall so have become vested in Possession, (a) or the Guardian or Guardians, Tutor or Tutors, Committee or Committees, Curator or Curators, of such Person or Persons, on his, her or their Behalf, whether such Executors or Administrators shall have in their Hands Assets of the deceased Person or not: Provided also, that the Person or Persons to whom such Contract shall be assigned, shall be bound to complete the same, upon the same Terms and Conditions, by the same Instalments, and at the same Periods, and in the same Manner, and have and be entitled to the same Benefits and Advantages as the Person so dying would have been bound to complete the same, or would have been entitled to, in case he or Time for Pay- she had been then living: Provided always, that the respective ment of Instal- Courts of Exchequer,_ or the Commissioners for the Affairs of ments may be Taxes, may in all such Cases give the like Relief, by enlarging the Time ( b) for making good any future Instalment or Instalments, as they are hereby authorized to do in Cases of Forfeiture through the Default of the Party. ( §91. to raising Money

to complete such Assignment,"] [See § 169.]

CLXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, after entering into any such Contract as aforesaid for the Redemption or Purchase of any Land Tax, shall afterwards neg-

__________ lect or refuse to complete the same by the due and regular Trans-

shall be subject fer or Payment of the Consideration (whether by Instalments or " otherwise) agreed to be made thereon, then and in every such

Case, and immediately after Default shall be made in the Transfer or Payment of such Consideration, or any Part thereof, such Contract shall become null and void, and the Whole of the Land Tax so contracted for shall be revived and again become chargeable on the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments whereon the same was charged prior to such Contract, and such Land Tax (whether the same shall have been redeemed or purchased) shall be again assessed, raised, levied and collected for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or be again sold by the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act, by virtue of His Majesty's Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, in the same Manner as if such Contract had not been entered into; and the Person or Persons so making Default shall, for the Non Performance of the Contract, be subject to a Penalty not exceeding One Sixteenth Part of the Consideration agreed to be transferred or paid on such Contract; and in Cases where the Consideration to be transferred shall be Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, and no Part thereof shall have been transferred, the Amount of the Penalty shall be the Value of such Sixteenth Part of the Consideration, according to the Average Price of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities on the Day on which the Transfer of such Consideration, or the First Instalment thereof, ought to have been made; or in case the Books for entering Transfers of such Annuities shall then be shut, then according to the Average Price of Three Pounds Centum Reduced Bank Annuities on such Day.

CLXVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Land Tax shall have been, or shall be revived and again become chargeable on any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Heredita-

raent,

enlarged.

On Default in fulfilling Contracts, Land Tax to revive, and Defaulter

to a Penalty not exceeding One Sixteenth of the Consideration.

How such Penalty shall be calculated.

Where Land Tax shall revive, Commissioners of Land

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 116.

6*93

ments, by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act, the Com- Tax, &c. within missioners of Land Tax or Supply acting in and for the Division Six Months to or Place, County or Stewartry, or the Chief Magistrate of the City Re

or Borough within which such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tene- ceiver General ments or Hereditaments shall be situate, or any Three of them, an(j transmit shall and they are hereby required, within Six Calendar Months Duplicate to after such Land Tax shall be so revived, to deliver or cause to be King’s Redelivered a Schedule or Duplicate in Parchment, under their "ebr^*ror Hands and Seals, to the Receiver General for the County, Riding, ^aro"f of Ex-Division or Place, if in England, or his Deputy, or to the Receiver chequer in Scot-General, if in Scotland, and shall transmit or cause to be trans- land, specifying mitted a like Schedule or Duplicate into the King’s Remem- Amount, &c. brancer’s Office, if in England, and to the Barons of the Exchequer, if in Scotland; which Schedule or Duplicate shall contain and specify the Amount of the Land Tax so revived and again become chargeable, and the Year in which, and the Period from whence such Land Tax shall have been revived; and in case such Land Tax shall have become revived from any Period preceding the Commencement of the Year in and for which such Schedule or Duplicate shall be made out as aforesaid, such Schedule or Duplicate shall also contain and specify the Amount of the Arrears of such Land Tax up to the Commencement of such Year as aforesaid; distinguishing the Amount of the Land Tax so revived and again become chargeable, from the Amount of such Arrears as aforesaid.

CLXIX. And be it further enacted, That where any Contract On such For-shall become forfeited, it shall be lawful for the Courts of Exche- futures, Courts quer in England and Scotland respectively, on the Application of of Exchequer the Person or Persons who shall have incurred such Penalty as tb^Tim^lbr aforesaid, or any other Person or Persons who may be prejudiced making Instal-by such Default, by Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, ments, and stating the Grounds of such Application, to enlarge the Time for grant Relief, making good any subsequent Instalment or Instalments, and to grant such Relief to the Party or Parties as to the said Courts respectively shall seem meet, upon Payment of all Costs and upon such other Terms and Conditions as to such Courts respectively shall appear reasonable: Provided always, that where the Amount where Penalty or Value of the Penalty incurred shall not exceed the Sum of does not exceed Fifty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, it shall be lawful 501. Tax Office, for the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes (with the Approba- Yith Approbation of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury), to enlarge °4Jr^ant the Time for making good any such subsequent Instalment or In- Rg^emaysran stalments, or to grant such other Relief to the Party or Parties as to the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes (with such Approbation as aforesaid) shall seem meet.

CLXX. And be it further enacted, That where any Contract where Penalty made under and by virtue of this Act, shall have become null and on Default has void as aforesaid, and no Prosecution for the Penalty shall have not been pro-been brought, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Re- secuted for, duction of the National Debt, and for the Receivers General in ^r^ion.ers England and Collectors in Scotland respectively, and they are hereby Debt^&c^mav required, in Cases where any Instalment or Instalments shall have reserve Amount been transferred or paid on such Contract, to reserve to the use of out of Instal-the Publick such Part of die Consideration under such Contract as ments made,

42 Geo. III. Z z shall

694

C. 116.

42° GEO. III.

and retransfer Remainder. -

Where Stock has been improperly transferred, or Money paid to the Bank for Interest, such Stock may be retransferred, &c. on Certificate from Tax Office; who may also direct Receivers General to repay Monies improperly paid.

Where Stock retransferred, Dividends to be issued and payable as if there had been no Transfer to Commissioners for National Debt.

A.D. 1802.

shall be equal to the Penalty incurred, and on Demand thereof made to transfer or pay the Remainder thereof to the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons interested in such Stock or Money, their, his or her Successors, Executors, Administrators or Assigns.

CLXXI. And be it further enacted, That where any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons have transferred or may hereafter transfer to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, on account of the Redemption of Land Tax, any Consolidated or Reduced Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, which ought not to be trans-

ferred for that Purpose, or have paid or shall hereafter pay into the Bank of England any Sum or Sums of Money by Way of Interest, which ought not to have been so paid, then, and in such Case, upon a Certificate signed by any Three or more of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, that such Bank Annuities ought not to have been so transferred or that such Monies ought not to have been so paid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, or any One or more of them, or for the Governor and Company of the Bank of, as the

Case shall require, and they respectively are hereby required to retransfer the said Bank Annuities, or to repay, out of any Monies in the Hands of such Governor and Company on account of Interest under this Act, the said Monies unto the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons by whom or on whose Account the same were transferred or paid to them respectively; and wherever it shall appear, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, that any Sum or Sums of Money shall have been paid to any Receiver General or his Deputy, on account of the Redemption of Land Tax, or on account of Interest, which ought not to have been so paid, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or any Three or more of them, to order and direct such Receiver General or his Deputy, to repay all such Monies to the Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons who shall appear to have paid the same; and the Receipt and Receipts of such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, and other Person or Persons, shall be sufficient Discharges for such Bank Annuities so retransferred, or Monies so repaid as aforesaid.

CLXXII. And be it further enacted, That where any Bank Annuities shall have been or shall be transferrable to any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons under the Order and Direction of the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act, by virtue of His Majesty's Letters Patent under the Great Seal, or the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes respectively, or without any such Order or Direction, in Cases where any Contract shall have become null and void, all such Dividends or Arrears of Dividend shall be issued from the Receipt of the Exchequer, and be payable at the Bank of England for and in respect of the said Bank Annuities, which shall have been or shall be retransferred by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, to any Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Companies, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, as would have been

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 116.

695

been payable thereon in case the same Bank Annuities had not been transferred to the said last mentioned Commissioners.

CLXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Contract entered Contracts, A*, into for the Redemption or Purchase of any Land Tax, nor any signments, Co-Assignment of any such Contract or Land Tax, by virtue of the fg^Certifi^tes said recited Acts or this Act, nor any Copy of the Register Transfers, Let-thereof, nor any Certificate or Receipt which shall be given by ters of Attor-virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act, nor any Transfer of ney, and Affi-any Stock in the Funds which shall be made by virtue of the said davjts exempted recited Acts or of this Act, to the Commissioners for the Reduc- tamiJ

tion of the National Debt, nor any Letter of Attorney authorizing any Person or Persons to transfer any such Stock to the said Commissioners, or to accept any such Stock previously to and for the Purpose of transferring the same to them, nor any Affidavits whatever to be made in pursuance of the said recited Acts or of this Act, shall be liable to any Stamp Duty whatever.

§§68. 81. 107. ante.']

CLXXIV. And be it further enacted, That where the respective Where Collec-

Collectors of Cess or Land Tax appointed or to be appointed in tors of Land

the several Shires, Stewartries, Cities, Burghs and Places in Scot- Ta* n Scotland, shall act in pursuance of the said recited Act of the Thirty ea"er^aX®t"ot

ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for amending so much Bond, under

of the said Three first recited Acts as relates to, shall not 39 g.3. c. 40.

have entered into such Bonds to the respective Commissioners as are they shall enter

therein mentioned, such Collectors respectively shall within Forty into Bonds

Days after the passing of this Act, or after they shall be so respec- ,!ereby re<Fired, 1 i, J r, 1 r ~ lor paying to

tively appointed, as the Case may be, and before they or any of Receiver Ge-

them shall receive any Monies to be paid as the Consideration for neral Monies the Redemption or Purchase of any Land Tax, in pursuance of this received by Act, enter into Bonds to the said respective Commissioners for the such Collectors. Purposes of this Act, or any Three or more of them, in such Shires, Stewartries, Cities, Burghs and Places, with such good and sufficient Caution as the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland shall require, binding him or them and his or their Sureties, conjunctly and severally, for his and their duly paying to the Receiver General for Scotland at Edinburgh, at such Times after the Receipt thereof as the said Barons shall direct to be inserted in such Bonds, all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be paid to them in pursuance of the said recited Acts, or either of them, or this Act, for the Redemption or Purchase of any Land Tax, under a Penalty of Two hundred Pounds Sterling, over and above Performance, and which Bonds the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to take; and the said respective Commissioners shall forthwith cause the said Bonds to be delivered to the Receiver General at E, or not being delivered to such Receiver General, shall cause the same to be registered in the Books of Council and Session, and Extracts thereof to be delivered to the said Receiver General at Edinburgh: Present Bonds and all such Bonds already entered into by such Collectors or in force, their respective Sureties as are now in force shall continue in force for the Purposes of this Act, in like Manner as if the same had been respectively entered into after the passing of this Act.

CLXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in On Default of case the Collector or Collectors in any Shire, Stewartry, Burgh or such Security,

696

C. 116.

4,2° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Commissioners for Redemption, &c. to certify to Barons of Exchequer, who shall order Consideration in Money for Redemption or Purchase of Land Tax to he paid to the Receiver General.

Process against Collectors failing to pay over Money to Receivers General.

Place, shall fail or neglect to enter into such Bond as aforesaid within the Period herein-before mentioned, the said Commissioners shall, immediately after the Expiration of the said Forty Days, certify such Failure or Neglect to the said Barons of the Court of Exchequer in S otland, and it shall thereupon be lawful for the said Barons, and they are hereby required, upon the Receipt of such Certificate, to order and direct that the Consideration for the Redemption or Purchase of any Land Tax in such Shire, Stewartry, City, Burgh or Place, where the same shall be in Money, shall be paid to the Receiver General, or his Deputy or Deputies at Edinburgh, or to such Person or Persons in such Shire, Stewartry, City, Burgh or Place, as he shall appoint to receive the same; and after such Order or Direction, all and every Person and Persons, Bodies, Corporations and Companies, who shall contract for the Redemption or Purchase of any Land Tax, the Consideration for the Redemption or Purchase whereof shall be in Money, shall pay such Consideration to such Receiver General, or his Deputy or Deputies, or such Person or Persons as he shall appoint to receive the same as aforesaid; and the Certificate or Receipt of such Receiver General, or his Deputy or Deputies, or such Person or Persons as aforesaid (and which he and they are hereby empowered and directed to give), shall be as valid and effectual in all Respects as the Receipt of any Collector is by the said Act directed to be, in case such Consideration was paid to a Collector in pursuance of the said recited Act.

CLXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where any such Collector or Collectors shall fail or neglect to pay over to the said Receiver General at, or his Deputy or

Deputies, any such Sum or Sums of Money within such Number of Days after the same shall be received by him or them as aforesaid, as shall be specified in the Bond entered into by such Collector or Collectors as aforesaid, the said Receiver General, or his Deputy or Deputies, may present the Bond, or an Extract thereof, to any One or more of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, with a Petition, stating the Sum due and not accounted for by such Collector or Collectors, and praying for a Horning or other competent and legal Process of Court upon such Bond or Extract, making Oath that the Sum stated in the Petition is due and not accounted for; and the Baron or Barons to whom such Petition shall be presented, may thereupon order a Horning or other competent and legal Process of Court to issue, and which Process of Court may be proceeded in by Arrestment, Poinding, Denunciation, Caption, Imprisonment and otherwise, for recovering from such Collector or Collectors, and his, her or their Surety or Sureties, the Sums due from such Collector or Collectors, and for the Penalty of Two hundred Pounds in such Bond, over and above the Sums so due as aforesaid; or the Receiver General, or his Deputy or Deputies, upon making Oath to the Sums due and unaccounted for, shall be at Liberty to proceed to the recovering the Payment thereof, and of the Penalty in the Bond, by any Process for recovering Payment of Debts due to His Majesty, according to the Course of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland.

9

A.D. 1802.

420 Geo. m.

C. 116.

697

CLXXVII. And Whereas by the said recited Act passed in 38 G. J. 5.

the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for 14-)

‘ granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, it is enacted,

‘ That every Receiver General in Englan’, Wales and Berwick

upon Tweed, upon the Receipt of the whole Assessments of the County, Riding, City or Town, for which he is appointed Receiver General (in case he shall have received the several Duplicates of each Parish and Place therein, and that Duplicates shall be returned to the Office of His Majesty's Remembrancer of the Exchequer, and not otherwise,) shall allow and pa)', according to such Warrant as shall be given in that Behalf by the said Commissioners or any two or more of them, Three Halfpence in the Pound, and no more to the Commissioners’ Clerks, for their Pains in fair writing the Assessments, Duplicates and Copies thereinbefore directed, and all Warrants, Orders and Instructions relating thereto: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether,

under the said Provision, such Receivers General are authorized to allow and pay to the said Clerks Three Halfpence in the Pound upon such Land Tax, as hath been or shall from Time to Time

be redeemed;’ Be it therefore enacted, That so long as a Dupli- So long as Du-cate of the Land Tax charged upon any Parish or Place in respect of L*n<1

of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments undeV^tPAct therein, shall under the Provisions of the said last mentioned Act to be delivered of the Thirty eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign and of this Act, to Receiver be required to be delivered to any such Receiver General, it shall General, he be lawful for any such Receiver General in jWales and Berwick upon Tweed, and he is hereby required, upon the Receipt Commissioners of the whole Assessments of the County, Riding or Place, for of Land Tax which he shall be Receiver, in case he shall have received such i^d. in the Duplicates as aforesaid, and the same shall be returned to the pound as well Office of His Majesty's Remembrancer of the Exchequer, pursuant redeem-

to the Directions of the said last mentioned Act, to allow and pav ! ’ ;C"1 a

, ’ t J remaining

to the respective Clerks for the time being to the Commissioners chargeable, of Land Tax, who shall have delivered such Duplicates, Three Halfpence in the Pound, as well upon the Amount of Land Tax which shall have been redeemed or purchased in such respective Parishes or Places, as upon so much of the Land Tax as shall remain chargeable therein; Provided always, that it shall be lawful Treasury may for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any three or oc(ler sucl1 more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, -^howance to

' t o ' oJ CC&SC On 1 jftnfl

whenever they shall think fit to order and direct that the said Al- 'pax redeemed lowance of Three Halfpence in the Pound shall cease to be paid, &c. for or in respect of so much of the said Land Tax as shall have been redeemed or purchased; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CLXXVIII. And Whereas by the said last mentioned Act, it 33 G. 3, c. 5.

is enacted that no Receiver whatsoever of any Monies granted (§ 112.)

by the said Act to be raised in England, Wales or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or any Heirs, Executors or Administrators of such Receiver, should in any Account of the Monies wherewith such Receiver should be chargeable, unless such Account should be declared and passed in the Exchequer within Two Years at the farthest after the Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand seven hundred, and ninety eight., be allowed or

Z z S 4 admitted

698

C. 116.

4!T GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

admitted to be set insuper, or charge any County, Division or Place in England, Wales or the Town of Berwick upon

for any Monies granted by the said Act which should be in Arrear and unpaid, but that the same should remain a Debt upon every such Receiver, to be answered by him and his Securities,

his or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, Lands, Tenements,

Goods and Chattels respectively; which Provision applies only to the Monies directed to be raised for the Year ending the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and cVs n*ne: And Whereas by the said recited Act of the forty

c 4 first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for extending the Period of Preference granted and continued by several Acts to Bodies Corporate, and Persons, for the Redemption of the Land Tax, and to amend an Act of the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, it was enacted, that no such Receiver should in his or their Account of the Monies, which under and by virtue of the said last mentioned Act of the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, were to be raised in or for the respective Years ending the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred, and One thousand eight hundred and one, be allowed or admitted to set insuper or charge any County,

Division or Place in Eng, Wales or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for any of the said Monies which should be in Arrear and unpaid, unless such Account should be declared and passed in the Exchequer within Two Years at the farthest after the Expiration of such Years, nor to set insuper or charge any such County, Division or Place in any Account of the Monies which, 4 under and by virtue of the said last mentioned Act, should be to be raised in or for any Year after the Twenty fifth Day of One thousand eight hundred and one, for any of the said Monies which should be in Arrear and unpaid, unless such Account should be declared and passed in the Exchequer, within Two Years after the Commencement of the Year (every such Year commencing from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March), in and for which such Monies should be to be raised; but all such Monies in Arrear should remain a Debt upon every such Receiver, to be answered by him and his Securities, his and their Executors and Administrators, Lands, Tenements, Goods and Chattels respectively: And whereas it is expedient that other Provision should be made in this Behalf, in regard to Monies raised and to be raised for any Year commencing after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and No Receiver in < ninety nine;’ Be it therefore enacted, That no such Receiver, Land^ax'so^ His Heirs, Executors or Administrators, shall in his or their Ac-theVears^end- count of the Monies which under and by virtue of the said last rein, March 25. cited Act, were to be raised in and for the respective Years ending 1800, andi80i, the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred, and to set insuper. One thousand eight hundred and one, be allowed or admitted to PI acedia CEn set insuper,or charge any County, Division or Place in

land6for Mo^ Wales or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for any of the said

ney in Arrear, Monies which shall be in Arrear and unpaid, unless such Account unless Account shall be declared and passed in the Exchequer, within Three passed within Years at the farthest after the Expiration of such Years, nor to set

insuper

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III.

c. lie.

69

insuper or charge any such County, Division or Place, in any Account of the Monies which under and by virtue of the said Act, shall be to be raised in and for any Year after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and one, or any of the said Monies which shall be in Arrear and unpaid, unless such Account shall be declared and passed in the Exchequer within Two Years after the Expiration of the Year (every such Year commencing from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March), in and for which such Monies shall be to be raised; but all such Monies in Arrear shall remain a Debt upon every such Receiver, to be answered by him and his Securities, his and their Executors and Administrators, Lands, Tenements, Goods and Chattels respectively.

[ See45 G. 3. c. 71. § 4.]

CLXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Conditions of all Bonds to His Majesty which have been entered into by such Receivers General or their respective Sureties, and are now in force, in regard to the receiving, accounting for and paying the Land Tax within the Period specified in the said last recited Act, shall relate respectively to the Period specified in this Act, in like Manner as if such Bonds had been entered into after the passing of this Act, and in pursuance thereof.

CLXXX. And be it further enacted, That the Whole of the Land Tax charged on any Parish or Place shall (notwithstanding the Discharge of any Part thereof) continue to be inserted in the Certificates of Assessment to be signed by the Commissioners of the Land Tax, so long as any Part of the Proportion of Land Tax charged and chargeable in such Parish or Place shall remain payable in such Parish or Place, either to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or to any Person or Persons who shall have redeemed any Land Tax by virtue of the said recited Acts or any of them, and shall have declared an Option (a) in their Contracts respectively, to be considered on the same Footing as Persons not interested; and that all such Manors, Messuages,. Lands,. Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall not have been exonerated by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act, from the Land Tax, shall continue subject to a new Assessment yearly and from Year to Year, by an equal Rate, according to the annual Value of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, not exceeding in One Year the Rate of Four Shillings in the Pound on such annual Value; and that such Part of the said Land Tax which shall remain payable as aforesaid in any Parish or Place, shall be raised, levied, collected and received in such and the like Form and Manner, and under such Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, and according to such Rules, Methods and Directions, as if the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments charged with the Land Tax so remaining payable as aforesaid, formed an entire Parish or Place, and as are prescribed, directed and appointed by the said Act of the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, with respect to the Quota of each Parish or Place: Provided always, that upon the Delivery of the Certificates and Precepts to the several Collectors, for the raising, levying, collecting and recovering such Part of the said Land Tax as shall so remain payable in such (a) § 40. ante.']

Three Years, nor for any subsequent Year unless Account passed within Two Years.

Conditions of Receivers’ Bonds shall relate to the Period in this Act.

The whole Land Tax charged inserted in Certificate of Assessment, co long as any Part shall remain payable.

Lands not exonerated, subject to yearly Assessment not exceeding: 4s. in the Pound, under 38 G. 3. c. 5.

On Delivery of Certificates, &c. to Collectors, they are to return Amount

700

a 116.

F2° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

of Land Tax redeemed.

How such Lands in Scotland assessed.

Assessment exceeding 4s. in the pound subject to Abatement, under 38 G. 8. c. 5.

§ 84. and Duplicates thereof returned as in other Cases under § 8. of that Act.

Whenever the whole Land Tax in any Place shall be redeemed, &c. Assessment shall cease.

Treasury may pay Salaries and Expences to Commissioners, &c. not exceeding 3d. in the Pound, to the Commissioners on the Land Tax sold.

Parish or Place, the said Collectors shall be directed to return in their Schedule to the Receiver General for the County, Riding or Place, the Amount of the Land Tax which shall have been redeemed in such Parish or Place, and from the Payment of which such Parish or Place shall have been exonerated: Provided also, that if any such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments are situated in Scotland, the same shall continue subject to a new Assessment

yearly and from Year to Year, according to the Rates and in the Manner established by Law or Custom in that Country.

CLXXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Assessment of Land Tax which shall continue to be charged in pursuance of this Act, shall at any Time hereafter be found to exceed the Rate of Four Shillings in the Pound on the annual Value of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments whereon the same shall be charged, such Land Tax shall be subject to an Abatement, in the Manner in such Cases directed by the said Act of the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax; and that after such Abatement made, an Assessment, specifying such Abatement, shall be made thereof accordingly, and the Commissioners making such Assessment shall cause Duplicates thereof to be returned to the said Receivers General, the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and the Offices of the King’s Remembrancer at Westminster and Edinburgh respectively, and in the Manner therein directed in other Cases of Assessments.

CLXXXII. And be it further enacted, That whenever in any Parish or Place separately assessed to the Land Tax, the Whole of the Land Tax charged upon the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments in such Parish or Place shall have been redeemed or purchased, and all the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments therein shall be exonerated, under and by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act, from the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money as Land Tax, all Assessments in such Parish or Place by virtue of this Act shall cease and determine.

CLXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to order and direct any Sum or Sums of Money to be issued and paid out of any Monies in the Hands of any Receiver or Receivers or any Publick Monies in the Exchequer, or any Aids or Supplies granted or to be granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year in which such Expences shall be incurred, for the Payment of the Allowances herein after directed to the Commissioners for the Time being acting in the Execution of this Act, by virtue of His Majesty's Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, and also for the Payment of Salaries to any Secretaries, Clerks and other Officers acting in the Execution thereof, and for discharging such incidental Expences as shall necessarily attend the Execution of this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners of the Treasury or any Three or more of them or the Lord High Treasurer, shall from Time to Time think fit and reasonable in that Behalf: Provided always, that no greater Sum shall be paid to the said Commissioners so acting in the Execution of this Act as aforesaid, than after

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 116.

701

the Rate of Three Pence in the Pound on the Amount of the Land Tax sold by them, to be paid to and amongst them in equal Proportions: Provided also, that an Account of all such Expences shall be annually laid before Parliament: Provided also, that such Expences shall not be liable to account, otherwise than before the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer for the Time being.

CLXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Notice required to be given by this Act cannot be delivered to the Person or Persons to whom such Notice is directed, it shall be sufficient for the Party obliged to give such Notice, to leave the same at the last or most usual Place of Abode of the Person or Persons to whom such Notice is given, if such Person or Persons shall be in Great Britain, or if such Person or Persons shall be beyond the Seas, then to publish the same in the London Gazette: Provided always, that all Notices whatever which shall have been given or delivered pursuant to the Directions of the said recited Acts, or any of them, shall be valid and effectual for the Purposes of this Act.

CLXXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Acceptance of any Commission from His Majesty in pursuance of the said recited Acts, or any of them, or of this Act, shall not vacate the Seat of any Person returned to serve in Parliament, nor shall the Election of any Person who hath accepted or who shall accept any such Commission be in any Manner impeached thereby or made void; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that the Acceptance of the Office of a Commissioner for the Redemption or Sale of Land Tax under the said recited Acts or this Act, shall not, by reason of any Allowance for executing the same, be deemed, taken or construed to be a Place or Employment of Profit under His Majesty, notwithstanding the Appointment shall be by Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, but that the same shall be deemed, taken and construed to be a Place or Employment under the Authority of this Act to all Intents and Purposes, and shall not impeach any Claim or Title which such Commissioners majr have to any other Allowance whatever under His Majesty.

CLXXXVT. And be it further enacted, That when any Capital Stock of Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities shall, by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act, be transferred to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, the Interest or Dividends which shall have been payable on such Stock shall from thenceforth cease to be issued from the Receipt of the Exchequer, or to be charged on the Consolidated Fund, and the Money which would have been applicable to the Payment thereof, shall remain and be a Part of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, to be applied in such Manner as Parliament shall from Time to Time direct.

CLXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the several Sums of Money arising from the Produce of the Duty by the said First recited Act for the Redemption of the Land Tax, made perpetual as aforesaid, which shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer in any Year, shall, from Time to Time, be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Britain.

Account of Expences to be laid before Parliament.

Service of Notices, &c.

Commissions not to vacate Seats in Parliament; nor the Office of a Commissioner to be deemed a Place of Profit under His Majesty.

When Stock transferred to Commissioners for National Debt, Dividends thereon to cease.

Land Tax not redeemed, &c. carried to Consolidated Fund.

*702

C. 116.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Two Commissioners for National Debt may act.

Recovery and Application of Penalties to Party grieved; other Penalties above 50l. if within Six Months.

Attorney General, &c. may stay Proceedings.

Penalties not exceeding 50l. (other than to the Party aggrieved) may be recovered before Two Justices, by Distress and Sale, or Six Months’ Imprisonment.

CLXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Two of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt for the Time being, to execute and do all Matters and Things which by this Act the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt are required and empowered to do.

CLXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures to be sued for by the Party aggrieved, by virtue of this Act, shall and may be sued for by Action of Debt or on the Case, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Law in England and Scotland respectively, holding Pleas to the Amount of Forty Shillings; in which Action or Suit the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be entitled to his, her or their full Costs, as in other Cases in the said Courts; and that one Moiety of all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures hereby imposed, other than to the Party aggrieved, where the Amount or Value of the same shall exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, shall, if sued for within the Space of Six Calendar Months from the Time of such Penalties or Forfeitures being incurred, be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Costs of Suit, to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same within the Time aforesaid, and which shall and may be sued for in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer at, for Offences

committed in England, or in His Majesty's Courts of Exchequer in Scotland, for Offences committed in, by Action of

Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, where no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; but nevertheless it shall be lawful for His Majesty's Attorney General in England, or His Majesty's Advocate in Scotland, in case it shall appear to his Satisfaction that any such last mentioned Penalty or Forfeiture was incurred without Intention of Fraud, to stay all further Proceedings, by entering a noli prosequi or otherwise, with respect as well to the Share of such Penalty or Forfeiture claimed by such Informer or Informers, as to the Share thereof belonging to His Majesty. \_See §192.

CXC. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the Amount or Value of any Penalties or Forfeitures (other than to the Party aggrieved) already incurred under the said recited Acts, or to be incurred under this Act, shall not exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds of lawful Money of Great, it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division or Place, wherein the Party incurring such Penalty or Forfeiture shall reside, to hear and determine any Matter subjecting such Party to any such Penalty or Forfeiture as aforesaid under the said recited Acts or this Act; which said Justices of the Peace are hereby authorized and required, upon any Information exhibited, to summon the Party and also the Witnesses on either Side, and examine into the Matter of Fact; and upon due Proof made thereof, either by the voluntary Confession of the Party, or by Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to give Judgment for the Penalty or Forfeiture according to the Provisions of this Act, and to award and issue their Warrant under their Hands and Seals for the levying any such Penalty or Forfeiture so adjudged, on the Goods of the Party incurring the same, and to cause Sale to be made thereof in case they shall not be

redeemed

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 116.

703

redeemed within Six Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus, if any; and where the Goods of such Party cannot be found sufficient to answer the Penalty, to commit him or her to Prison, there to remain for Six Months, unless such Penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied: and if any Person or Persons shall find himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by the Judgment of any such Justices, then he, she or they shall and may (upon giving Security to the Amount of the Value of such Penalty and Forfeiture, together with such Costs as shall be awarded in case such Judgment shall be affirmed) appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions for the County, Riding or Place, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the same; and in case the Judgment of such Justices shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such Justices of the Peace at their General Quarter Sessions, to award the Person or Persons to pay the Costs occasioned by such Appeal, as to them shall seem meet: Provided always, that if the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace shall fall within Six Days after such Conviction, it shall and may be lawful for the Person so convicted, if he shall think fit, (giving such Security as aforesaid), to appeal to the next subsequent Quarter Sessions.

CXCI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence before such Justices of the Peace, touching any of the Matters relative to the said recited Acts or this Act, either on the Part of the Person informing or the Person or Persons incurring such Penalty or Forfeiture, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for such his, her or their Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed of by such Justices of the Peace, or appearing shall refuse to be examined on Oath, and give Evidence before such Justices of the Peace before whom the Prosecution shall be depending, that then every such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Forty Shillings, to be levied and paid in such Manner and by such Means as are herein-before directed.

CXCII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in Default of Prosecution within the Time herein-before limited, no such Penalty or Forfeiture, other than to the Party aggrieved, shall be afterwards recoverable except in the Name of His Majesty's Attorney General in England, and of His Majesty's Advocate in Scotland, by Information in the Courts of Exchequer in

England or Scotland respectively, in which Case the Whole of such Penalty or Forfeiture shall belong to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; and that all Penalties and Forfeitures, and Shares of Penalties and Forfeitures incurred as aforesaid, belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, shall be paid into the Hands of such Person or Persons as the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall appoint to receive the same, to the Use of His Majesty; and that in all Cases where the Whole of such pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures shall be recovered to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause such Reward as they shall think fit, not exceeding One Moiety of such Penalty or Forfeiture so recovered,

after

Appeal to next (or subsequent) Quarter Sessions.

Costs.

[Proviso.]

Witnesses refusing to appear, &c.

Penalty 40s.

After Six Months, Penalties (other than to the Party grieved) recoverable only in the Name of Attorney General, &c. and paid as directed by Tax Office, who may reward Informer.

C. 116.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

704

Penalty of Perjury on Persons giving false Evidence.

Forging, &c. any Contract, Assignment, Certificate, or Receipt,

Felony without Clergy.

Limitation of Actions, Six Months.

after deducting all Charges and Expences incurred in recovering the same, to be paid thereout, to or amongst any Person or Persons who shall appear to them entitled thereto as Informers, in respect of such Penalties or Forfeitures so recovered; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXCIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person upon Examination upon Oath or Affirmation before any of the said Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act by virtue of His Majesty's Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, or in any Affidavit, Deposition or Affirmation before any Mayor, Magistrate or Justice of the Peace in Great, or before any Coni'

missioners or Persons who are or shall be authorized to take Affidavits in Causes depending in any Courts at, in any

Manner relating to the Execution of this Act, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, or shall in any such Affidavit, Deposition or Affirmation, wilfully or corruptly swear or affirm any Matter or Thing which shall be false or untrue, every such Person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Laws now in being any Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

CXCIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall forge, counterfeit or alter, or cause or procure to be forged, counterfeited or altered, or knowingly or wilfully act or assist in the forging, counterfeiting or altering any Contract or Contracts, for the Redemption or Sale of any Land Tax, or any Assignment or Assignments of any such Land Tax, or of any such Contract or Contracts, or of any Portion of Land Tax therein comprized, or any Certificate or Certificates of the Commissioners of Land Tax or of Supply, or of any Chief Magistrate authorized by this Act to make out such Certificate or Certificates, or of the Surveyor General of the Land Revenue of the Crown, or of the Duchy of Cornwall, or any Certificate or Certificates, Receipt or Receipts, of the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any Certificate or Certificates, or attested Copy of any Certificate or Certificates, directed by this Act to be made out by the proper Officer, or shall wilfully deliver or produce to any Person or Persons acting under the Authority of this Act, or shall utter any such forged, counterfeited or altered Contract or Contracts, Assignment or Assignments, Certificate or Certificates, Receipt or Receipts, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited or altered, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or any Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Company, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, then and in every such Case all and every Person or Persons so offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

[As to forging Certificates for Redemption and

Sale of Land Tax, 52 G. 3. c. 143. §6.]

CXCV. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Six Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County or Place where the

Cause-

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III.

0.116.

705

Cause of Complaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matters in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy fop the same as any Defendant hath in other Cases to recover Costs by Law.

CXCVI. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons who are or shall be named or appointed Commissioners of Land Tax, in or by any Act or Acts now in force, or hereafter to be passed, to carry into Execution the said Act of the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax before mentioned, or this Act, in any County, Riding or Place, such Persons being also Justices of the Peace of and for the same County, Riding or Place, and not being Persons appointed to be Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, by His Majesty's Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual as aforesaid, shall be Commissioners for the Purpose of hearing Appeals to be made by virtue of this Act, for the Division of the County or Riding, or the District within which they usually act as Commissioners of Land Tax and Justices of the Peace as aforesaid.

CXCVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by any Determination of the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act, by virtue of His Majesty's Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, with relation to any Right or Benefit of Preference in, or any Right of Redemption of any Land Tax to be sold by virtue of this Act, or with relation to the Sale or Mortgage of any Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or the Grant of any Rent Charge thereout, for any of the Purposes of this Act, with relation to the Redemption or Purchase of any Land Tax, for the Redemption or Purchase of which not more than Five hundred Pounds Capital Stock in the Three Pounds Centum Bank Annuities would be transferred in the Whole, if such Land Tax was redeemed or purchased, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons in every such Case, to appeal to the Commissioners appointed by this Act for the Purpose of hearing Appeals, at the next Petty Sessions held by them within and for the Division or District within which such Land Tax, or any Proportion thereof, shall be charged; and the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, to hear and determine all such Appeals at any Petty Sessions to be by them appointed from Time to Time, as there shall be Occasion; and on due Consideration of all the Circumstances attending the Case upon which such Appeal shall arise, and on Examination upon Oath or Affirmation of the Parties interested in such Appeal, and all other Persons who shall be willing to be examined touching any Matters or Things relating to the Matter in Dispute as aforesaid, which Oath or Affirmation they or any Two or more of such Commissioners,

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

Land Tax Commissioners being Justices, &c. shall be Commissioners for hearing Appeals.

Persons aggrieved in any Sale of Land Tax, (where Consideration shall not exceed 5001. Stock), may appeal to the Commissioners of Appeal at the next Petty Sessions, and their Order shall be final.

7 06

C. 116.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Commissioners of Appeal may have the Advice of Counsel, and may award Costs, &c.

Appeal where Consideration exceeds 5001. Stock.

S9G. 3. c. 83. for enabling his Majesty to incorporate the Globe Insurance Company, recited.

sioners, are hereby authorized to administer, and on the Production, upon Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, of any Deeds, Conveyances or Instruments, or upon the Production of any Affidavits or Depositions in Writing upon Oath or Affirmation to be made in Manner herein directed as to such Affidavits, Depositions or Affirmations, as may be produced to the said Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act as last aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners of Appeal, and they are hereby required to determine such Appeal, and give such Order therein, as in their Discretion shall seem expedient, which Order shall be final and conclusive upon all Parties; and if such Commissioners of Appeal shall have any Doubts touching any Matters or Things relating to the Determination of such Appeal, it shall and may be lawful for such last mentioned Commissioners to require the Advice and Assistance, or the Opinion of any Counsel learned in the Law, being a Barrister of Five Years standing at the least, as to them shall seem most expedient; and such Commissioners shall and may award the Costs actually incurred in such Appeal, and no more, together with such Expence as shall have arisen from the obtaining the Advice, Assistance or Opinion of Counsel as the Case may be, if any such Expence shall have been incurred, to be paid either by the Party against whom such Appeal shall have been determined, or by both the Parties to such Appeal, in such Proportions as to such Commissioners shall seem just and reasonable; and in case of Refusal or Non Payment of any Sums so ordered to be paid by the Space of Twenty one Days next after such Determination, such Commissioners of Appeal, or any Two of them, shall and may issue forth their Warrant to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons ordered to pay such Sum as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus to the Owner or Owners, after the Payment of the Charge of such Distress and Sale: Provided always, That where Capital Stock which would be requisite to be transferred for the Redemption or Purchase of any Land Tax respectively, about which any such Dispute as aforesaid may arise, would in the Whole exceed Five hundred Pounds in such Publick Annuities, the Person or Persons so thinking himself, herself or themselves aggrieved as aforesaid, shall and may apply to the Court of Chancery or Exchequer in England, or the Courts of Session or Exchequer in Scotland, by Petition to be preferred in a summary Way; which Courts respectively may thereupon grant such Relief, and make such Order therein, as to the said Courts respectively shall seem meet.

CXCVIII. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for enabling His Majesty to incorporate by Charter, a Company, to 1 be called The Globe Insurance Company, Insurance on

1 and against Loss or Damage by Fire; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, His Majesty is empowered, by Charter or In- denture under the Great Seal of Great to declare and

i grant that such and so many Persons as should be named therein, and all and every such other Persons and Person as from Time 1 to Time should be duly admitted Members into their Corpor-‘ation, should be One distinct and separate Body Politick and Corporate, by the Name of The Globe Insurance Company; and

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 116.

707

c it is thereby enacted, that in the said Charter or Indenture,

which His Majesty is so empowered to grant, a Provision should be inserted, that the said Corporation was to be created and established upon this Condition; that the said Corporation should lay out and invest the Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds 4 (Part of the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds extraordinary or Capital Stock therein mentioned), within Three Calendar Months next after the same should be raised, in Manner thereinbefore mentioned, in the Purchase of Land Tax upon Houses,

under the said first herein recited Act of the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and should with One Moiety or Half Part of the net Profits which should arise to the Corporation from their Establishment, which should remain after Payment of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum to the Proprietors on the Capital Stock, and all Salaries and other Expences attending the Institution, lay out such Moieties, as they should arise, after making such Deductions as aforesaid, in the Purchase of the Land Tax upon Houses, from Time to Time, until the Sum of Seven hundred thousand Pounds should have been so laid out as aforesaid, unless the Whole of the said Land Tax upon Houses should previously thereto, have been redeemed or sold; and that the said Corporation should be allowed to purchase the said Land Tax upon the same Terms and Conditions as the Owners of Lands then were, or thereafter might be entitled to redeem or purchase by the same or any future Act; and it is thereby further enacted, that a Provision should be inserted in the said Charter, that the said Corporation should, within Three Calendar Months after the Date of the said Charter, enter into a 4 sufficient Contract or Contracts, according to the Provisions of the several Acts then passed for the Redemption of the Land Tax, that the said Corporation should lay out and invest the Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds (Part of the said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds), in the Purchase of Land Tax on Houses, or Land Tax as provided by that Act; and that the said Corporation should, in such Contract or Contracts, 4 undertake that they would lay out and invest One hundred thousand Pounds (Part of the said Three hundred thousand Pounds), in the Purchase of the Land Tax on Houses, or Land Tax as aforesaid, within One Year after the Date of the said Charter; and that they would lay out One hundred thousand Pounds (other Part of the said Three hundred thousand Pounds),

in such Purchase as aforesaid, within Two Years after the Date of the said Charter; and that they would lay out One hundred thousand Pounds (Residue of the said Three hundred thousand Pounds), within Three Calendar Months next after the extraordinary or Capital Stock should be raised, as therein mentioned,

in the further Purchase of the Land Tax upon Houses, or Land Tax as aforesaid; and it is thereby further enacted, that if at any Time it should seem proper to the Lords of the Treasury,

on Representation made to them by the said Corporation, to empower the said Corporation to purchase Land Tax instead of Land Tax on Houses, Land Tax so purchased should be considered as an Equivalent for the Land Tax on Houses directed to be purchased by the said Act: And Whereas the said Charter hath not yet been granted by His Majesty: And Whereas it is expedient

that

708

C. 116.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

The investing, &c. of Money in purchase of Land Tax, under said Act, and the said Company’s Charter, regulated by this Act.

His Majesty may revoke Commissions to Persons for selling Land Tax, under former Acts, and grant Commissions to any other Persons who shall have the same Powers, &c.

19 G. 2. c. 28.

that the said several Sums of Money to be laid out and invested in the Purchase of Land Tax, according to the Condition upon which the said Corporation is by the said Charter to be created and established, should be laid out and invested in the Purchase of Land Tax, according to the Provisions of this Act;’ Be it therefore enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall, under the Provisions of the said last recited Act, and of the Charter to be granted in pursuance thereof, be laid out and invested in the Purchase of Land Tax upon Houses, or other Land Tax, as provided by the said Act, shall be so laid out and invested, and all Contracts thereby directed to be entered into for the Purchase of such Land Tax, shall be so entered into according to the Provisions of this Act; any Thing in the said last recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXCIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, at His or their Pleasure, to revoke the several Commissions already granted by virtue of the said first recited Act, or to be granted by virtue of this Act, to the several Persons therein and herein described, for the Purpose of selling the Land Tax in the several Counties, Ridings, Stewartries, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towms or Places in Great Britain, or any of such Commissions, and by Warrant under His Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, to grant any other Commission or Commissions to any other Persons whom His Majesty shall think fit, for the Purpose of selling the Land Tax, under the Provisions of this Act; and the Persons named in such new Commission or Commissions, (taking the Oath herein prescribed,) shall have and be invested with such and the same Powers and Authorities in relation to the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax in Great Britain, or such Part or Parts of Great Britain to which such new Commission or Commissions shall extend, as by this Act are given to and vested in the several Persons already appointed or to be appointed under the Provisions of the said recited Acts or of this Act, in relation to the Redemption or Sale of the Land Tax in the several Counties, Ridings, Stewartries, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns and Places, in or for which they are or shall be so appointed Commissioners as aforesaid; and all such Rules, Methods, Regulations and Directions as are herein prescribed in relation to the Redemption or Sale of the Land Tax, and the Powers for raising Money, or other Powers requisite or necessary to complete the same, under the Authority of the Commissions already granted or to be granted by His Majesty, by Warrant under His Royal Sign Manual, according to the Provisions of this Act, shall be observed, practised and put in Execution, in relation to any Redemption or Sale of the Land Tax, and to any of the aforesaid Powers requisite or necessary for completing the same, which shall be made or exercised under the Authority of any such new Commission or Commissions as aforesaid, in so far as such Rules, Methods, Regulations and Directions are respectively applicable thereto.

CC. And Whereas Doubts may arise by reason of the Provisions of an Act passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled Act for better regulating of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for such Cities and Totvns in that Part of Great Britain called

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 116. 709

England, as are Counties of themselves; and of another Act passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to remove certain Difficulties relative to Voters at County Elections, as to the Right of voting for the

i Election of Knights of the Shire, or other Members to serve in e Parliament, by Persons who may claim so tovo te in respect of Messuages, Lands or Tenements, the Land Tax charged whereon may have been redeemed Be it therefore enacted, That every Person who shall tender his Vote at the Election of any Knight or Knights of the Shire or other Member or Members, to serve in Parliament within that Part of Great Britain called England or the Principality of Wales, in respect of any Messuages, Lands or Tenements, of the Quality and Value which would by Law entitle him to vote at such Election, the Land Tax charged whereon shall have been redeemed or purchased, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be entitled to vote at any such Election as aforesaid without being compelled to shew that such Messuages, Lands or Tenements, have been assessed to the Land Tax, upon proving to the Satisfaction of the Returning Officer, on Oath or otherwise, that such Land Tax hath at any Time previously to such Election been redeemed or purchased, and the said Messuages, Lands or Tenements, become exonerated therefrom, under the Provisions of the said recited Acts for the Redemption of Land Tax or of this Act, the said recited Acts passed in the Nineteenth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, and in the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or any other Act or Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

Schedule (A.)

FORM of the Certificate of the Amount of the Land Tax, and the Lands upon whic is. A B. and C.D. Two of the Commissioners of Land Tax, acting for the Division of in

the County of do hereby certify, that the Lands

[briefy describing the Lands and Hereditaments are

charged with Land Tax to the Amount of [and if more

Parcels of Land Tax than One, repeat the ] and that

the Messuage and Lands [brief ydescribing the are charged

in like Manner to the Amount of making in the Whole

the Amount of

(B.)

FORM of the Certificate of the Contract for the Redemption of Land Tax, in Cases where the Consideration is proposed to be transferred in Stock.

T^NOW all Men, That we Two of the Commissioners appointed for the Purposes of an Act, intituled An Act [here insert the Title of the Act] for the do

hereby certify, that we have contracted and agreed with for the Redemption by him [her or them, as the Case may require] of Land Tax, being the Land Tax charged upon [here

describe the Premises as from the Certificate of the Commissioners 42 Geo. III. 3 A

20 G.5. c. 17.

Persons claiming to vote for Members of Parliament in England or Wales for Lands, the Land Tax whereon has been redemed, &c. may vote upon proving such Redemption.

C. 116.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

of Land Tax, or from the Schedule delivered the Party] and which Premises are assessed in the Assessment made tar the of in the of

for the \ ear as follows, videlicet; [ insert an exact Copy of such Parts of the Assessment as relate to the Premises before described], The Consideration is declared to be

Capital Stock in the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, or one of them, to be transferred to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, at the Bank of England, in the following Proportions, and at the following Times; videlicet, Stock on or before the Day

of Stock on or before the Day of

Stock on or before the Day of

Stock on or before the Day

of, <$-£. Sfc. &)C. with Interest, to be paid at the Time

of the Second and each subsequent Instalment, to the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of

equal to the Amount of the Land Tax redeemed, deducting therefrom a Sum bearing the same Proportion to such Land Tax, as the Amount of Stock transferred before the Time of each Payment bears to the whole Amount of Stock agreed to be transferred on such Contract.

(C.)

FORM of the Certificate of the Contract for the Redemption of Land Tax, in Cases tvhere the Consideration is proposed to be paid in Money to the Receiver

17 NOW all Men, That we Two of the Commissioners appointed for the Purposes of an Act, intituled An Act \_here insert the Title of the Act] for the do

hereby certify, that we have contracted and agreed with for the Redemption by him [her, or them, as the Case may require] of Land Tax, being the Land Tax charged upon

[here describe the Premises as from the Certificate of the Commissioners of Land Tax, or from the Schedule delivered by the Party] and which Premises are assessed in the Assessment made for the of in the commissioners for the

Year as follows, videlic[here insert an exact Copy

of such Parts of the Assessment as relate to the Premises before described]. The Consideration is declared to be so much of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be paid to the Receiver General or his Deputy [or Collector, as the Case may require,] for the said [County, Riding, Shire, &)C.~] of as will be sufficient for the Redemption of the said Land Tax, on the Day

of according to the Price of Stock, to be transmitted

to the said Receiver General [or Collector] in the Second Week subsequent to the Date hereof, and conformably to the Table in the Schedule to the said Act, and the Rules and Directions therein contained.

[If the Consideration is proposed to be paid by Instalments, the Land Tax to be redeemed must be divided into as many equal Parts as there are Instalments, the Fractions of Farthings to be added to the last Part, and in such Case.]

9 The

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 116.

711

The Consideration is declared to be so much of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be paid to the Receiver General, or his Deputy, [or Collector] for the said [ #c.] as

will be sufficient for the Redemption of Part

of the said Land Tax, on the Day of further Part of the said Land Tax, on the Day of further Part of the said Land Tax, on the Day of gC. further

Part of the said Land Tax, on the Day of

%c. Sfc. fyc. according to the Price of Stock; to be transmitted to the said Receiver General [or Collector] in the Second Week subsequent to the Date hereof, with respect to the Payment of the First Instalment, and with respect to the Payment of the second and every subsequent Instalment, according to the Price of Stock to be transmitted to such Receiver General [or Collector] in the Week preceding the said Days of Payment of such second and subsequent Instalments, and conformably to the Table in the Schedule to the said Act annexed, and the Rules and Directions therein contained, together with Interest to be paid at the Time of the second and each subsequent Instalment, to the said Receiver General [or Collector] equal to the Amount of the Land Tax redeemed, deducting therefrom a Sum bearing the same Proportion to such Land Tax as the Number of Instalments then before paid bears to the Number of Instalments agreed to be paid on such Contract.

(D.)

FORM of the Certificate of the Contract for the Purchase of Land Tax as a Fee Farm

ITNOW all Men, That we Two of the Commissioners appointed for the Purposes of an Act, intituled An Act [here insert the Title of the Act] for the do hereby

certify, that we have contracted and agreed with for the Sale to him [her, or them, as the Case may require] of Land Tax as a Fee Farm Rent, being the Land Tax charged upon [here describe the Premises as from the Certificate of the Commissioners of Land Tax]; and which Premises are assessed in the Assessment made for the of in the of

for the Year as follows, videlicet;

[here insert an exact Copy of such Parts of the Assessment as relate to the Premises before described]: The Consideration is declared to be, &c.

[pursue the same Forms as in the Contracts for the Redemption of Land Tax [varying only the Number of Instalments) and in Cases where the Land Tax shall be soldfor a Money Consideration, in one Sum, at a higher Price than the Price first offered, then add,] and also such further Sum of Money, in Addition to the said Consideration, as shall be equivalent to Pound

[or Pounds, as the Case may require] per Centum upon the Amount thereof; [and where the Consideration shall be by Instalments, then add after the Direction for Payment of the Consideration, and before the Directions respecting the Interest,] and also such further Sum in Addition to each Instalment as shall be equivalent to Pound [or Pounds, as the Case may require] per Centum upon the

3 A 2 Amount

712

C. 116.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Amount thereof; [ and inhere the Land Tax purchased shall he proposed to be paid out of any particul Part or Parts only of the Estate, add,] And we do order and direct that the Whole of the said Sum of £. shall in future be paid and borne as

a Fee Farm Rent, out of such Parts only of the said before mentioned Premises as are herein after described, videlicet de-

scribe the Premises out of which the Fee Farm Rent is to he

(E.)

FORM of the Certificate or Receipt to he indorsed on tract, in Cases where the Consideration is transferred Stock.

BANK of ENGLAND. Days when Stock was transferred. Amount of the Stock transferred. Name of the Receiver or Acceptor.

1st Instalment.

2d Instalment.

3d Instalment.

4?th Instalment.

&c. &c.

(F.)

FORM of the Certificate or Receipt to be indorsed on the

Contract, in Cases where the Consideration is paid to the Re-

ceiver General in Money.

Day of the actual Payment of the Consideration. Price of 31. per Cents. at which the Consideration is calculated. Amount of Money received. Name of the Receiver.

(G.)

FORM of Contract for Sale of Crown Lands belonging to the Duchy of Lancaster.

S~ GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God of the United L T Kingdom of Great Britain and, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, To all to whom these Presents shall come, greeting; Know ye, that we, in Consideration of the Sum of

paid into the Hands of our Receiver General of the Revenues of our Duchy of Lancaste, as appears by the Receipt of the Receiver General indorsed on these Presents, by and with the Advice and Consent of our Chancellor and Council of our said Duchy, do by these Presents grant, bargain, and sell unto A.B. his Heirs and Assigns, all {describe the, 8$c.] to have

and

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 116.

and to hold the said [Manors, &$c.] hereby bargained and sold, and all Benefits and Advantages thereto belonging, unto and to the Use.of the said A.B. his Heirs and Assigns, for ever: [In case

there be any subsisting Lease of the Manors, Sfc. Words to the following Effect are to be added: Subject nevertheless to the Term

and Interest in the said Manors, &c. by virtue of a Lease granted under the Seal of bearing Date on or about

unto for a Term of which will expire on

or about ].

In Witness whereof

(H.)

FORM of Certificates of Contracts made by the Surveyor General of the Land

By the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Land Revenue.

'T’HESE are to certify, That in pursuance of a Warrant from the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, bearing Date the Day of the said Surveyor General hath contracted and agreed with B. of for the Sale to the said A.B. of all [here describe the Premises to be s at or for the Price or Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be paid by the said A.B. into the Bank of England, and carried to the Account of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in case of any subsisting Lease, then the following Words to be added: Subject nevertheless to, here describing when and to whom such Lease was granted, for what Term of Years or Lives, and when the Term will expire, or which of the Lives are; and from and

immediately after the Payment of the said Sum in Manner aforesaid, and the Inrolment of this Certificate, and the Receipt for the said Purchase Money in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue for the County aforesaid [or, of the Clerk of the Pipe, as the Case may be] and thenceforth for ever the said A.B. and his [her or their] Heirs, Successors or Assigns, shall be adjudged, deemed and taken to be in the actual Seisin and Possession of the said Premises so by him [her or them] purchased, and shall hold and enjoy the same peaceably and quietly, and in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, might or could have held or enjoyed the same, by force and virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act [inserting the Title of this Act].

Given under the Hand of the said Surveyor General, the Day of Witness to the

signing by the said Surveyor General.

[The Witness to be One of the Clerks or other Officers in his Office.]

(10

FORM o/’Certificates of Contracts to be made by Surveyor General of the Duchy Cornwall.

By the Surveyor General of the Duchy of Cornwall. 'TVHESE are to certify, That by virtue of a Warrant from the 1 Council of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales and Duke

71*

C. 116.

*2° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

of Cornwall,the said Surveyor General hath contracted and agreed

with A.B. for the Sale to the said A. of all [ describe the

Premises or the Rent to be sold] at or for the Price or Sum of,

of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be paid by the said A.B. into the Bank of England, and carried to the Account of the Duchy of Cornwall [ and in case of any subsisting Lease or any Grant by Copy of Court Roll, then the following Words to be added: Subject nevertheless to, here describing when and to whom such Lease or Copy was granted, for what Term or Lives, and when the Term will expire, or which of the Lives are in being'] and from and immediately after the Payment of the said Sum in Manner aforesaid, and the Inrolment of this Certificate and the Receipt for the said Purchase Money in the Office of the Auditor of the Duchy of Cornwall;and thenceforth for ever the said A. and

his [her or their] Heirs, Successors or Assigns, shall be adjudged, deemed and taken to be in the actual Seisin and Possession of the said Premises [or, Rent, as the Case may be] so by him [her or them] purchased; [and where the Purchase shall be other than for a Rent, the following Words to be added .] And shall hold and enjoy the same peaceably and quietly, and in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Heirs or Successors, Dukes of Cornwall, might or could have held or enjoyed the same, by force and virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act [ inserting the Title of this Act].

Given under the Hand of the said Surveyor General of the Duchy of Cornwall, the Day of Witness

to the signing by the said Surveyor General.

[The Witness to be One of the Clerks or other Officers in his Office.]

(K.)

FORM of Cashier s Receipt.

DECEIVED the Day of of and from the above [or within] named A.B. the Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain, being the Consideration Money expressed in the above [or within] written Certificate.

Witness my Hand,

For the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

Cashier.

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III

C. 116.

715

( E. )

TABLE, shewing the several Sums payable for the Redemption or Purchase of LAND TAX, of the yearly Amounts denoted in the first Column, when the Three Pound* per Cent. Bank Annuities are at any Prices between 60 and Par, as denoted in the second and subsequent Columns.

Land Tax to be redeemed or purchased. 60 and under Cl. 61 and under 62- 62 and under 63. 1 63 and under 6 !. 64 and under 65. G5 and under 66.

4 0 0 5t 0 0 4 0 0 0 0 4 0 0 54 0 0 6

1 2 0 0 11 0 0 Hi 0 0 1 j 4 0 0 114 0 0 IJ4 0 I 0

0,) 4 7 0 1 4 4 0 1 5 0 1 54 0 1 4 0 1 6

D. i. 0 1 1 0 0 1 10t! 0 1 104 0 1 n 4 0 1 H* 0 2 0

2. 0 3 8i 0 3 9 0 3 94 0 3 10v 0 3 114 0 4 0

j. 0 5 61 0 5 74 0 5 84 0 5 10 0 5 11 0 6 0

4. 0 7 4 0 7 64 0 7 74 0 7 4 0 7 10* 0 8 0-4

5. 0 9 3 0 9 4| 0 9 64 0 9 84 0 9 104 0 1 0 04

6. 0 11 1 0 11 3$ 0 11 54 0 1 1 "4 0 11 10 0 12 04

7 0 12 11* 0 13 2 0 13 44 0 13 74 0 13 4 0 14 04

8. 0 14 9f 0 15 04 0 15 34 0 1 5 64 0 15 9i 0 16 0*

9 0 16 8 0 16 11* 0 17 2i 0 17 54 0 17 94 0 1 8 0*

10. 0 19 H 0 18 4 0 19 4 0 19 50 19 4 1 0 0$

11. 1 0 H 1 0 64 1 1 °4 1 1 44 1 1 4 1 2 0*

S. 1 1 o 1 2 7 1 2 ii4 1 3 34 1 3 84 1 4 04

2 2 4 H o 5 24 2 5 u 2 6 74 2 7 44 2 8 1$

3 3 6 84 3 7 3 8 10$ 3 9 111 3 11 1 3 12 24

4 4 8 11 4 10 44 4 11 10 4 13 3| 4 14 94 4 16 3

5 5 11 H 5 12 ni 5 14 94 5 16 7 5 18 54 6 0 34

6 6 13 4 6 15 6| 6 17 94 6 19 Hi 7 2 2 7 4 4

7 7 15 n 7 18 2 9 0 84 8 3 34 8 5 104 8 8 54

8 8 17 10 9 0 9 9 3 84 9 6 74 9 9 64 9 12 6

9 10 0 o4 10 3 44 10 6 74 10 9 11* 10 23 3 10 16 6

10 11 2 H 11 5 Hi 11 9 74 11 13 34 11 16 lU 12 0 7$

11 12 4 64 12 8 64 12 12 7 12 16 74 13 0 74 13 4 84

12 13 6 9 13 11 ii 13 15 64 13 19 n4 14 4 4 14 8 9

13. 14 8 114 14 13 H 14 18 6 15 3 34 15 8 04 15 12 94

14 15 11 H 15 16 4 16 1 16 6 74 16 11 64 16 16 io§

15 16 13 H 16 18 114 17 4 54 17 Q n4 17 15 54 18 0 114

16 17 15 8 18 1 64 18 7 44 18 13 3 18 19 1$ 19 5 0

17. 18 17 lOf 19 4 14 19 10 44 19 16 7 20 2 94 20 9 °4

18 20 0 20 6 64 20 13 3| 20 19 ll 21 6 21 13 1*

19. 21 2 44 21 9 34 21 16 34 22 3 3 22 10 24 22 17 24

£-i 22 4 7 22 11 ii 22 19 3 23 6 7 23 13 11 24 1 3

*2 44 9 2 45 3 10 45 18 6 1 46 13 2 47 7 10 48 2 6

3 66 13 9 67 15 9 68 17 9 69 19 9 71 i 9 72 3 9

4 88 19 4 90 7 8 91 17 0 93 6 4 94 15 8 96 5 0

5 111 o 11 112 19 7 114 16 3 116 12 11 118 9 7 120 6 3

6. 133 7 6 135 11 6 137 15 6 139 19 6 142 3 6 144 7 6

7 155 12 1 158 3 5 160 14 9 163 6 1 165 17 5 16^ 8 9

8 177 16 8 180 15 4 183 14 0 186 12 8 189 ll 4 192 10 0

9. 200 1 3 203 7 3 206 13 3 209 19 3 213 5 3 216 11 3

10. 222 5 10 22 5 19 2 229 12 6 233 5 10 236 19 2 240 12 6

‘20 444 1 1 8 451 18 4 459 6 3 A 4 0 4 466 11 8 473 18 4 481 5 0

716 C. 116

42°. GEO. III

A.D. 1802.

SCHEDULE (L.)—continued.

Land Tax to be redeemed or purchased. 66 and under 67- 67 and under 68. 68 and under 69. 69 and under 70. 7o and under 71. 71 and under 72.

f 0 0 6 0 0 0 0 6f 0 0 ef 0 0 64 0 0 6i

I 0 1 of 0 1 H 0 1 03 0 1 of 0 1 1 0 1 if

4 0 1 0 1 H 0 1 ef 0 1 74 0 1 7*1 0 1 7f

D. i 0 2 <4 0 2 of 0 2 0 2 H 0 2 2 0 2 2*

2 0 4 Of 0 4 H 0 4 2f 0 4 3 0 4 4f 0 4 44

3 0 6 *f 0 6 H 0 6 H 0 6 4 i 0 6 sf 0 6 6f

4 0 8 if 0 8 34 0 8 4 4 0 8 6f 0 8 n 0 8 9

5 0 10 2f 0 10 4 0 10 5f 0 10 7 3 0 10 9i 0 10 Ilf

6 0 12 22 0 12 4f 0 12 7 0 12 ef 0 12 ni 0 13

7 0 14 a 0 14 H 0 14 0 34 iof 0 15 if 0 15 4

8 0 16 34 0 36 0 16 9i 0 17 of 0 17 3f 0 l7 6

9 0 18 of 0 18 H 0 18 10^ 0 19 If 0 19 5 0 19 8f

10 1 0 4 f 1 0 8 1 0 Ilf 1 1 3f 1 1 7 1 1 iof

11 1 2 4 4 1 2 ef 1 3 of 1 3 4f 1 3 8f 1 4 1

S. i. 1 4 H 1 4 92 1 5 2 1 5 6f 1 5 iof 1 6 3f

2. 2 8 lof 2 9 7 2 10 4 2 11 of 2 11 9j 2 12 6f

3 3 13 32 3 14 4f 3 15 3 16 7 3 17 sf 3 18 9*

4. 4 17 8A 4 19 2^ 5 0 7f 5 2 if 5 3 7 5 5 of

5. 6 2 If 6 3 Ilf 6 5 Sf 6 7 7f 6 9 sf 6 11 3f

6. 7 6 7 7 8 9f 7 10 Ilf 7 13 2 7 15 4f 7 17 7

7. 8 11 0 8 13 6f 8 16 If 8 3 8 ej 9 1 3f 9 3 10

8. 9 15 sf 9 18 10 1 3f 10 4 a! 10 7 2 10 10 Jf

9. 10 19 lOf 11 3 2 11 6 H 1 1 9 ef 11 13 of H 16 4*

io; 12 4 3f 12 7 Ilf 12 1 1 H 32 15 3f T 2 18 113 13 2 7§

11. 13 8 8| 13 12 9 13 16 9f 14 0 9f 14 4 10f 14 8 10*

12. 14 13 1# 14 17 62 35 1 Ilf 15 6 44 15 30 9 15 3 5 if

13. 1 5 17 7 16 2 4f 36 7 If 16 11 1 of 16 16 7f 17 1 5

14. 17. 2 0 17 7 li 17 12 3f 37 17 5 3 8 2 6j 18 7 8

15. 18 6 H 18 li uf 18 37 5f I 39 2 Hf 39 8 sf 39 33 Hf

16 19 10 ic$ 19 16 20 2 7f 20 8 5? 20 34 4 21 0 2f

17. 20 15 21 1 62 21 7 9f 21 14 0* 22 0 -f 22 6 sf

18. 21 19 22 6 4 22 32 11 22 19 6f 23 6 If 23 12 8f

19. 23 4 23 11 23 18 1 24 5 Of 24 12 of 24 18 1 if

£.i. 24 8 7 24 15 11 25 3 3 25 10 7 25 17 11 26 5 3

2 48 17 2 49 11 10 50 6 6 51 1 2 51 15 10 52 10 6

3 73 5 9 74 7 9 75 9 9 76 11 9 77 13 9 78 15 9

4. 97 14 4 99 3 8 100 13 0 102, 2 4 103 11 8 105 1 0

5 122 2 11 123 19 7 125 16 3 127 12 11 129 9 7 131 6 3

6 146 11 6 148 15 6 150 19 6 153 3 6 155 7 6 157 11 6

7 * 171 0 1 173 11 5 176 2 9 178 14 1 81 5 5 183 16 9

8 195 8 8 198 7 4 201 6 0 204 4 8 207 3 4 210 2 0

9 219 17 3 223 3 3 226 9 3 229 15 3 133 1 3 236 7 3

10 244 5 10 247 19 2 251 12 6 255" 5 10 258 19 0 262 12 6

20 488 1 1 S 4 95 13 4 503 5 0 510 11 8 >17 3 8 4 525 5 0

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III.

717

C. 116.

SCHEDULE (L.)—continued.

Land Tax 72 73 74 73 76 77

to be redeemed or purchased. and under 73. and under .74 and under 73 and under 76 and under 77 and under 78

1 4 0 0 0 0 1 Cft I 1 0 0 6J 0 0 7 0 0 7 0 0 7

i 0 1 H 0 1 1l 0 1 If 0 1 if 0 1 2 0 1 2f

3 ? 0 1 8 0 1 8f 0 1 8| 0 1 CO 0 1 9 0 1 9f

D. i. 0 2 2| 0 2 3 0 2 3| 0 2 3| 0 2 4 0 0 <i

2. 0 4 H 0 4 6 0 4 6£ 0 4 H 0 4 8| 0 4 9

3. 0 6 8 0 6 9 0 6 10 0 6 n| 0 7 0| 0 7 i£

4. 0 8 10i 0 9 0 0 9 if 0 9 3 0 9 4§ 0 9 5f

5. 0 11 i| 0 11 3 0 1 1 H 0 11 6f 0 11 H 0 11 10|-

6. 0 13 3f 0 13 6 0 13 8| 0 13 10| 0 14 0 14 2

7 0 15 0 15 9 0 15 ni 0 16 2 0 16 4f 0 16 7f

8. 0 17 9 0 18 0 0 18 3 0 18 5f 0 18 sf 0 18 Hf

9. 0 19 Hi 1 0 3 1 0 6| 1 0 H 1 1 o| 1 1 H

10. 1 2 2 1 1 2 6 1 2 9i 1 3 H 1 3 1 3 si

11. 1 4 5 1 4 9 1 5 1 1 5 5 1 5 9 1 6 1

S. 1. 1 6 H 1 7 0 1 7 41 1 7 8| 1 8 1| 1 8 5i

2 2 13 3 2 14 0 <2 14 8| 2 15 5i 2 16 2| 2 16 11

3. 3 19 iof 4 0 Hi 4 2 1 4 3 2| 4 4 3* 4 5 4

4 5 6 H 5 7 11| 5 9 5 10 11 5 12 4| 5 13 io

5 6 13 if 6 14 ll| 6 16 9* 6 18 7f 7 0 H 7 2 3f

6. 7. 7 9 19 6 9f 4| 8 9 1 8 11| 8 9 4 11 0 64 qo cn 6 14 if 8 9 8 16 7 8 8 9 10 19 9f 2f

8 10 13 °i 10 15 "i 10 18 iof 37 U 1 10 11 4 9| 11 7 8f

9 11 19 8 12 2 ni 12 6 12 9 6! 12 12 io| 12 16 2

10 13 6 H 13 9 ni 13 13 7! 13 17 14 0 Hi 14 4 7i

11 14 12 11 14 16 ni 15 0 Hi 15 5 °l 15 0 9f 15 13 1

12 15 19 61 16 3 ni 16 8 4| 16 12 9 16 17 if 17 1 6f

13, 37 6 2I 17 10 n| 17 15 18 0 5f 1 S 5 3 18 10 of

14 18 12 H 18 17 ii| 19 3 1 19 8 oi 19 13 4 19 18 5

15 19 19 5| 20 4 H| 20 10 H 20 15 n| 21 1 5! 21 6 Hf

16 21 6 Cf 21 11 11| 21 17 H 22 3 8 22 9 6| 22 15 4

37. 22 12 8f 22 18 11| 23 5 23 11 4f 23 17 7| 24 3 iof

18 23 19 4 24 5 11 24 12 61 24 19 If 25 5 8| 25 12 4

25 5 Hi 25 12 11 25 19 10| 26 6 IO4 26 13 9f 27 0

. 26 12 7 26 19 11 27 7 3 27 14 7 28 1 11 28 9 3

2 53 5 *2 53 19 10 54 14 6 55 9 2 56 3 10 56 18 6

3 79 17 9" 80 19 9 82 1 9 83 3 9 84 5 9 85 7 9

4. 106 10 4 107 19 8 109 9 0 110 18 4 112 7 8 113 17 0

5. 133 2 11 134 19 7 136 16 3 138 12 11 140 9 7 142 6 3

6. 159 15 6 161 19 6 164 3 6 166 7 6 16S 11 6 170 15 6

7. 186 8 1 188 19 5 191 10 9 194 2 1 196 13 3 199 4 9

8. 213 0 8 215 19 4 218 18 0 221 16 8 224 15 4 22 7 14 0

9 -. 239 13 3 242 19 3 246 5 3 249 11 3 252 17 3 256 3 3

10 266 5 10 269 19 »2 273 12 6 277 5 10 280 19 2 2 84 12 6

20 j 532. 1 1 S 539 IS 4 547 5 0 5 54 11 S ;56l i IS 4 J569 5 0

423 GEO. III

A.D. 1802.

718 C. 116.

SCHEDULE (L.)—continued.

Land Tax to be redeemed or purchased. 78 and under 79 79 and under 60 80 and under 81 81 and under 82 82 and under 83 83 and under 84

4 0 0 7$ 0 0 T / 0 0 7$ 0 0 7$ 0 0 73 0 0 7*

0 1 0 1 2$ 0 1 23 0 1 3 0 1 H 0 1 H

3 0 1 n 0 1 10 0 1 10$ 0 1 10$ 0 1 io| 0 1 11

D. 1. 0 2 4* 0 2 Si 0 0 H 0 2 6 0 2 6| 0 2 6

a 0 4 H 0 4 10§ 0 4 0 4 11$ 0 5 of 0 5 1$

3 0 7 H 0 7 34 0 7 4f 0 7 5f 0 7 7 0 7 8

4. 0 9 7| 0 9 8f 0 9 ioJ 0 9 ll| 0 10 l| 0 10 2f

5. 0 12 oi 0 12 2 0 12 3$ 0 12 H 0 12 7$ 0 32 9

6. 0 14 5 0 34 7| 0 14 9* 0 14 n$ 0 15 if 0 15 4

7. 0 16 9 0 17 o| 0 17 3 0 17 5$ 0 17 8 0 i7 io

8 0 19 2f 0 19 5$ 0 19 8$ 0 19 11 $ 1 0 H 1 0

9 ► 1 1 ?$ 1 1 1 o| 1 2 2 1 2 H 1 2 8| 1 3 0

1 0 1 4 H 1 4 4 1 4 7f 1 4 n$ 1 5 3 1 5 H

ii 1 6 5 1 6 9| 1 7 U 1 7 1 7 9| 1 8 H

S. i 1 8 10 1 9 2? 1 9 6| 1 9 1 10 3$i 1 10 8

2 2 17 8 2 18 *i 2 19 1$ 2 19 i°$ 3 0 7 3 1 4

3 4 6 5| 4 7 7 4 8 H 4 9 9$ 4. 10 10$ 4 11 ll

4. 5 15 3f 5 16 92 5 19 3 5 19 8$ 6 1 24 6 2 7i

5. 7 4 H 7 5 n| 7 7 93 7 9 7| 7 11 5$ 7 13 3f

6 8 12 U| 8 15 2 8 17 4$ 8 19 7 9 1 n 9 3 ll

7. 10 1 9$ 10 4 45 10 6 Hi 10 9 6 10 12 0| 10 14 7$

8 11 10 7$ 11 13 64 11 16 6 H 19 H 12 2 H 12 5 3$

9. 12 19 H 13 2 9i 13 6 13 9 H 13 12 8 13 15 11$

10. 14 8 H 14 11 115 14 15 7 2 14 19 3$ 15 2 11$ 15 6 7$

11 15 17 H 16 1 1$ 16 5 2$ 16 9 ol 4 16 13 3 16 17 3$

12. 17 5 n$ 17 10 43 37 14 9 17 19 1$ 18 3 6$ 1 8 7 H$

13. 18 14 94 18 19 6$ 39 4 3f 19 9 1 19 13 i0| 19 18 7

34. 20 3 n 20 8 9 20 13 io$ 20 19 0 21 4 l| 21 9 31

15 21 12 4 21 17 111 22 3 22 8 n| 22 14 H 22 19 ll

16. 23 1 3i 23 7 13 23 13 0 23 18 1#$ 24 4 8f 24 10 7

17. 24 10 *i 24 16 4 25 2 6i 25 8 9^ 25 15 04 26 1 3

18 25 18 11 26 5 64 26 12 1$ 26 18 8f 27 5 4 27 11 11

19 ‘27 7 9 27 14 sl 28 1 8$ 28 8 7$ 28 15 7$ 29 2 7

£-i # 28 36 7 29 3 11 29 11 3 29 1 8 7 30 *> ll 30 13 3

n. 57 13 2 58 7 10 59 2 6 59 17 2 60 11 10 61 6 6

3 66 9 9 67 11 9 88 13 9 89 15 9 90 17 9 91 9 9

4. 115 6 4 116 15 8 118 5 0 119 14 4 121 3 8 122 13 4

5 144 2 11 145 19 7 147 16 3 149 12 11 151 9 7 153 6 3

6. 172 19 6 175 3 6 177 7 6 179 11 6 181 15 6 183 19 6

7. 201 16 1 204 7 5 206 18 9 209 10 1 212 1 5 214 12 9

8. 230 32 8 233 11 4 236 10 0 23 9 8 8 242 7 4 245 6 0

9,. 259 9 3 262 15 3 266 1 3 269 7 3 272 13 3 275 19 3

10. 288 5 10 291 39 2 295 12 6 299 5 10 302 19 2 306 12 6

2D 5 76 11 S 5 83 13 4 591 5 0 598 1 1 3 605 18 4 613 5 0

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III

C. 116.

719

SCHEDULE (L.) — continued.

Land Tax to be redeemed or purchased. 84 and under 85* 85 and under 86. 86 and under 87. 87 and under 88. 88 and under 89* 89 and under 90.

0 0 7f 0 0 73 0 0 8 0 0 8 0 0 8 0 0 8*

i 0 1 H 0 1 3f 0 1 4 0 1 4 0 1 4* 0 1 4*

i 0 1 ii* 0 1 113 0 1 Ilf 0 2 0 0 2 o* 0 2 of

D* i. 0 2 7 0 2 7* 0 2 7f 0 2 8* 0 2 8* 0 2 8f

2. 0 5 2 0 5 2f 0 5 H 0 5 4* 0 5 5 0 5 if

3. 0 7 9 0 7 10^ 0 7 ii* 0 8 o* 0 8 1* 0 8 2*

4. 0 10 4 0 10 5* 0 10 7 0 10 8* 0 10 10* 0 10 11*

5. 0 12 m 0 13 i 0 13 2f 0 13 4f 0 13 6* 0 13 8*

6. 0 15 H 0 15 8* 0 15 io* 0 16 of 0 16 3 0 16 i*

7 0 18 i* 0 18 33 0 18 6* 0 18 9 0 18 11* 0 19 2

8. 1 0 H 1 0 ii* 1 1 2 1 1 5 1 1 8 1 1 11

9. 1 3 H 1 3 6* 1 3 93 1 4 1* 1 4 4* 1 4 7f

10. 1 5 i<4 1 6 2 1 6 1 6 9* 1 7 1 1 7 4f

11. 1 8 5* 1 8 9* 1 9 1* 1 9 5* 1 9 9* 1 10

S. i. 1 11 o* 1 11 43 1 11 9* 1 12 1* 1 12 6 1 12 io*

2 3 2 Of 3 2 H 3 3 6* 3 4 3 3 5 0 3 5 8f

3 4 13 1 4 14 H 4 15 H 4 16 4f 4 17 if 4 18 7

4. 6 4 6 5 7 6 7 0* 6 8 H 6 9 Ilf 6 11 5*

5 7 15 If 7 16 Hf 7 18 9f 8 0 7f 8 2 if 8 4 3*

6 9 6 O 9 8 4* 9 .10 7 9 12 9* 9 14 Ilf 9 17 2

7 10 17 ol 10 19 n 11 2 4 11 4 io£ 11 7 if 11 10 o*

8 12 8 ol 12 11 0 12 14 1* 12 17 0* 12 19 13 2 iof

9 13 19 3* 14 2 63 14 5 10* 14 9 2 14 12 H 14 15 9*

10 15 10 3* 15 13 n* 15 17 7* 16 1 3* 16 4 n* 16 8 74

11. 17 1 3f 17 5 4* 17 9 «f 17 13 5 17 17 5 1 a 18 1 if

12. 18 12 4* 18 16 9 19 1 if 19 5 6* 19 9 iu 19 14 4*

13 20 3 4* 20 8 If 20 12 11 20 17 8* 21 2 5* 21 7 2*

14 21 14 5 21 19 6* 22 4 8 22 9 9f 22 14 I1* 23 0 1

15 23 5 5* 23 10 11* 23 16 H 24 1 11* 24 7 5* 24 12 11*

16 24 16 i* 25 2 4 25 8 H 25 14 Of 25 19 n* 26 5 9*

17 26 7 6 26 13 8| 26 19 ii* 27 6 2* 27 12 i* 27 18 8

18 27 1 8 6f 28 5 1* 28 11 8f 28 18 4 29 4 11 29 11 6*

19. 29 9 6f 29 16 6* 30 3 if 30 10 5* 30 17 5 31 4 4f

£.1. 31 0 7 31 7 11 31 15 3 32 2 7 32 9 11 32 17 9

2 62 1 2 62 15 10 63 10 6 64 5 2 64 19 10 65 14 6

3 93 1 9 94 3 9 95 5 9 96 7 9 97 9 9 98 n 9

4. 124 2 4 125 11 8 127 1 0 128 10 4 129 19 8 131 9 0

5 155 2 11 156 19 7 158 16 3 160 12 11 162 9 7 164 6 3

6 186 '3 6 188 7 6 190 11 6 192 15 6 194 19 6 197 3 6

7 -. 217 4 1 219 15 5 222 6 9 224 18 1 227 9 5 230 0 9

8. 248 4 8 251 3 4 2 54 2 0 257 0 8 259 19 4 262 18 0

9. 279 5 3 282 11 3 285 17 3 2 89 3 3 292 9 3 295 15 3

10. 310 5 10 313 19 2 317 12 6 321 5 10 324 19 2 328 12 6

to,. 620 11 3 627 IS 4 635 5 0 .642 11 8 649 18 4 657 5 0

720

C. 116

42° GEO. III

A.D. 1802.

SCHEDULE (L.) —continued.

Land Tax to be redeemed or purchased. 90 and under 91. 91 and under 92. 92 and under 93. 93 and under 94. 94 and under 95* 95 and under 96*

i H 0 0 64 0 0 8A 0 0 81 0 0 8* 0 0 Sf 0 0 8f

4 0 1 4 0 1 4l 0 1 5 0 1 *4 0 1 54 0 1 5 2

4 0 o 1 0 0 U 0 2 l.A 0 0 If 0 2 2 0 2 0 1 - 4

D. 1 - 0 2 H 0 2 94 0 0 10 0 2 10 0 2 iof 0 0 11

O 0 5 (>T- 0 5 74 0 5 8 0 5 sf 0 5 9} 0 5 lOf

3. 0 8 H 0 8 4f 0 8 6 0 8 7 0 8 8 0 8 94

4. 0 11 i 0 11 H 0 11 3| 0 11 54 0 11 6f 0 11 84

5. 0 13 104 0 14 0 0 14 14 0 14 3 0 14 5-2 0 14 74

6. 0 16 n 0 16 H 0 16 iH 0 17 2 0 17 44 0 17 64

7 0 19 41 0 19 74 0 19 94 1 0 0 1 0 2f 1 0

8. 1 2 I? 1 2 44 1 0 74 1 2 lOf 1 3 1 3 4

9 1 4 11 1 5 24 1 5 1 5 9 1 6 °4 1 6 H;

10. 1 7 84 1 8 0 1 8 1 8 7* 1 8 11 1 9 4

ii. 1 10 5A 1 10 9 A 1 11 1 11 *2 1 11 9f 1 12 if.

S.i 1 13 2| 1 13 74 1 13 Hi 1 14 4 1 14 34 1 15 of

2 3 6 5 A 3 7 24 3 7 11 3 8 8 3 9 4f 3 10 U-

3 4 19 84 5 0 94 5 1 i°4 5 2 Ilf 5 4 1 5 5 24

4 6 12 11 6 14 4* 6 15 i°4 6 17 ->3 6 38 9i 7 0 3

5 8 6 1# 8 7 1 H 8 9 94 8 11 ' 4 8 13 5f 8 1 5 3f

6 9 19 4* 10 1 7 10 3 94 10 5 Ilf 10 8 2 10 10 44

7 11 12 74 11 15 2 11 17 84 12 0 3f 12 2 104 12 5 5 4

8 13 5 10 13 8 94 13 1 1 H 13 14 7| 13 17 6f 14 0 6

9 14 19 of 15 2 44 15 5 8 15 8 114 15 12 3f 15 15 6f

10 16 12 34 16 15 Hi 16 19 7* 17 3 3l 17 6 1]2 17 10 7§

11 18 5 64 18 9 H 18 13 7 18 3 7 74 ] 9 1 7f 19 5 8 4

12 19 18 9 20 3 20 7 20 11 114 20 16 u 21 0 9

13 21 1 1 ]G3 21 16 9 22 1 64 22 6 37 22 1 1 <4 2 2 15 9f

14 23 5 2A 23 10 4 23 15 54 24 0 7 f 24 5 9 24 10 10-4

1 5 24 18 54 25 3 25 9 54 25 14 Ilf 26 0 54 26 5 114

16 26 J 1 8 26 17 H 27 3 44 97 9 34 27 15 H 28 1 0

37 28 4 28. 1 1 28 17 44 29 3 74 29 9 10 29 16 Of

18 29 18 30 4 8-:f 30 1 I 4. 30 17 11 31 4 64 3 1 1 I Uj

19 31 11 J4 31 18 34 32 5 3 2 32 1 2 3 32 19 ol "*4 33 6 -i

£.i. 33 4 7 33 11 11 33 19 3 34 6 7 34 33 11 35 1 3

2 66 9 2 67 3 10 67 IS 6 68 13 2 69 7 10 70 2 6

3. 99 13 9 100 15 9 401 17 9 102 19 9 104 1 9 105 3 9

4. 132 18 4 134 7 8 135 17 0 137 6 4 138 1 5 8 140 5 0

5 # 166 2 11 167 19 7 169 16 3 L71 12 11 173 9 7 175 6 3

6. 199 7 6 201 11 6 203 15 6 205 19 6 208 3 6 210 7 6

7 232 12 1 235 3 5 237 14 9 240 6 1 242 37 5 245 8 9

8. 265 16 S 26S 15 4 271 14 0 274 12 8 277 11 4 2 80 10 0

9. 299 1 3 302 7 3 305 13 3 308 19 3 312 5 3 315 11 3

10. 332 5 10 33 5 19 2 339 12 6 343 5 10 346 19 2 350 12 6

20. 664 11 S 671 18 4 8/9 5 0 686 11 8 693 IS 4 701 5 0

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III

C. 11G.

21

SCHEDULE (L.) — continued.

Land Tax to be redeemed or purchased. 96 and under 97- 97 and under 98 98 and under 99 99 and under 100 100 and under 101

f 0 0 8f 0 0 9 0 0 9 0 0 9f 0 0 9f

RULE FOR THE USE OF

f 0 i *f 0 1 6 0 1 6 0 1 6f 0 1 of THE FOREGOING TABLE.

f 0' 2 0 2 H 0 2 3 0 2 3f 0 2 of

D. 1 0 2 nf 0 2 nf 0 3 of 0 3 of 0 3 1 Let it be proposed to

2. 0 5 lOf 0 5 ui 0 6 of 0 6 1 0 6 if ascertain from this Table

3 0 8 iof 0 8 uf 0 9 Of 0 9 if 0 9 2f what Sum of Money is

4 0 11 9f 0 11 nf 0 12 Of 0 12 2 0 12 of to be paid for redeeming

5 0 14 9i 0 14 i i 0 15 Of 0 15 2f 0 15 4f or purchasing a Land

6 0 17 8i 0 17 10| 0 18 1 0 18 3f 0 18 5f Tax of ^.17 16s. llfd.

7. 1 0 8 1 0 iof 1 1 If 1 1 3f 1 1 of when the Price of £?>.

8 1 3 7f 1 3 iof 1 4 If 1 4 4f 1 4 7f per Cent. Bank Annui-

9. 1 6 6f 1 6 i°f 1 7 If 1 7 4f 1 7 8 ties transmitted to the

10 1 9 6f 1 9 10 1 10 If 1 10 5f 1 10 9 Receivers General shall

11 1 12 1 12 9i 1 13 If 1 13 5f 1 13 9f be 70 and under 71.

S. l 1 15 5$ 1 15 1 16 2 1 16 61 1 16 lOf In the Column deno-

2. 3 10 lOf 3 LI 7 3 12 4 3 13 of 3 13 9f minated

3. 5 6 H 5 7 4f 5 8 5 9 7 5 10 8f 70

4 7 1 H 7 3 ‘2f 7 4 7f 7 6 if 7 7 7 and under

5. 8 17 if 8 18 Hf 9 0 9f 9 2 7f 9 4 5f 71,

6 10 12 7 10 14 H 10 1 6 Ilf 10 19 2 11 1

7. 12 8 0 12 10 6f 12 13 if 12 15 8f 12 18 of £. s. </. £ s. d.

8 14 3 H 14 6 4i 14 9 3± 14 12 2f 14 15 2 10 0 0 - 258 19 2

9 15 18 iof 16 ‘2 2 16 5 5f 16 8 9f 16 12 of 7 0 0 - 181 55

10 17 14 of 17 17 Ilf 18 1 7f 18 5 of 18 8 Hf 0 16 0 - 20 14 4

11 19 9 si 19 13 9 19 17 9 20 1 9f 20 5 i of 0 0 11 - 1 3 8f

12. 21 5 if 21 9 6i 21 13 Hf 21 18 4f 22 2 9 0 0 0f- 0 1 7£

13 23 0 7 23 5 4f 23 10 If 23 14 10f 23 19 -7f

14 24 16 0 25 1 If 25 6 3f 25 11 5 25 16 Of 17 16 Ilf 462 4 3f

1 5 26 11 5f 26 16 Hf 27 2 5f 27 7 Ilf 27 13 5f

16 28 6 i°f 28 12 H 28 18 7f 29 4 5f 29 10 4

l 7 30 2 of 30 8 H 30 14 H 31 1 0 31 7 2f Amount of Money to

IS 31 17 s| 32 4 4 32 10 ii 32 17 of 33 4 If be paid for the Re-

19 33 13 if 34 0 if 34 7 i 34 14 Of 35 1 of demption or Purchase

is £.462 4s. Sfd.

£.\ 35 8 7 35 15 11 36 3 3 36 10 7 36 17 11

2 70 17 2 71 11 10 72 6 6 73 1 2 73 1 5 10

3. 106 5 9 107 7 9 108 9 9 109 11 9 no 13 9

4. 141 14 4 143 3 8 144 13 0 146 2 4 147 11 8

5 177 2 11 178 19 7 180 16 3 ] 82 12 n 184 9 7

6. 212 11 6 214 15 6 216 19 6 219 3 6 221 7 6

7. 248 0 1 250 11 5 253 2 9 255 14 i 258 5 5

8 283 8 8 286 7 4 289 6 0 292 4 8 295 3 4

9. 318 17 3 322 3 3 325 9 3 328 15 3 332 1 3

10. 354 5 10 357 19 2 361 12 6 365 5 10 368 19 2

20 708 11 8 715 18 4 723 5 0 730 1 1 8 737 18 4

722

C. 117, 118.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers at all Times subject to Mutiny Act, and to Courts Martial, though Regiment not embodied.

Colonel, &c. may order Officers of Regiment resident within Five Miles to attend Courts Martial, &c.

Sentence confirmed by Colonel, &c.

Serjeants, &c. may be reduced to Privates, to serve for a limited Time.

CAP. CXVII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Goods imported into and exported from Ireland.

[28th June 1802.] [Repealed 44 G. 3. c. 26. § 1.]

CAP. CXVIII.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of Ireland, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three; and for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, for Offences committed during the Time such Militia shall not be embodied.

[28th June 1802.]

X. AND be it further enacted, That every Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major and Drummer of the Militia of Ireland, shall be at all Times subject to any Act which shall be in force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and to the Articles of War, under the Command of the Colonel or other Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he belongs; and it shall be lawful for the Colonel or other Commandant of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia to direct the holding of Courts Martial as herein after directed for the Trial of any Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major or Drummer of such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, by either a General or Regimental Court Martial, for any Offence against the said Act or Articles of War, committed during the Time such Regiment, Battalion or Corps shall not be embodied; but so that no Punishment shall extend to the Loss of Life or Limb.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Colonel or other Commandant, and in his Absence for the Senior Field Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which the Person on whom such Court Martial is to be held shall belong, to order any Officers of the Militia of the County, Riding or Place to which such Regiment, Battalion or Corps shall belong, actually resident within the Town where such Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major or Drummer is to be tried, or within Five Miles thereof, to attend and assist as Members of such Court Martial, who shall thereupon attend at the Time required, and assist accordingly; but no Officer shall be entitled to receive Pay for any such Attendance: Provided always, that no Sentence of any Court Martial, held as aforesaid, on any Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, Drum Major or Drummer, shall be put in Execution until it shall have been confirmed by the Colonel or other Commandant, or by the Field Officer by whose Order such Court Martial was assembled.

XII. And be it further enacted, That any Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer of the Militia may, by Sentence of a Court Martial, be reduced to the Condition of a Private Militia Man, to serve as such during any Time not exceeding Fifteen Months, in case the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he belongs shall not be then

embodied

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 118, 119.

*723

embodied or called oat into actual Service; and in case the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he belongs shall be then embodied, or called out into actual Service, to serve as aforesaid until the disembodying of the said Regiment, Battalion or Corps; after which Time, or at the End of the said Fifteen Months, as the Case may be, if not regularly reappointed to the Rank of a Non Commissioned Officer or Drummer, he shall be discharged from the Service.

XIII. And be it enacted, That this Act may be varied, altered or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. CXIX.

An Act to suppress certain Games and Lotteries not authorized by Law.

[28th 1802.]

WHEREAS evil disposed Persons do frequently resort to Publick Houses and other Places, to set up certain mischievous Games or Lotteries, called Little, and to induce Servants, Children and unwary Persons to play at the said

Games; and thereby most fraudently obtain great Sums of Money from Servants, Children and unwary Persons, to the great Impoverishment and utter Ruin of many Families For Remedy whereof, be it enacted, by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all such Games or Lotteries, called Little Goes, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be deemed and are hereby declared common and publick Nuisances, and against Law.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and two, no Person or Persons whatsoever shall publickly or privately keep any Office or Place to exercise, keep open, shew or expose to be played, drawn or thrown at or in, either by Dice, Lots, Cards, Balls or by Numbers or Figures, or by any other Way, Contrivance or Device whatsoever, any Game or Lottery called a Little Goe, or any other Lottery whatsoever not authorized by Parliament, or shall knowingly suffer to be exercised, kept open, shewn or exposed to be played, drawn or thrown at or in, either by Dice, Lots, Cards, Balls, or by Numbers or Figures, or by any other Way, Contrivance or Device whatsoever, any such Game or Lottery in his or her House, Room or Place (a), upon Pain of forfeiting for every such Offence, the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to be recovered in the Court of Exchequer, at the Suit of His Majesty's Attorney General, and to be to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; and every Person so offending shall be deemed a Rogue and Vagabond, within the true Intent and Meaning of an Act passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act to amend and make more effectual the Laxos relating to Rogues, Vagabonds and other idle and disorderly Persons, and to Houses of, and shall be punishable as such Rogue and Vagabond accordingly. (a) [

Meaning of the Word Place declared 59 G.3. c. 65. §7.]

Act may be altered or repealed this Session.

Little Goes declared publick Nuisances.

Persons keeping any Office or Place for any Game or Lottery not authorized by Law, &c.

Penalty 5001.,

and deemed Rogues and Vagabonds. 17 G. 2. c. 5

724

C. 119.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Offenders not proceeded against for Penalty, punishable as Rogues and Vagabonds under 17 G. 2. c. 5. and 27 G. 3. c. 1.

Justice, on Information, may authorize Persons to break open Doors of Places (if at Night, with a Peace Officer,) where such Offences are committed, and apprehend Offenders, &c.

Obstruction Persons in the Execution of their Duty.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Person so offending against this Act in Manner herein-before mentioned, against whom no Information shall have been made as aforesaid, shall be deemed a Rogue and Vagabond, within the true Intent and Meaning of an Act passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act to amend and make more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds and other idle and disorderly Persons, and to Houses off Correction; and also of another Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to render more effectual the Laws now in being ffor suppressing unlawffulLotteries; and shall be punishable as such

Rogue and Vagabond, according to the said Acts and this Act.

[See § 7. post.']

IV. And be it further enacted, That upon Complaint or Information made upon Oath before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, of any Offence committed against this Act in any House or Place within the Jurisdiction of any such Justice or Justices, whereby any of the Offenders may be liable to Punishment as Rogues and Vagabonds, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice or Justices before whom such Oath shall be taken, if he or they shall judge it reasonable, by Special Warrant under his or their respective Hands and Seals, to authorize and empower any Person or Persons, by Day or by Night (but if in the Night Time, then in the Presence of a Constable or other lawful Officer of the Peace, who are hereby required to be aiding or assisting the rein,) to break open the Doors or any Part of such House or Place where such Offence shall have been committed, and to enter into such House or Place, and to seize and apprehend all such Offenders and all other Persons who shall be discovered in such House or Place, and who shall have knowingly aided or assisted, or been anyways concerned with any such Offender or Offenders in committing such Offence, and to convey them before any Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty or Place wherein such Persons shall be so apprehended, to be dealt with according to Law as aforesaid; and all Persons who shall be discovered in such House or Place knowingly aiding, assisting or anyways concerned with such Offender or Offenders in the carrying on any Transactions respecting the said Little Goes or Lotteries, or either of them, shall be deemed Rogues and Vagabonds, and punishable in like Manner as is directed by the said recited Act of the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second; and it shall and may be lawful for the Officer or Officers having the Execution of such Warrant, and all other Persons acting in his or their Aid or Assistance, to stop, arrest and detain all and every the Person and Persons so discovered in such House or Place, and to convey the said Person and Persons before such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons shall forcibly obstruct, oppose, molest or hinder any such Officer or Officers, or others acting in his or their Aid or Assistance, in the due Execution of their Duty, or in the due entering into such House or Place, or in the seizing, detaining or conveying before such Justice or Justices any such Offenders, or other Persons as aforesaid, every such Person

so

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 119.

725

so obstructing, opposing, molesting or hindering as aforesaid, shall be deemed an Offender against Law and the publick Peace, and the Court before whom any such Offender shall be tried and convicted shall and may order such Offender to be fined, imprisoned and publickly whipped, as in their Discretion shall be thought fit; and all Persons, although not discovered in such House or Place as aforesaid, who shall employ or cause to be employed any Person or Persons in carrying on any of the Transactions aforesaid, or in aiding or assisting any such Person or Persons, shall be deemed Rogues and Vagabonds, and shall be punishable in like Manner as is directed by an Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Person or Persons whatever shall, on or under any Pretence, Device, Form, Denomination or Description whatsoever, promise or agree to pay any Sum or Sums, or to deliver any Goods, or to do or forbear doing any Thing for the Benefit of any Person or Persons, whether with or without Consideration, on any Event or Contingency relative or applicable to the drawing of any Ticket or Tickets, Lot or Lots, Numbers or Figures, in any such Game or Lottery, or to publish any Proposal for any of the Purposes aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons shall offend in any of the Matters aforesaid, he, she or they shall, for every Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person whatever to apprehend on the Spot any Person or Persons so offending, and to convey or cause to be conveyed before any Magistrate or Justice of the Peace residing near the Place where such Offence shall be committed, the Person or Persons so apprehended, to be proceeded against under this Act; and when any Person or Persons shall be apprehended or brought before any Magistrate or Justice aforesaid for any such Offence, it shall be lawful for such Magistrate or Justice to proceed to examine into the Circumstances of the Case, and upon due Proof upon Oath or solemn Affirmation of any such Offence committed against this Act, to give Judgment or Sentence accordingly; and where the Party accused shall be convicted of such Offence, and such Penalty shall not be immediately paid, to commit such Offender to Prison for any Space of Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, nor less than One Calendar Month, without Bail or Mainprize, and without Appeal, or until such Penalty shall be satisfied; and every such Penalty, when paid upon Conviction, shall go and be applied, One Third thereof to His Majesty, One Third thereof to the Use of the Informer or Informers, and the other Third thereof to the Person or Persons apprehending or securing such Offender or Offenders.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the pass-

ing of this Act, all Pains, Forfeitures, Fines and Penalties, and all Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Exemptions and Exceptions, Clauses, Matters and Things, contained in an Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, Act to render more effectual the Lam notv in being for suppressing, shall extend and be deemed, construed and taken to extend, and shall

4?2 Geo. III. 3 B apply

[Penalty.]

Persons employing others, deemed Rogues and Vagabonds.

Agreeing to pay Money,

&c. on Event relative to Lottery, or publishing Proposal;

Penalty ] OOl.

Offenders may be apprehended on the Spot and carried before Justice,

If Penalty not paid, committed, without Appeal.

Application of Penalty.

27 G. 3. c.l. extended to this Act, and c. 54. ante.

720

C. 119, 120.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

In Action for executing Act.

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

Towards the Supply for Great Britain for 1S02, 4,500,000l. may be applied out of the British Consolidated Fund.

apply and be in full Force, and put in Execution in all Cases and for all Purposes as to all the Provisions of this Act, and of another Act passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled, Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries in all Cases where no special or different Provision is made by this or the said last recited Act, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Act, and all Pains, Forfeitures, Fines and Penalties, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Exemptions, Exceptions, Clauses, Matters and Things contained and enacted therein, were particularly and expressly repeated and reenacted in the Body of this present Act, and had been repeated and enacted in the Body of the said recited Act of this Session of Parliament.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Sheriff’s Officer, or other Person or Persons, shall be sued, molested or prosecuted, for any Thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, such Sheriff’s Officer, or other Person or Persons, shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence in his, her, or their Defence or Defences; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her or their Action or Prosecution, or be non-suited, or Judgment shall be given against him, her or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have treble Costs awarded to him, her or them, against any such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. CXX.

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the respective Consolidated Funds of Great Britain and Ireland; for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and two; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[28th June 1802.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

4 \lt/E>your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies which we have cheerfully granted to your Majesty in 4this Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the Sums herein after mentioned: and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by The King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That by or out of such Monies as shall from Time to Time be and remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer of Great Britain of the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sum or Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same, there shall and may be issued and applied for and towards making good the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One Thousand eight hundred

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. II

C. 120.

727

hundred and two, a Sura not exceeding Four millions five hundred thousand Pounds; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury now or for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, are or is hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

" Also 99,886/. 4>s. 8 d.remaining in the Exchequer from Grant " to assist Portugal in 1801. § 2.— " Also 114000l. 65. 11*/. Sur-

" plus of Grants for 1801. § 3.

IV. And be it further enacted, That by or out of such Monies as shall from Time to Time be and remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland of the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sum or Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same, there shall and may be issued and applied for and towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and two, a Sum not exceeding Six hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds Irish Currency; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury of Ireland now or for the Time being, or any three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, are or is hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

" And also 39,329/. 18s. 8 id.Irish, remaining in the Treasury of " Grant for raising Men in 1795. § 5.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That all the Monies coming into the Exchequer of Great Britain, either by Loans or Exchequer Bills, upon one Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and two; and so much Money, if any such be, of the Duties thereby granted, as shall arise or remain after all the Loans or Exchequer Bills made or to be made on the same Act, and all the Interest, Premium, Rate and Charges thereon, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved in the said Exchequer to satisfy and discharge the same; and also all the Monies coming into the said Exchequer, or to be raised by Exchequer Bills, by virtue of one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates England, Wales and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed; and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and two, not exceeding the Sum of two Millions; and also so much of the Monies coming into the said Exchequer by Contributions for Annuities granted by one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for the

Sum of Twenty fve millions by Way of Annuities, as shall remain after the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain shall (according to the Directions of the said Act) have remitted to the Exchequer of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, any Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Two millions; and also so much of the Monies coming into the said Exchequer of Great Britain by Contributions for Lotteries, granted by one other Act of this Session of Parliament,

3 B 2 intituled

Towards the Supply for Ireland for 1802, 650,0001, Irish out of the Irish consolidated Fund.

Monies raised for the Sendee of Great Britain by the Malt Act 1802, c. 1. ante: by Duty on Pensions, &c. under c. 2. ante, not exceeding 2,000,000l.;

by Annuities under c. 33. ante, (after Re. mittance to Ireland of 2,000,000l.);

by Lotteries, under c. 54. ante, after Remittance to

0,120.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

728

Ireland of 485,000l. (under said c. 54, &c. 104. § 4.)

the said

99,8861. 4s 8d. of Grant to Portugal [ante

§ s.];

the said 114,000l. 6s.

1 Id. Surplus of Grants for 1801, and other Sums herein mentioned, issued and applied as bere-after expressed.

Monies coining into Irish Exchequer from Annuities under c. 33. ante, and other Monies herein mentioned, carried to Irish Consolidated lrund,

and with said 650,0001- Irish out of that Fund, and said 59;329l. 18s.

intituled An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of

Money to be raised by Lotteries, as shall remain after the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain shall (according to the Directions of the said Act or any other Act passed in this Session of Parliament) have remitted to the Exchequer of that Part of the United Kingdom called any Sums

of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Four hundred and eighty live thousand Pounds; and also the said Sum of Ninety nine thousand eight hundred and eighty six Pounds four Shillings and eight Pence, remaining in the Exchequer of the Sum granted by Parliament in the Year One thousand eight hundred and one, for enabling His Majesty to afford such Assistance to the Queen of Portugal as might enable her Majesty to take such Measures for the Defence of her Dominions against her Enemies as the Exigencies of Affairs might appear to require; and also the said Sum of One hundred and fourteen thousand Pounds six Shillings and eleven Pence, being the Surplus of the Grants for the Year One thousand eight hundred and one; and also the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds granted by one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for Year One thousand eight hundred and three: and also the Sum of Five millions grantee! by one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for raising the Sum of Five millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and three; and also the said Sum of Four millions five hundred thousand Pounds by this Act granted out of the Monies that shall arise of the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, shall be further appropriated, and are hereby appropriated, and shall be issued and applied for and towards the several Uses and Purposes hereafter expressed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies coming into the Exchequer of Ireland in pursuance of an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for raising the Sum five

millions by way of Annuities; and also all the Monies coming into the said Exchequer in pursuance of another Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries; and also all the Monies coming into the said Exchequer in pursuance of another Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities or Debentures, for the Service of Ireland; and also all the Monies coming into the said Exchequer in pursuance of another Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to require Persons licensed to keep Lottery Offices in Ireland to divide into Shares a certain Number of whole Lottery Tickets; and for empowering the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain to remit to the Exchequer of Ireland a certain Sum of Money out of the Contributions for Lotteries, shall be carried to and made part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, and together with the Sum of Six hundred and fifty thousand Pounds Irish Currency, out of the Monies that shall arise of the Surplus of the said Consolidated Fund of Ireland, and also

the Sum of Thirty nine thousand three hundred and twenty nine

9 Pounds

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 120.

729

Pounds eighteen Shillings and eight Pence Halfpenny Currency, remaining in the Treasury of Ireland of the Sum granted in One thousand seven hundred and ninety five for defraying the Charge of raising Men in Ireland for manning the Fleet, shall be and the same are hereby appropriated, and shall be issued and applied for and towards the several Uses herein after expressed.

VIII. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, there shall and may be issued and applied, &c.

£ 11,833,573 12.y. 6d. for Naval Services, viz,

721,500 For Wages of 130,000 Men, in-" eluding 30,000 Marines, at 1/.

17 s. per Manner Month,

1,741,000 Their Victualling at 1/. 186'. - For three Lu-

170.000 Wear and Tear of Ships, at SI. nar Months,

97,500 Ordnance, at 5s. commencing

210,604 Ordinary of the Navy, - - January 1,

233,633 Extraordinary of Ditto, - 1802.

360.000 Transport Service and Prisoners in Plealth, ......

28,000 Sick Prisoners, ......

481,000Z. 494,000l. 780,000l. 65,000l. 140,403/. 155,756/. 240,000l. and 15,000l. for the like Services for the same Number of Men for two Lunar Months, commencing 26th 1802.—162,800l.

167,200l. 264,000l. 22,000l. 70,201/. 77,878/. 109,000l. and 3,000l. for the like Services for 88,000 Men, including 18,000 Marines, for one Lunar Month, commencing 21st and 22nd May.—906,500l. 931,000l. 1,470,000l. 122,500l. 637,316/. 17 306,233/. 608,548/.

156. Id. and 1,200l. for the like Services for 70,000 Men, including

14,000 Marines, for seven Lunar Months, commencing 18th June, 1802.—and 30,000l. for Increase of Half pay, &c. for six Months, commencing July1, 1802.

IX. 2,000,000l. towards discharging the Debt of the Navy.

X. For Ordnance for Land Serviqe. In Great Britain, 400,000l. for January, February and March) 266,666/. 136. 4<7. for

and May; 133,336/. 6s. 8d. for June; 272,266/. 96. Id. from 1 to Dec. 31, 1802; 17,088/. 36. 4 d.not provided for in 1800, and 102,917/. 5s. 9d. not provided for in 1801.—and in Ireland, 75,000l. 50,000l. 25,000l. and 53,076/. 186. 5d. for the same Periods of 1802, as before for Great Britain.

XI. *£12,871,338

557,499 16 3

147,727 10 0

634,231 2 7

9,370 14 3

95,000 0 0

0 6 for Land Services, viz.

For 58,718 effective Men in Great Britain, Jersey, and Alderney, -

For 18,660 effective Men in Ireland, Forces in the Plantations, including those serving at Gibraltar, -

ca, Malta, in Egypt and at the Cape, -

East India recruiting Parties in Great Britain,

Contingencies, Watch Coats and extra Forage in Great

3 B 3

8£d. Irish (See § 5), issued and applied as hereafter expressed.

Application: Naval Stores.

730

C. 120

4 GEO. III

A.D. 1802.

£. 3,964 6 4

21,000 6 8

379,178 19 8

346,205 7 5

12,500 0 0

8,769 4 8

6,253 17 4

27,256 0 0

105,000 0 0

34,273 19 5

14,794 10 4

246 11 6

36,651 12 0

5,292 7 3

180,000 0 0

108,366 9 3

146,160 0 0

117,969 19 6

46,606 3 1

1,722 15 6

6,157 18 2

1,267 11 11

13,868 9 1

5,555 19 2

14,148 0 2

88,892 6 2

25,133 17 9

2,307 13 11

114,000 0 0

398,577 9 4

120,423 10 2

386,657 11 10

6,351 5 3

40,189 7 10

84,013 7 7

Contingencies in Irela, General, Staff and Hospital Officers in Great Britain, Jersey

and Alderney, -

Militia and Fencible Infantry in Great Britain, Ditto - - - in

Contingencies for Militia, &c. in Great Britain,

Ditto - - - in Ireland, j>

Full Pay to supernumerary Officers, Paymaster General, Commissary General of Musters, Judge Advocate General, Comptrollers of Army Accounts, and for Exchequer Fees in Great Britain,

Increased Rates of Subsistence, &c.

in Great Britain,

Reduced Officers, &c. in Great Britain,

Half Pay, &c. to reduced Officers of British American Forces,

Officers late in Service of States General, -Chelsea Hospital,

Widows’ Pensions in Great Britain, Volunteer Corps in Great Britain,

Ditto - - in Ireland,

Barrack Department, Great Britain, Foreign Corps in Service of Great Britain, -

Extra Forage for Cavalry,

Muster Master General and several publick Departments, -Half Pay Officers and retired Chaplains, -Widows’ Pensions,

General and Staff Officers and Medical Board, - l

Medicines, Bedding, Hospital Contingencies and Royal Military Infirmary, -

For Kilmainham Hospital,

Barrack Department,

Small Beer Allowances to Forces, Allowances to Soldiers on March, Militia reembodied up to For 61,176 Men in Great Britain, " For 23,269 Men in Ireland,

Forces in the Plantations, &c.

East India recruiting Parties in Great Britain,

Fencible Infantry in Great Britain, Ditto in Ireland,

From Dec. 25, 1801, to

March 24, 1802.

In Ireland, From Dec. 25, 1801, to

March 24, 1802.

Dec. 24, 1801.

4;

r\

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 120.

731

£. 99,064 0 0

59,307 13 11

75,511 0 0

238,000 0 0

135,692 6 2

202,555 15 2

61,198 16 8

196,498 2 5

20,424 2 4

42,695 6 5

764,391 3 0

439,035 16 1

352,844 1 1

3,227 13 9

17,299 9 0

77,500 0 0

174,000 0 0

13,847 0 0

17,232 16 10

13,868 9 1'

7,981 12 4.

27,754 4 11

1,200 0 0

100,855 3 10

5,191 18 4

140,000 0 0

60,313 16 11

35,035 12 3

6,212 3 8

144,500 0 0

26,169 4 8

45,205 9 7

753 8 5

156,511 11 2

26,193 4 7

Barrack Department in Great !> tain, -

Ditto in

Foreign Corps in Service of Great Britain, -

Militia of Great Britain,

Ditto of Ireland,

From March 25, to

May24, 1802.

For 61,176 Men in Great &c.

For 23,269 Men in Ireland,

Forces in the Plantations, &c. Fencible Infantry in Great Ditto - - in Ireland -

From May 25 to June 24, 1802, ‘according to their present Establishments, and for their Reduction.'

Ditto for Ireland,

Supernumerary Officers in Great

For Land Forces in Great Britain,

Ditto - - in Ireland - From 25,

Forces in the Plantations, &c. in- to

eluding those at Gibraltar, at Cey- 24, 1802. Ion, and in Neto South Wales, -East India Recruiting f FromMarc/l 25 tojuneli; ?, fio2

Ditto r"": jFrom 25- to 24;

Recruiting Contingencies and Watch \

Coats in Great Britain, I From March, to

Ditto - and extra Forage in Dec. 24, 1802.

Ireland, -

General, Staff and Hospital Officers 1 From March 25, to in Great Britain,(only) - J 24, 1802.

Ditto - - - 25, 24, 1802.

For the like Periods.

| From March 25,

Britain, - r ----- June 25,

Ditto in Ireland, )

Paymaster General, Secretary at War,'

Commissary General of Musters,

Judge Advocate General, Comptrollers of Army Accounts, and Exchequer Fees in Great Britain, I Muster Master General and publick Departments in Ireland,

Increased Rates of Subsistence, &c.

in Great Britain,

Allowance for Small Beer and to Soldiers on March in Ireland, -Reduced Officers of Land Forces and' i Marines in Great Britain,

Ditto - of Land Forces in Ireland, i Reduced Officers in Great Britain,

Ditto - - in Ireland, -

Ditto - - of British American "\

Forces, - I

Officers late of States General -

Chelsea Hospital, -

Kilmain ham Hospital, -

3 B 4

to Dec. 24, 1802.

From March 25, to

Dec. 24, 1802.

From March 25, to

June24, 1802. From June 25, to Dec. 24, 1802.

From March 25, to

Dec. 24, 1802,

73 2

C. 120.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

s£-16,171 2 3,873 4 72,000 0

68,926 19 297,184 0 136,990 1

321,800 14

6,369

13,000

16,191

0

0

14

2

0

0

9 0

10

0

0

0

10

Widows’ Pensions in Great Britain, Ditto - - in

Volunteer Corps ini

J

Great Britain, > From March 25, -f t 1802.

>itto - in Ireland, J 1 May 24, j

Ditto

Barrack Department in Grnttf

Ditto in

Foreign Corps in Service of G?-.ecri Britain, .

Royal Military College,

From Mgy 25, to

Dec. 24, 1802. For 1802.

For completing Royal Military Asylum at Chelsea.

For Medicines, Bedding and Hos-^v -r, nital rinnf-ino-pnrips for flip Fnrrps a 25,

to

30,000

600,000

300,000

1,847,174

0 0

0 0

0

0

0

0

pital Contingencies for the Forces 8 in Ireland, and the Royal Military

Infirmary at Dublin, J ^.24, 1802.

1 From May 25, Yeomanry in Ireland, > to

) 24, 1802.

Army Extraordinaries in Great Britain, > For 1802.

Ditto in Ireland, j

Ditto - in Great Britain for \

1801, not provided for,

Army Extraordinaries in Great

tain,- - - - )

XII. 990,053/. for Arrears of the Civil List.

XIII. 3,000,000l. to discharge Exchequer Bills under 41 G. 3. ( Z7. c. 83.

XIV. 1,066,493/. Is. i^d. to discharge Exchequer Bills under 39 & 40G. 3.

c. 33.

XV. 372,138/. 9s. 3c?. sterling, to discharge Treasury Bills of Ireland in

1802.

XVI. 14,049/. 14s. issued pursuant to Addresses of the Commons.

XVII. For Civil Establishments, viz.

1,000,000 0 0

For 1802.

7,950

7,515

4,650

2,194

3,398

d.

0

2*

0

11

4

For Upper Canada.

Nova Scotia.

Neto Brunswick Prince Edward's Island. Cape Breton.

s. d.

1,875 17 1^ Ne

4,100 0 0 Bahama Islands.

580 0 0 Bermuda Isles.

600 0 0 Dominica.

5,908 0 0 New South Wales.

0 0 Sierra Leone.

10,000

For the Year ending 31st December 1802. 20,000 for repairing, &c. British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa.

XVIII.

£. 69,000 0 0

2,500 0 0

8,000 0 0

300 0 0

466 10 0

100 0 0

2,707 18 0

French Refugees and Arne-"\

rican Loyalists, - j For January,

Secret Services, ( and see }> and

p>ost.) - - - - 1802.

Convicts, - - -J

To Commissioners for improving, &c. Parliament Houses, under 41 G. 3. ( .) c. 13.

For publishing weekly Averages of Sugar and Rice.

Preparing Abstracts of Population of Britain.

[See post.']

Additional Allowance to Clerks in Office for auditing public Accounts.

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 120.

733

I

r

£. 1,500 0 0

135 14 0

500 0 0

354 11 9

2,701 9 0

99 11 6

471 14 0

5,000 0 0

130 11 0

505,520 9 1

2,865 15 0

144,611 2 0

500 0 0

458,514 8 7

23,562 3 4

1,500 0 0

45,332 17 6

471 14 0

500 0 0

655 5 0

278 7 0

125 13 0

2,044 10 6

324 10 0

10,539 4 3

1,121 0 0

429 14 0

324 9 6

78 0 0

2,824 4 0

31,024 0 0

7,620 0 0

Thames Police Office.

Expences under Population Act, 41 G. 3.

c. 15.

[See ante and post.']

Plan for enquiring into the Mendicity of the Metropolis.

Expences at Parliament Office in Session for 1800 and 1801.

Chairman of Committees in House of Lords.

Mr. Thornton attending Commissioners in Cold Bath

Fields Prison.

Bill for Repairs at Port Pat[See ]

To pay Artificers at both Houses of Parliament.

To pay Passage of Rev. Mr. Rudd and Family to Quebec.

Interest of Exchequer Bills under various Acts of 38, 39 & 40, and 41 G. 3.

Salaries and Expences on Commissioners for Reduction of National Debt.

For Purchase of One Third of Duke of s

Annuity, under 39 & 40 G. 3. c. 43.

Officers of Exchequer for extra Trouble.

Discounts on Loan and Lot-"') tery, - - - I

To the Bank for receiving For the Year 1801.

Contributions thereon, -

Expences of Lottery, J

Indemnification to Earl St. Vincent and Lord Grey on account of Detention of American Ships at Martinique, &c.

Bill for Repair at Port Patriclc.

[See Preparing Population Abstracts.

[ ante and JDOStJ]

Continuing Index to Lords’ Journals.

To Commissioner for Restitution of Danish Colonies.

Copies of Population Abstract.

Allowance to Clerks in Auditors Office.

[See ante.']

Serjeant at Arms of the House of Commons, Expences of Removal from his House.

Excess on Bills drawn for Nero South, and

due in the Year 1801.

Expences of Capture of a Vessel under English Colours previous to the English quitting Corsica. Preparing and publishing weekly Returns of Muscovado Sugar, &c. to the 1st of October 1801. Expences of Return of Governor of New South Wales.

To new Settlers there.

Prosecutions as to Coin in the Year 1801.

Convicts at Home for Nine Months, to December 31, 1802.

Superintendance of Aliens under (38 G. 3. for the Year 1802.

734*

C. 120. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

£.1,620,218 19 6} To make good the like Sum paid out of the

Customs for Bounties on Corn imported into Great Britain to the 20th of March 1802, to be carried to Consolidated Fund for the Quarter ending April 5, 1802.

200,000 0 0 For Reduction of National Debt.

[S<?e c. 112.]

& c. 71. § 4.]

173,535 0 0 French Clergy, &c. Toulon- "1

ese and Corsican Emig- I For Nine Months end-rants, St. Domingo Suffer- ing the 1st of

ers and American Loyal- I ary 1803. ists, -

10,000 0 0 To Dr. Edward Jenner, as a Reward for promul-

gating his Discoveries of the Vaccine Inoculation, by which a mild and efficacious Mode of superseding that dreadful Malady the Small Pox is established.’

1,200 0 0

2,676,080 17 Klj-? O rH

30,000 0 0

22,082 9

3,000 0 0

1,500 0 0

3,000 0 0

5,000 0 0

1,108 16 0

4,500 0 0

199,812 14 7

90,000 0 0

1,290 4 0

1,184 10 7

5,903 19 8

11,948 7 0

4,605 9 5

12,000 0 0

To Henry Greathead of South Shields in the County of Durham, Boat Builder, as a Reward for his

Invention of the Life Boat, whereby many Lives have already been saved, and great Security is afforded to Seamen and Property in Cases of Shipwreck.’

To complete s£. 3,100,000 granted out of the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund for the Service of the Year 1801.

For New South Wales, for the Year 1802.

Bounties on Corn, &c. imported into Scotland to April 5, 1802.

nsr: -}For the Year 1802'

British Museum.

Levant Company.

Return of a Sum forfeited by James Edwards on the Loan of 1795.

Repairs of the Church of St. Margaret's, Westminster.

Valuation of Dutch Ships surrendered to Sir Andrew Mitchell at the New Diepon August 30, 1799.

Secret Services for Nine Months, to the 1st of January 1803.

Excess in charge of the Seven Police Offices for the Year ending the 5th of January 1802.

Prosecution of Offenders for deposing Lord Pigot.

For Maroons sent out to Sierra Leone.

Expences of Commission under American Treaty.

Printing Vols. 54 and 55. of]

Commons’ Journals and Indexes, -

Printing Journals, Votes, For Session 42 3.

Bills, Reports, &c. including Two Volumes of Population Returns,

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 120.

735

XIX. St

£313 16 11

221 10 9

738 9 3 184 12 4 230 15 5

184 12 4 184 12 4

184 12 4

XX. Sterling. £ 240 18 5\

726 0 2

7,384 12 0 15,692 6 6

576 18 5i 1,730 15 4f

5,769 4 41 17,307 14 lj

1,620 18 4£

4,865 1 6i

869 12-4,541 10 71

£.4,727 18 4 Expences incurred under Commissioners for publishing the Records of the Kingdom. 612 19 8 Expences incurred by Messrs. and

han under Population Act, 41 G.3. (G. B.) c. 15.

19,991 1

698 12

302 13 6,012 14

Irish

being 340 0

— 240 0

— 800 0

— 200 0

— 250 0

— 200 0

— 200 0

— 200 0

Irish

— 261 0

— 786 10

— 8,000 0

— 17,000 0

— 625 0

— 1,875 0

— 6,250 0

— 18,750 0

— 1,756 0

— 5,270 10

— 941 0

— 4,920 0

11 Repairs and Alterations in Parliament Houses, and the Speaker’s House.

5 Alterations at Somerset Place in Duchy of Cornwall Office.

1£ Repairs of the Fleet Prison.

0 Military Roads and Bridges in North Britain for the Year 1802."

0 Accountant General, (for ")

Session 42 G.3.) - For preparing

0 Deputy Accountant Ge- ! publick Ac-

neral, (for One Year j counts of -

to the 5th of January j 1802.) -

0 Paymaster of Corn Bounties in Ireland.

0 Examinator of Corn Bounties.

0 Inspector General of Imports and Exports of Ireland for preparing Accounts for One Year to the 25th of March 1801.

0 His first Clerk, for extra Trouble,

0 Examinator of Excise in, for extra

Trouble and Expences in preparing Accounts.

0 Clerk in Auditor’s of Exchequer Office for extra Trouble.

0

2

0

0

0

0

0

4

0

0

0

0

Expence of Pratique in the Port of Dublin.

Ditto -

I Civil Buildings in Ireland, -*) Apprehending Publick J Offenders in

1 Solicitor for Criminal

Prosecutions, &c. in

J Ireland, -

1 Publishing, Proclamation

and Advertisements in,) Dublin Gazette,

Printing certain Statutes l for Ireland, - J Printing, Stationary and"! other Disbursements I for the Chief and Under Secretaries, &c. in ! and for I, and j riding Charges, &c. of j Deputy Pursuivants and Messengers, J

For 3 Months to Aprils, 1802. For 9 Months to Jan. 5, 1803.

For the like Two Periods.

For 3 Months to April 5, 1802.

For 3 Months to April5, 1802.

736

C. 120.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

£.13,625 1 2-J being 14,760 9 8 Ditto - - -1 ' For 9 Months to Jan. 5, 1803.

461 10 9 — 500 0 0 Incidental Expences of \ For 3 Months to

Irish Treasury, April 5, 1802.

1,384 12 4 — 1,500 0 0 tv. f For 9 Months to Dltt0 - ' Jan. 5, 1803.

t ^Building Offices for ReO

1,384 12: 3 — 1,500 0 0 1 1 cords of Ireland, and [For the like two

4,153 17 0 — 4,500 0 i building the Courts of j L Justice^ - J [ Periods.

1,846 3 1 — 2,000 0 »i ["For working the Gold! Mine in j L County, J n For 1 Year to 1 Jan.5> 1803.

683 1 6. — 740 0 0 Clothing Battle-Ax j Guards in Ireland, 1: From Dec. 1, 1802, to L 1, 1804.

276 IS 6 — 300 0 0 0ffice of Secretary to'i j

Commissioners of charitable Donations, &c. I 1 For 1 Year to

in Ireland as Lord 1 Lieutenant shall direct, - - J [ Jan. 5, 1803.

2,324 4 71 — 2,517 18 4 Compiling, printing and binding Volume 8.

of Lords’ Journals in Ireland, and Index,

— 7,531 I f Towards printing and-} f New Edition of

6,951 18 6i 5 1 1 binding, - { v Commons'Jour-

2,584 12 4 — 2,800 0 °1 I Preparing and making j I Index to, j l nals of Ireland.

50,000 0 0 — 54,166 13 4 Civil contingent Charges

for the Service of Ireland,. - For 1802.

XXI. Ste Irish.

00 05 12 H — 5,400 0 0 To Trustees of Linen*

14,953 17 2 *—16,200 0 0

and Hempen Manufactures in viz. £500 (Irish) to encourage the raising Hemp and Flax in

land,-£500 (Irish)

to encourage Hemp and Flax Manufactures in Leinster,

ster and Connaught,— £1,812 10.?. (Irish) to encourage the Growth of Flax,—and £2,587 10s. (Irish) for general Purposes: instead: of the Sum paid to them out of the Duties on Teas and Coffee,

To the said Trustees, viz. *£1,500, *£1,500, £5,437 10s, and,

For 3 Months- to April 5, 1802.

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. 120.

737

s£7,762 10s. ( Irishj> For 9 Months to

1,153 16 10fbeingl,250 0 3,461 10 10 — 3,750 0

1,269 4 6| - 1,375 0 3,807 13 Ilf — 4,125 0

1,125 0 3,375 0

500 0

1,500 0

2.500 0

7.500 0

1,125 0 3,375 0

Irish. 4,932 0

14,630 16

3,750 0

13,750 0

500 0

1,038 9 2

3,115 7 9

461 10 9

1,384 12 4

2,307 13 9

6,923 1 64

1,038 9 2

3,115 7 H

XXII. Sterling

4,552 12 if

13,505 7 91

3,461 10 7\

12,692 6 34

461 10 9

1,532 18

1,545 4 6i

4,164 18 6§

913 16 10

3,240 0 0f

1,660 13

1,674 0 4,512 0

Currency) for the like Purposes, fTo the Board of First'; Fruits in Ireland for building new Churches and rebuilding old Churches, in which Service has not been celebrated for 20 Years,

/'To Dublin Society for J promoting Husbandry and other useful Arts C in Ireland, ^Towards completing additional Buildings at the Repository of the Dublin Society in <J Hatokins Street, and

Botanic Garden at Glassnevin, with Approbation of Lord Lieutenant, -f Under Direction of Lord J Lieutenant to promote <J the Purposes of the Farming Societies of (_ Ireland,

{To the Corporation for paving, cleansing and lighting the City of

Dublin,

(To Commissioners for < making wide Streets ( in Dublin.

Forlncorporated Society'i in Dublin for promot- I ing English Protestant ( Schools in, )

Jan. 5, 1803.

For the like two Periods.

9£ Ditto,

0 I 2 i

0

Foundling Hospital in f Dublin, - \

Hibernian Marine Nursery for Sailors’ Chil

dren in Ireland,

:1

8 Ditto,

990 0 3,510 0

WestmorelandLockHos-' pita! in Dubli, Hibernian School for Soldiers’ Children in

land, -

For 3 Months to April 5, 1802.

For 9 Months to Jan. 5, 1803. For the like two Periods.

For 3 Months to April5, 1802.

For 9 Months to Jan. 5, 1802.

738 c. 120.

£.1,846 3 0 being 2,000 0

5,538 9 4 — 6,000 0

3,898 2 10* — 4,223 0

13,167 3 0* — 14,264 8

69 4 7 — 75 0

553 16 m — 600 0

115 7 8 — 125 0

346 3 i — 375 0

1,869 4 7 h — 2,025 0

1,384 12 3* — 1,500 0

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

0

0

0

0

0

0

For the like two Periods.

XXIII.

XXIV.

XXV.

XXVI.

XXVII.

0 7 Roman Catholick Semi-

1 '| nary in

n 1 House of Industry for the J>

Relief of the Poor in

Dublin,

Society for discountenancing Vice, &c.in

Ireland,

Female Orphan House j near Dublin,

Penitentiary House of

Reform in Dublin for young Criminals,

The Fever Hospital in

Dublin under Direction of the Lord Lieutenant, -

410,000l. to make good the Deficiency of ^1,200,000 granted out of the Duties on Goods imported, &c. for the Year 1801.

Supplies shall not be applied to any other Purposes than those authorized by this Act.

Rules to be observed in the Application of the Sum appropriated for Half Pay.

By 41 Geo. 3. c. 84. § 27. the Sum of s£l38,979 7 id. was appropriated to be paid to reduced Officers; the Overplus thereof may be disposed of as His Majesty shall judge proper.

Duplicates of Irish Treasury Bills or Debentures lost or destroyed, may be made on Affidavit of the Fact before a Baron of the Exchequer in Deland, &c.

For 1 Year to Jan. 5, 1803.

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. i. ii.

739

PUBLIC LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS.

N. B.— The Commencement and Continuance of the ensuing Acts

mil be known by referring to List, according to the corresponding Letter in the Title of any Act.— Where no Term of Continuance is the

Act is perpetual.

(a) From the passing of the Act.

(b) For21 Years, Sfc.

[i. e. to the End of the then from the passing of the Act.

(d) For 21 Years, fyc. after the End of the Term under former

Acts.

(e) From a Day named in the Act.

(f) For 21 Years, fyc.froma Day named.

(g) For 25 Years, fyc.from a Day named.

Cap. i.

An Act for continuing (f) the Term, and enlarging the Powers of

Two Acts, passed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His [S2G. 2. c. 45. late Majesty King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year 19 G. 3. c. 81.] of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening and rendering safe and commodious several Roads leading from the Town of South Moltonin the County of Devon.

[11th 1801.]

[For extending the Road from Umberleigh Ford to Umberleigh Bridge, §5. ContinuedforL2i Years, Sfc. 5i<G.S. c.xxi.]

Cap. ii.

An Act for continuing ( f) the Term, and altering and enlarging

the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the [30 G. 2. c. 58. Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the c. 103.

Twenty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening and keeping in Repair several Roads in and near to the Town of Tenbury, in the Counties of Salop,

Worcester and Hereford, and also the Roads leading from the Knotole Gate to the Turnpike Road on the Clee leading from Ludloto to Cleobury Mortimer, and from Kyre Mill to the Turnpike Road leading from Bromyard to Tenbury in the said Counties.

[llth December 1801.]

[iVeto Trustees appointed, and Tolls .]

740

C. iii.—vii.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

[20G. 3. c. 98.]

13 G. 3. c. 112.

[22G. 3. C. 83-]

[27 G. 3. c. 14.]

[33 G. 2. c. 39.]

21 G. 3. C. 81.J

Cap. iii.

An Act for continuing (d) the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending the Road from the West End of Seend Street to the Horse and Jockey, the Parish of Box in the county of 1 Wilts, and certain other Roads leading out of the said Road; and for malting an additional Road from the said Road in

the Chapelryof Seend, to communicate 'with the Devizes Turnpike Road at or near Somerham Brook, in the same

in the said County.

[15th December 1801.]

Cap. iv.

An Act for continuing {cl) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts; the one passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually amending several Roads leading from and near the Borough of Truro in the County of Cornwall, and for building and keeping in Repair a Bridge over the River at a Place called the Steppings, in or near the said Borough; and the other, passed in the Twenty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for extending the Provisions of the said former Act to the several other Roads therein described.

[24th February 1802.]

[ New Trustees and Tolls. Continued for 21 Years,

57 G. 3. c, xliv.]

Cap. v.

An Act for repairing, altering, widening and improving the Road leading from the City of Canterbury to the Town of Ramsgate, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of and for suspending

and varjnng, for a limited Time, so much of an Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Toll Gate, and to the Tolls now payable by virtue of the said Act, on the Road leading from the said City of Canterbury to the Isle of Thanet.

[19th March 1802.]

[Tolls at Vauxhall Gate under former Act, suspended durifig Continuance of this Act. (fY\

Cap. vi.

An Act for repairing, altering, widening and improving the Road leading from the City of Canterbury to the Town and Port of Sandwich, in the County of Kent, (f) [19th March 1802.]

Cap. vii.

An Act for continuing (6) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twenty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Turnpike Road near the West End of the Town of Chesterfield to Matlock

' Bridge, and also the Road leading out of the said Road over Darley Bridge to Cross Green, and also the Road leading out of the said last mentioned Road to the Turnpike Road near Rowesley Bridge; all in the County of Derby.

[19th March 1802.]

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. viii.—xiii.

741

Cap. viii.

An Act for repairing, widening, improving and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Shire Hall in the Town and Port of Woodbridge, to the Broad Street in the Town and Borough of Eye, in the County of Suffolk, (f) [19th March 1802.]

Cap. ix.

An Act for continuing (f) the Term, and altering and enlarging

the Powers of an Act passed in the Seventeenth Year of the [17 G. 3.e.97.] Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty seventh Year of His late [27G. 3. c. 24.] Majesty King George the Second, for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Union Point, near the Town of Uckfield in the County of Sussex, to Langney Bridge, in the Parish of Westham in the said Coandfor more effec-

tually repairing the said Road; and also for amending, widening and keeping in Repair the Road from the Side Gate on the Horse Bridge Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Hellingly, to the Turnpike Road leading from Cross-in-Hand to Burwash in the said County.

[19th March 1802.]

[ New Tolls granted.']

Cap. x.

An Act for continuing (d) the Term, and altering and enlarging

the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the First and Twenty first [l G. 3. c. 32.

Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and G.5. c. 78.

widening the Road leading from the Town of Falmouth, in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of Penryn, Helstone

and Marazion, and from thence to and over Marazion River and

Bridge, and Two hundred Feet to the Westward of the said

River and Bridge.

[19th March 1802.]

Cap. xi.

An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Commons and Wastes, within the Manor and Parish of *, in the County of Warwick.

[19th March 1802.]

[ The Provisions of the General Inclosure Act, 41 G. (U. K.)

c. 109. are expressly applied to this and to all the Inclosure

Acts of this Session; by Clauses in each Act.]

Cap. xii.

An Act for continuing ( b) the Term, and altering and enlarging the

Powers of an Act passed in the Twenty first Year of the Reign [21G. 3. c. 82.] of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Wilmslow Bridge in Wilmslow, in the County of Chester I

through Nether Alderley and the Town of to or near

the Red Bull in Church Lawton, in the said County.

[24th March 1802.}

[ Additional Tolls authori.]

Cap. xiii.

An Act to enlarge the Powers and explain and amend an Act,

made in the Twenty second Year of the Reign of His late Ma- [22G. 2. c. 5o. 42 Geo. III. 3 C jesty

74-2

C. xiii.—xvii.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

[28 G. 2. c. 46. 20 G. 5. c. 69.]

[28 G. 2. c. 60. 21 G. 3. c. 98.]

[11G. 2. c. 29. 26 G. 2. c. 55. 29 G. 2. c. 41. 22G. 3. c. 115.]

[2G. 3. c. 44. 17 G. o. c. 79.]

jesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the better repairing the Highways, and cleansing the Streets, within the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, the County of Middlesex; and for better enlightening the open Places, Streets, Lanes, Passages and Courts there, and regulating the Nightly Watch and Bedels within the said Parish; and for paving, repairing and regulating certain Footways, Squares, Streets, Lanes and other publick Passages and Places in the said Parish; and for removing Nuisances, Obstructions and Annoyances therein.

[24-th 1802.]

[ Fenner Rates repealed, and new Duties ]

Cap. xiv.

An Act for continuing ( b) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of so much of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the several Roads therein mentioned, as relates to the Road leading from the Cross of Hand near Finford Bridge, in the County of Warwick, through the Town of in the same County, to the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxford.

[24th March 1802.])

[Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted.']

Cap. xv.

An Act for continuing (f) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, so far as the same relate to the Road from Leeds to in the West Riding

of the County of York.

[24th March 1802.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls granted.]

Cap. xvi.

An Act to continue (b) the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of several Acts, passed in the Eleventh, Twenty sixth and Twenty ninth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Shoreditch Church through Hackney to Stanford Hill, and cross Cambridge Heath over Bethnal Green to the Turnpike at Mile End, in the County of Middlesex.

[24th March 1802.]

[This Act repealed, 1 $$ 2 G.4. c. cxii. but see 54 G. 3. c.ccxxxiii.] Cap. xvii.

An Act for continuing (f) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Second and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads in the Counties of Cornwall and

Devon,

743

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. xvii.—xxi.

Devon. leading to the Borough of in the County of

Cornwall.

[24th March 1802.]

[. Double Tolls authorized on Sundays.]

Cap. xviii.

An Act for Building a new Gaol for the County of and for purchasing Lands sufficient for the same, and for other Purposes relating thereto, [15th April 1802.]

" In the building of the Gaol the Commissioners are directed " ($19.) to provide distinct Apartments for each Prisoner to " sleep in, and Yards, &c. for keeping Male and Female Prisoners " separate; Rooms for King’s Evidence, Common Halls, and " Rooms with publick Fire Places; Hospitals, Baths and other " Necessaries, Conveniencies and Accommodations, as directed " by the Irish Acts, 23 &24 G.3. c. 41. and 26 3. 27.

Cap. xix.

An Act for draining and improving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, within the several Parishes of

Wimbotsham, Stow, Bardolph, and Denver, in the County of Norfolk.

[15th April 1802.]

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person Punishment and Persons who shall at any Time or Times hereafter wilfully for destroying and maliciously cut, throw down, burn or otherwise destroy any Works; single Bank, Mill, Engine, Bridge, Flood Gate, Tunnel or Sluice, made felony, &c. and erected, or which shall be making and erecting for the draining and improving of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, or any of them, and shall be thereof lawfully convicted, such Person or Persons shall be adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and be transported for Seven Years, or be punished as the Law directs, in Cases of Petit Larceny. " Penalty on setting Nets, obstructing or damaging Drains, &c. 40/. to 40s."

Cap. xx.

An Act for repealing so much of an Act passed in the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Severn at Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, the River Mersey, at

or near Netherpool, in the County of Chester, and also for making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal, as restrains the Company of Proprietors of the said Canal from taking Tonnage on Coals, Coak, Culm, Lime or Limestone, upon a Part of the said Canal; and for authorizing the said Company of Proprietors to raise a Sum of Money to make up the Amount of their original Subscription; and for further amending the several Acts passed, relative to the making of the said Canal.

[15th April 1802.]

[ United with the Chester Canal, and now called the Ellismere

and Chester Canals, 53 G. 3. c.lxxx.]

[33 G. 5. c. 91. and see also 36 G. 3. c. 71. and c. 96. and 41 G.S. (UK.) c. lxx.]

[67,000l.] Amended 50 G. 3. c. xxiv. See 44 G. 3. c. liv.]

Cap. xxi.

An Act for continuing (/>) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powrers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty second Year of

[32 G.S. c. 70. 18 G. 3. c. 96.]

714

C. xx i.—xxW.

12° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Punishment lor destroying Works; single Felony, &c.

[28 G. 2. c. 45. 1 6G.5. c. 70.]

[13 G. 3. c. 45.]

the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the East Side of Barnsley in the County of York,

to the Middle of Grange Moor, and from thence to White Cross, and also the Road from the Guide Post in Barugh, to a Rivulet called Barugh Brook, and from thence for Two hundred Yards over and beyond the same Rivulet or Brook, into the Township of Cawthorne, in the said County.

[15th 1802.]

[Former 7'oils repealed,

Cap. xxii.

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining and preserving the Open Fields, Marsh Lands, Fens, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of

Norfolk.

[15th April 1802.]

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall willfully and maliciously cut, damage, break down, demolish or destroy any Bank, Mill, Engine, Dam, Flood Gate, Bridge, Sluice or Tunnel, already made, or which shall at any Time hereafter be made or erected, supported, maintained or used for answering any of the Purposes of this Act, every Person so offending, and being convicted thereof, shall be deemed guilty of Felony; and the Court before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be transported for Seven Years, or in Mitigation of such Punishment, may award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petty Larcenjr.

" Persons damaging Works (in which Dams and Bridges are eluded), forfeit a Sum not exceeding 50l.—§ 50."

Cap. xxiii.

An Act for continuing (b) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, One passed in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening and repairing the Road leading from Horsham, in the County of Sussex, through Dorking,

Mickleham and Leatherhead,to the Watch House in in the County of Surrey ;and from Capell to Stone Street, in the Parish of Ockley, in the said County of Surrey.

[15th April 1802.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and new ones granted :—Double Tolls on Sunday.]

Cap. xxiv.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual so much of an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the South Level, Part of the great Level of the Fens commonly called Bedford Level, between certain old Rivers or Drains, called Stoke River and Brandon River; and a certain Level or District called Feltwell

9 New

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. xxiv.—xxvi.

745

New District, and The Hard Lands of Woodhall-in-Helgay, and Helgay, in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, as relates to the

Fen and Low Grounds lying within the Second District or Division described in the said Act.

[15th April 1802.]

[_New Commissioners appointed and empowered to make Contracts with Commissioners under 30 G. 2. c. 35. and to borrow .5£7000 on Mortgage of the Acre Tax authorized by the ]

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously burn, cut, throw down, break down or otherwise destroy any Bank, Mill Hill, Mill, Engine, Flood Gate, Tunnel or Sluice already erected, supported, maintained or used, or which shall at any Time or Times hereafter be making, erecting, or be made or erected, supported, maintained or used by virtue of this Act, and the said recited Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or either, of them, within the Limits of the said second District, for draining or preserving the Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the same, or for other the Purposes of the said recited Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and of this Act, or either of them, every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalr ties as in Cases of Felony, and the Court by or before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, shall hereby have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm; or in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Court may, if they think fit, award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases, of Petty Larceny.

" Penalty on Persons damaging Works, 501. to 405.—§ 49.

Cap. xxv.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigations from the Trent to the Mersey, to make Railways, to alter the Course of the Railway from Fro to CaldonT and Part of the Course of the Canal from Frog to and to

amend the Trent and Mersey Canal Acts.

[15th 1802.]

[Tonnage authorized to betaken—The present Shares at 200l. each,divided into double the Number at 100l. each.—Amended 49 G. 3. c. lxxiii.]

Cap. xxvi.

An Act for continuing (/>) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein described, so far as the same relate to the Roads from Otley to, in the County of

York, and from Skipton aforesaid to, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for altering, the Course or Direction of certain Parts of the said Road from Otley to Skipton aforesaid.

[15th April 1802.]

[. Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls gra?ited.]

3 C 3

Penalty on destroying Works* single Eelony, &c.

[See6 G. 3\c>96: 10—c. 102.]

15— c. 20.

16— c.

23—c.

37—c. oS. &e;81.]

[28 G. 2. c. 60. 21 G. 3. c. 95.]

7 4G

C. xxvii.—xxx*

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

[See Scotch Acts 1701.

List of imprinted Acts,

4 G. 2. c. 11.

20 G. 2, c. 17. 16 G. 3. c. 16.}

[17 G. 3. c. 5. See 53 G. 3. c. xxi.]

Allotment to the King as Lord of the Manor.

Saving the Rights of His Majesty to Minerals.

Cap. xxvii.

An Act for enlarging (g) the Term and Powers granted by several Acts for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer brewed and vended within the Town of

and the Liberties and Suburbs thereof.

[15th 1802.]

Cap. xxviii.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Parish of St. Mary Islington, in the County of Middlesex.

[ Mode of rating .] [15th April 1802.]

Cap. xxix.

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing and improving certain Open Meadows, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within or belonging to the Manor or Parish of Alretvas, in the County of Stafford.

[15th April 1802.]

Cap. xxx.

An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing a Tract of Common and Waste Lands, called Rhoshir situate in the several Parishes of Aberdaron, Llanfaelr and Bryncroes, in the County of Caernarvon.

[15th 1802.]

WHEREAS there is within the several Parishes of

1 daron, Llanfaelrhys, and, in the County of

Caernarvon, a large Tract of Common and Waste Lands, called or known by the Name of Rhoshirvoaun, or by what other Name or Names the same is called, known or distinguished, containing by Estimation Two thousand Acres or thereabouts; And < whereas The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, in Right of His

Crown, is Lord of the Manor of, Part of which lies

within the said Parishes of Aberdaron and, and as

‘ such is entitled to the incidental Manerial Rights, Perquisites and Profits arising from the same Manor, and claims also to be entitled to the Soil of so much of the said Common and Waste Lands as lies within the same Manor, or unto some Parts or Portions thereof now remaining uninclosed, &c.

" Benjamin Wyatt of Lime Grove in the County of Caernarvon " Esq. appointed a Commissioner, subject to the general Rules in " 41 G. 8. ( U.K.)c. 109. § 1—9.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall assign, set out and allot, unto and for The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for and in Lieu of his Right and Interest in the Soil of the said Common and Waste Lands as Lord of the Manor of Bardsey aforesaid, so much and such Part or Parts of the said Common and Waste Lands hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, as is situate, lying and being within the said Manor, and as shall in the Judgment of the said Commissioner (Quantity, Quality and Situation considered), be equal to one full Twentieth Part or Share of so much of the said Common and Waste Lands as is situate, lying and being in the said Manor, for

A.D. 1802.

4.2° GEO. III.

Co xxx.

747

and in Lieu, and as a Recompence and Satisfaction for his Right to the Soil of the said Common and Waste Lands.

" Commissioner shall make Extract in Parchment under his Hand " and Seal of so much of the Award as describes His Majesty's " Allotment, and transmit same to the Surveyor General of the " Land Revenue, within six Months after making the Award. § 27.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice or defeat the Right or Interest of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in and to all Mines, Ores, Minerals and Coals, of what Nature or Kind soever, in or under the said Common and Waste Lands; but His said Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and his and their Lessee and Lessees, Agents, Servants, Colliers, Miners and other Workmen, shall and may from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter enter into, have, hold, enjoy, search and work all Mines and Mine Works, Pits, Holes, Beds, Veins and other Bearings of Mines, Ore, Minerals and Coal whatsoever, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as they could have had, held and enjoyed the same before the passing of this Act; and for that Purpose shall and may use all Pits, Shafts, Levels, Soughs and Tunnels already open and sunk in the said Common and Waste Lands, and all Machines, Engines and Buildings thereon erected or standing, together with full and free Liberty, Power and Authority to and for His said Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and his and their Lessee and Lessees, and their and every of their Agents, Servants, Miners, Colliers and other Workmen, to sink, dig, delve, drive and work all and every or any Number of Pits, Shafts, Levels, Soughs and Tunnels, which they shall think necessary for discovering, searching for, raising or getting any Mines, Ores, Minerals and Coals whatsoever, in or under the said Common and Waste Lands, as well before as after the same shall have been inclosed; and also to erect any Number of Steam and other Engines, Machine and Machines, of what Nature or Kind soever, which they shall think necessary for the Use, Convenience or Advantage of any Mine or Mines whatsoever, in or upon the said Premises, or any Part thereof; and to place, stack up and lay all Lead, Copper, Iron, and other Ores, Coals and other Minerals and Matters which shall be gotten and raised, and all Rubbish, Earth and Soil upon the said Common and Waste Lands; and also to have, make and use all convenient Ways, Roads and Railways, in, upon and over the said Common and Waste Lands when inclosed, for the Use of any Colliery or Mines sunk or made or which may be sunk or made in any Part or Parts thereof, and for working and carrying on the same; and with Carts, Waggons and other Carriages, to fetch, take and carry away the Lead, Copper, and Iron Ores and Coal, and all other Mines and Minerals whatsoever, there to be found and raised as aforesaid, and to do all other reasonable and necessary Acts and Things in and upon the same Common and Waste Lands when inclosed, for the discovering, getting, working, converting, removing, carrying away, selling and disposing of all Mines, Coal and other Minerals whatsoever, without any Molestation or Interruption whatsoever; and all and every such Damage, Trespass and Injury as shall or may arise or happen to any Allotment

3 C 4 or

748

C. xxx.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

General

Saving.

or Allotments which shall be set out under this Act to the Owners and Occupiers thereof, shall be afterwards reimbursed to and raised among such Owner and Owners and Occupiers respectively, other than and except His said Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in Manner herein after mentioned and directed; (that is to say), that when and as often as any such Damage or Injury in any Allotment or Allotments to be set out by virtue of this Act, for or in searching or working the aforesaid Mines and Minerals, or on account of any Works, Buildings or Concerns relating thereto shall be done, the Person or Persons who shall sustain any such Damage, Trespass or Injury as aforesaid, shall give Information thereof to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Caernarvon, Ten Days previous Notice of such Information, signed by the Person giving the same, being fixed on the Door of the said Parish Church of Aberdaron; and such Justices shall and are hereby empowered to examine and enquire into such Complaint in a summary Way, and by Examination of Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justices are hereby empowered to administer), or by such other Evidence or Proof, Ways or Means, as they shall think proper; and all and every Sum and Sums of Money paid in Satisfaction of such Damages, and the reasonable Charges of giving and prosecuting such Information (to be settled by the said Justices) shall be borne and paid by the Owners or Occupiers of all the Allotments of the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted and inclosed, by an equal Rate, to be assessed and charged upon them in respect of their several Allotments, by such Justices, in such Shares and Proportions as shall be just, according to the respective yearly Rents or Values, which shall be ascertained and determined by the Assessments to the Poor Rates for the Time being, of the said Allotments or of the Lands or Hereditaments in respect whereof such Allotments shall have been made; and in case any Person who shall be charged to such equal Rate as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to pay the same, within the Time to be limited by the said Justices, to the Person informing as aforesaid, then the said Justices shall and are hereby required by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person refusing or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Warrant, Distress and Sale, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, upon Demand; and in case any Occupier of any of the said Allotments shall pay any Part or Share of such equal Rate as aforesaid, every such Occupier shall be at Liberty to deduct the same out of his or her next Rent, and his or her Landlord shall and is hereby required to allow such Deduction.

XXXII. Saving always to The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her and their respective Heirs, Successors, Executors and Administrators, all such Estate, Right, Title and Interest (other than those meant and intended to be barred and excluded by this Act), as they, every or any of them had or enjoyed of, in, to or out of the said Lands and Grounds so directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed as aforesaid, before

the

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. xxx.—xxxvi. 749

the passing of this Act, or could or might have held or enjoyed in

case the same had not been made.

Cap. xxxi.

An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the several Open Fields, Stinted Pasture and Common, within the Parish of Richmond, in the North Riding of the County of York.

[15th 1802.]

[The general Powers of 41 G.3. (U. K.) 109. extended to this Act; and Justices for Richmond, or the Rid-

ing, shall have the same Povoer as County Justices under that Act.]

Cap. xxxii.

An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of in the County of Bedford.

[15th April 1802.]

Cap. xxxiii.

An Act for continuing and enlarging (d) the Term and Powers of [32 G. 2. c. 56. Two several Acts of the Thirty second Year of the Reign of 20 G. 3* c*J1'] His late Majesty, and of the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty, charging a Duty of Two Pennies Scots or one sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale, Porter and Beer, brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped or sold, within the Town and Parish of Kelso, in the County of Roxburgh, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

[30th April 1802.]

Cap. xxxiv.

An Act for inclosing and improving MountjoySquare in the Parish of Saint George, in the County of Dublin.

[30th April 1802.]

Cap. xxxv.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Somerset- [See 34 shire Coal Canal Navigation, to vary and alter the Lines of the c. 86. 56 G. 5. said Canal; to raise Money for completing the said Canal and c- 480 Works; and to alter and amend the Powers and Provisions of [20,ooool. and the several Acts passed for making the said Canal.

[30th April 1802.]

Cap. xxxvi.

An Act for continuing (f) the Term, and altering and enlarging

the Powers of Two several Acts passed in the Twenty seventh [27 G. 2. c. 55. Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, 21 G. 3. c. 94.] and in the Twenty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the High Road from Gate in the Parish of Knotting, in the County of Bedford, through the Towns of Rushden and Higham Ferrers, and over Artleborough Bridge, to the Turnpike Road in Barton Seagrave Lane in the Parish of Barton Seagrave, in the County of Northampton.

[30th April 1802.]

[ Former Tolls repealed, and others granted. Rate of Interest

altered.]

01 to

750

C. xxxvii.*—xli.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

7 G. 2. c. 31. 0. 3. c. S7. 21 G.3. c. 105.

Cap. xxxvii.

An Act for continuing (f) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Three several Acts passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Thirteenth and Twenty first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Toll Gate in the Parish of, through the

Town of Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton, and through Olney,over Sherrington Bridge, to Newport in the County of Bucks; and for repairing and widening or rebuilding the said Sherrington Bridge.

[30th 1802.]

[Amount of Tolls and Rate of Interest altered.']

Cap. xxxviii.

An Act for amending, widening, turning, altering, improving and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike Road in the Horse Fair, in the Town of Banbury in the County of Oxford, through Swalcliffe in the said County of Oxford, and through Brailesin the County of Warwick, to the Bridge crossing the River Stour, in the Parish of in the said

County of Warwick, (b) [30th 1802.]

Cap. xxxix.

An Act for continuing (b) the Term, and altering and enlarging [22 G. 3.C. 10S.] the Powers of an Act passed in the Twenty second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, the Road from Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, to Barnhill, in the Chester; and for making, amending and keeping in Repair, the Road branching out of the said Road at a Place called, in the said County of Denbigh, to the Borough of Holt, in the same County.

[30th April 1802.]

[FormerTolls repealed, and new Tolls Cap. xl.

An Act for making and maintining a new Road, to extend from or near to a Place called Beattock, in the Parish of Kirkpatrick Juxta, in the County of Dumfries, by the Boroughs oi Loch-mabenand Annan, to the River of Sark, at or near to the present Bridge there.

[30th 1802.]

[. Repealed59 G. 3. c. cx.]

Cap. xli.

An Act for vesting several Messuages and Hereditaments in Shes-feld in the County of York, and divers detached Parts of the settled Estates of the most noble Charles Duke of Norfolk, in Trustees, upon Trust to sell; and for laying out the Monies in the Purchase of more convenient Estates, and otherwise,

[30th April 1802.]

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. xlii.—xlvii.

751

Cap. xlii.

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing and appropriating the Commons, Waste Grounds and Mosses, within the Manor or Township of Egton mth Ne’wland in the Parish of Ulverston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[30th April 1802.]

Cap. xliii.

An Act for improving the TinmouthCastle Light House and Light;

and for authorizing additional Light Duties in respect of such Improvement.

[4th May 1802.]

[Custom House shall not give clearance till Duties are paid,

§ 2. The Light House shall be under the Inspection, fyc. of the Corporation of the Trinity House of Newcastle upon Tyne, § 4.]

Cap. xliv.

An Act for continuing (5) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two several Acts, passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Ashby-de- in the County of Leicester, through Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, and to the Cock Inn in Tutbury, in the said County.

[4th May 1802.]

Cap. xlv.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from a Place called The Croixm Hill, in the Town of in the County of Gloucester, to join the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Hertford, towards Netonham, in the County of Gloucester; and also another Road leading from the Bottom of Kilcott Hill, in the Parish of Nevoent aforesaid, towards the Town and Forest of Deane, in the County of Gloucester, with a Branch from the same towards Ledbury, in the County of Hereford, (b)

[4th May 1802.]

Cap. xlvi.

An Act for authorizing the Trustees of the Will of the Honourable Richard Walpole to sell certain Parts of his of Estates, in the County of Norfolk, for the payment of his Debts.

[4th May 1802.]

Cap. xlvii.

An Act for building and maintaining a House of Correction in and for the City and County of Aberdeen, and for raising a Fund for defraying the Charges of apprehending, prosecuting and subsisting Criminals, Rogues and Vagabonds, found within the said City and Liberties thereof.

[7th May 1802.]

[Magistrates empowered to make an Assessment of\d. per £ on Lands, and of Id. per £. on Houses, ( Rogue Money,) for defraying the Charges of apprehending and prosecuting Criminals, Rogues and Vagabonds the said City and Liberties, and subsisting them in Prison, § 23, 24.]

[26 G. 2. c. 85. 19 G. 3. c. 85.]

Altered, Sec. as relates to Building House of Correction 48 G. 3.

C. XX.

See 54 G. 3. c. c.

752

C. xlviii. xlix.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Sec 50 G. c. lxviii. 53 G. 3. c

S9G, 3. c

15.

§31.

Cap. xlviii. 3. An Act for opening several new Streets in the Town of Kilmarnock and County of Ayr ;for altering and widening some of the Streets,

vul’ Lanes and Passages within the said Town; for building two new Bridges over the Water of Ki; for removing the present Slaughter-houses in the said Town, and building new ones, and a Town-hall and Guard-house; for enlarging and repairing the Gaol or Tolbooth; for enlarging the Burial Ground of the said Town; for paving the said Town and Places adjoining thereto, and removing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for extending the Jurisdiction of the Magistrates of the said Town over certain adjacent Lands.

[7th 1802.]

[Tolls shall cease as soon as the of carrying into

Execution all the Purposes of the Act shall be completely satisfied and paid. § 12.]

Cap. xlix. An Act to authorize the Advancement of further Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for completing the Canal, and other Works, which by an Act passed in Thirty ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating the Port London, were directed to be made and done by the Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the City of Londonin Common Council assembled.

[7th May 1802.]

lxix. 1 TT/ WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty ninth Year of V\the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating the Port of

( London; whereby the Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, were empowered

‘ to make and maintain a navigable Canal, with necessary Cuts,

Flood Gates and other Works adjoining or belonging thereto,

to pass through the Tract of Land, called The Isle of, in

the Parish of Stebonheath, otherwise, in the County of

Middlesex, and to communicate with the River Thames at or

near Blackball in the said Parish, and also at or near a Place

called Limehouse Hole in or near the Parish of Saint Ann, -

house, in the said County, so as to provide a safe and convenient

navigable Passage for Ships across the said of Dogs; and the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, were empowered, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, to purchase Houses,

‘ Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in the Parishes aforesaid,

within certain prescribed Limits, but no Person or Corporation was thereby compellable to sell any Part less than the Whole of any House, Building or Parcel of Land in the actual Occupation

of one Person, or of several Persons jointly, although only Part

thereof might be wanted for the Purposes of the said Act; and the Premises so to be purchased were to be conveyed to and vested in the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of

‘ London, and their Successors; and the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, were thereby empowered to sell any such Hereditamants so to be purchased as might not be necessary to

be made Use of in executing the Purposes of that Act; and in

i Consideration

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. xlix.

753

Consideration of the great Charges to be occasioned by making the said Canal and other Works therein before authorized to be

made by the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, certain Rates

or Duties of Tonnage were by the said Act made payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for the Term of fourteen Years next ensuing the passing of that Act, for Ships and other

If 4 Vessels trading to or using the Port of London; and it was

| 4 thereby enacted, that there should be advanced and paid from

and out of all or any of the Duties, Revenues and Incomes, composing the Fund called The Consolidated Fund, upon the Credit of the same Rates and Duties, any such Sum or Sums of Money,

not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Seventy two thousand Pounds, as should be necessary and sufficient for the Purposes next therein after mentioned, to be applied by the said Mayor,

Aldermen and Commons, in the first place in paying One half of the Charges of obtaining the said Act, and afterwards in purchasing the Lands and Hereditaments which should be purchased by the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and their Successors as aforesaid, and in paying the Charges of making and completing the said Canal and other Works, which were to be made and done by the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons in pursuance of that Act, and afterwards in discharging all the necessary Expences of managing, repairing and preserving the same Canal and other Works, for three Years after publick Notice of their being ready for Use, and also in paying during the same three Years, such Sums of Money as were therein before directed to be paid by the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, and their Successors, for Losses and Deficiencies of Tythes, Taxes,

Sewer Rates and other Rates, and Assessments; and it was thereby further enacted, that there should also be advanced and paid,

from and out of the said Consolidated Fund, upon the Credit of the said Rates and Duties thereby made payable to His Majesty,

His Heirs and Successors, such Sums of Money as should be sufficient for making certain Compensations therein particularly mentioned, and thereby entrusted to the Care and Management of certain Commissioners appointed and to be appointed, by virtue of the said Act; and it was thereby further enacted, that the Monies which should be produced by the Rates and Duties made payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by that Act,

should be applied in the Manner therein and in Part herein after mentioned; (that is to say), in the first place, so much thereof should be paid into the Chamber of the City of London as should be sufficient for defraying the necessary Charges of repairing,

altering and renewing the Mooring Chains in the River Thames,

and of laying down new or other Mooring Chains therein, and for paying the Salaries of the Harbour Masters and their Assistants, pursuant to that Act, and subject thereto; the Residue of such Monies so to be produced should be applied, from Time to Time, in repaying and replacing to the said Consolidated Fund,

all such Sums of Money as should be advanced and paid thereout in pursuance of that Act, with Interest for the same respectively,

in the mean Time, at the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum; and that when all such Monies should be fully repaid with Interest, then and from thenceforth such Residue of the

§ 134. § 151.

§ 152.

754

C. xlix.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

§ 154.

Power to advance a further Sum of 50,000l. out of the Consolidated Fund.

Monies to be produced by the said Rates and Duties should be

disposed of as next thereinafter is directed: And whereas the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons have made great Progress in excavating the said Canal, and performing the other Works by the said recited Act directed to be made and done by them: And whereas by reason of a Clause in the said recited Act, compelling the purchase of the Whole of any Building or Parcel of Land in the actual Occupation of one Person, or of several Persons jointly, although only Part thereof might be wanted for the Purposes of the said Act, and thereby causing more Buildings and much larger Quantities of Land to be necessarily purchased than were actually wanted for the Purposes aforesaid, and by reason of Satisfaction being made to Parties interested in Premises purchased under the said Act, for Goodwill, Improvements, and Injury or Damage, as thereby directed, and of a great Advance in the Prices of Timber, Iron and other Materials used in the said Works, the Charges and Expences of making and completing the said Canal and other Works, are likely very far to 4exceed the Estimate originally made thereof; and the said Sum of Seventy two thousand Pounds by the said recited Act authorized and directed to be advanced, paid and applied as aforesaid,

will therefore be insufficient for the Purposes to which the same is so made applicable: And whereas in consequence of the last mentioned Clause in the said recited Act, there have been purchased and conveyed, and agreed to be conveyed, to the said

Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, and their Successors,

under the Powers given by the same Act in that Behalf, divers Houses, Buildings and Parcels of Land, of very considerable

Value, which not being wanted or necessary for any of the Purposes of the said Act must be sold, to the Intent that the Monies so to arise may be ready for Application: And whereas it is expedient that Power should be given to advance out of the said Consolidated Fund, further Sums of Money for completing the said Canal and other Works, in Addition to the said Sum of Seventy two thousand Pounds; and that the Monies to arise by Sale of the said Premises which have been so as aforesaid purchased, and are not wanted for the said Purposes, should be applied, as far as the same will extend, in replacing to the said Consolidated Fund the additional Monies so to be advanced thereout as last mentioned, and that such further Provision should be made as herein after is expressed, for repaying to the said Fund all Monies advanced and to be advanced thereout for the Purposes in the said recited Act, and this present Act mentioned and directed; but inasmuch as the same cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be advanced and paid from and out of all or any of the Duties, Revenues and Incomes composing the Fund, called The Consolidated Fund, upon the Credit of, and to be re-

placed to the said Fund by Monies to arise by Sale as aforesaid, and by the Rates and Duties by the said recited Act granted or

made

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. xlix.

7 55

made payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, any such further Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great as, together with the said Sum of Seventy two thousand Pounds so already advanced or to be advanced as aforesaid, shall be necessary and sufficient for the Purposes next herein after mentioned, the same to be paid by the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, into the Chamber of the City of London, from Time to Time, as and when wanted, and

to be applied and disposed of by the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the said City of London, in Common Council assembled, for such and the same Purposes, and in such and the same Manner, in all Respects as are in and by the said recited Act mentioned and directed, of and concerning the said Sum of Seventy two thousand Pounds, and as if such further Sum or Sums had been Part thereof.

II. And be it further enacted, That all the net or clear Monies to arise and be received by the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, and their Successors, by Sale of all or any Part or Parts of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, purchased or to be purchased in pursuance and by virtue of the said recited Act, as shall not be necessary to be retained for or made Use of in executing any of the Purposes of that Act, shall as and when such Monies shall be received be applied from Time to Time as far as the same will extend, in or towards repaying and replacing to the said Consolidated Fund, all or any such Sums of Money as shall be advanced and paid thereout in pursuance of this Act, with Interest for the same respectively, in the mean Time, at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum; but the Receipt or Receipts, or other Discharge or Discharges of the said Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, or of their Successors, for the Purchase Money for which any such Premises shall be sold by them as aforesaid, shall nevertheless be a sufficient Discharge or sufficient Discharges to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, for so much of such Purchase Money as in such Receipt or Receipts respectively shall be acknowledged to be received; and such Purchaser or Purchasers shall not afterwards be obliged to see to the Application thereof.

III. And in order the more effectually to provide for the re-f placing of the Monies advanced and to be advanced out of the said Consolidated Fund, in Obedience to the said recited Act and this Act be it also enacted, That the Rates and Duties by the said recited Act granted or made payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, as therein is expressed, for and upon Ships and other Vessels trading to, frequenting or using the Port of London, shall be and are hereby charged with the Repayment to the said Consolidated Fund of the Monies to be advanced thereout in pursuance of this Act, and such Interest thereon as aforesaid, and shall be payable and applicable for and towards the replacing of such Monies to the said Fund with Interest, in the same Order, or Course and Manner, in all Respects, as if such last mentioned Monies had been advanced thereout as Part of the said Sum of Seventy two thousand Pounds, in pursuance of the said recited Act; and that all the same Rates and Duties shall continue payable, and be collected, received and taken, and the Monies which shall,

Monies to arise by resale of Premises purchased by the City, shall be applied in replacing said 50,000l.

As shall also the Rates and Duties by the recited Act granted to His Majesty.

756

C. xlix.—lii.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

[12G. 3. c. pr.]

[41 G.5. (U.K.) c. xcv.]

shall, from Time to Time, be received and produced from and by means of the same, shall be applied and disposed of, as in and by the said recited Act and this Act is mentioned and directed, until all such Sums of Money as are already advanced and paid, and which shall hereafter be advanced and paid from and out of the said Consolidated Fund, in pursuance of the said recited Act and of this Act, or either of them, shall be thereby and therewith or otherwise fully repaid and replaced to the said Fund, with Interest for the same Sums respectively, in the mean Time, at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum; the said Limitation of Fourteen Years, or any other Matter or Thing in the said recited Act contained, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

" Expences of this Act shall be paid out of Money advanc $ 4. " Powers of 39 G. 3. c. lxix. extended to this Act. 5.

[See 47 G.3. Sew. 2. c.xxxi.]

Cap. 1.

An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Twelfth Year ?*/ the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intit'*cd An Act for draining the Low Grounds and Carrs lying the several Parishes, Townships and Places of Keyingham Keyingham Marsh, Ryhill and Camerton, Burstwick and Skeckling, Burton Pidsea and Ridgmont, Ottringham, Halsham, Owstwick, Roofs, Rimswell, Tunstall, Waxholme, Elsternwick, Lelley*. Humble-ton, Fitling, Hilston, Garton, Albrough, Flinto*'- sfc<me,

within the Seigniory of Holderness, and E Ru 'ing the County of York; and to render more effectn ae Drainage of all and singular the Lands and Grounds wif the said several Parishes, Townships and Places, and within ther Townships, Hamlets and Places, within or Parcel or Mt er of the several Parishes mentioned, or any of them respectively.

[7th May 1802.]

[Persons destroying or damaging Works, declared guilty of Misdemeanors, punishable by Fine and Imprisonment. § 39.]

Cap. li.

An Act for amending, widening, improving and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from, or nearly from, Ferry,

otherwise called Bangor Ferry, in the County of Caernarvon, to or near to Pentre Voelas, in the Parish of Llanufydd, in the County of Denbigh.

[7th May 1802.]

[In part repealed, 59 3. c. 30.]

Cap. lii.

An Act for altering, amending and enlarging the Powers of so much of an Act passed in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, to the City of Winchester, and from the said City through Bellmour Lane, to the Top of Stephens Castle Down, near the Town of Bishops Waltham, in the said County, and from the said City of Winchester,

through

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III.

c. ni-i.

757

through Ottorhorne to Bar Gate, in the Town and County of the Town of Southampton; as relates to the South District of the Southampton Road.

[7th Map 1802.]

Capliii.

An Act for vesting Part of the Estates of John Williams Esquire* devised by the Will of Peckham Williams Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for discharging an Incumbrance thereon.

[7th May 1802.]

Cap. liv.

An :% for vesting the Entirety of certain Hereditaments in the County of Middlesex, and an undivided Moiety of certain other H 1 itaments in the same County, respectively devised, in stri Settlement, by the Will of John L Esquire, deceased, in Charles Shatv Lefevre Esquire, and his Heirs, and for settling the Entirety of certain Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Southampton, in lieu thereof, and to the like Uses.

[7th 1802.]

". Cap.lv.

An Act for repealing an Act passed in the Eighteenth Year of [isg. J. c. 7.] His pr es;nt Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for repairing Highi joys and Bridges in the County of Wigtown; and for the

civKhi amending, 'widening, alterepairing and

i. g in j °p'a, 'dieHoad from the High Bridge Cree, by New-

ton Douglask: '-nenluce and Stranraer, to Port Patrick, and from Stranraer to Confines of the County of Ayr near the Cairn of Lochryan; d<"‘'or levying a Conversion Money lieu of the

Statute Labo\ yJhnd otherwise regulating the making and repairing the High Roads and Bridges in the said County.

[f.§ 23.]

[24th 1802.]

Cap. Ivi.

An Act for enlarging the present, or providing an additional Work-house for the Parish of Chatham, in the County of for

raising Money for that Purpose; for the better ascertaining and

collecting the Poor Rates; and for the better Relief, Government and Employment of the Poor of the said Parish.

[24th 1802.]

ISeeilG.S. (U.K.) cop.lxii.]

Cap. lvii.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act., made in j-10 Ann. c. o. the Tenth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen pr.]

intituled An Act for erecting a Workhouse the and County of the City of Norwich, for the better Employment and maintaining the Poor there, so far as the same relates to the erecting a new Workhouse within the said City and County, for the better Maintenance of the Po thereof.

[24th May 1802.]

42 Geo. III. 3 D

758 C.lviii.—lx. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

lviii.

An Act for draining, preserving from Water, and improving certain Low Lands and Grounds, lying within the several Parishes or Chapelries of Wookey, West bury, Rodney Wed-more,

Mear, Weave, Nyland, East Brent,

South Brent, Cheddar, Axbridge, Compton Bishop, Bleadon, Brean, Berroxv and all in the County of

Somerset; and for altering and improving the Navigation of the River Axe, within the said Parishes of Bleadon, Lympsham, Loxton, East Brent, Compton Bishop, Biddisham, Badgworth, Weave and Axbridge, some or one of them, above and from a certain Place called Southern Mead Barrs, situate within the said Parish of Bleadon.

[24th May 1802.]

XLV. AND for preventing the breaking down or damaging any of the Works which shall be made or altered in pursuance of this Act, or otherwise obstructing the Execution of the same; Be it fur-Penalty for ther enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or damaging any Times hereafter wilfully or designedly damage any Cut, Drain or Works, (c. 58.) Watercourse, Floodgate, Outlet, Clice, Sluice, Bridge or other sing e e ony. Work or Works already made or erected, or which shall at any Time or Times hereafter be made or erected for answering any of the Purposes of this Act, all and every Person and Persons so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony, and the Court by and before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in such Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm; or the Court may, if they shall think fit, in Mitigation of such Punishment, award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny.

<c Obstruction Commissioners, &c. in Execution' of the Act, Ktf.

[21G. 3. c. 105. 52 G. 2. c. 66.]

22 6.5. c. 15.

Cap. lix.

An Act for continuing (b) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act passed in the Twenty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, made in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for amending and 'widening the Roads leading from Stretford’s

Bridge, the County of Hereford, to the New Inn, the

Parish of Winstanstow, in the County of Salop, and also

( Road from Bluemantle Hall, near Mortimer’s Cross, to Aym-

strey, in the said County of Hereford; and for repealing so much of on Act, made in the Twenty second Year of the Reign

‘ of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from Morti-< mer’s Cross to Aymstrey Bridge.’ [24th 1802.]

*\_Repealed so far as relates to the Road through Payts to the New Inn, § 2.]

Cap. lx.

An Act for continuing (b) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts, passed in the Ninth and Twenty eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the

Second,

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. lx.—Ixiii.

759

Second, and in the Twenty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening certain Roads therein described, so far as the same relate to the (Road from Henley Bridge, in the County of Oxfordto Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to Cidham Bridge, and to a Place called

in the Road leading to Magdalen Bridge, in the said County.

[24th May 1802.]

[FormerTolls repealed, and new Tolls granted. Double Tolls on Sundays.']

Cap. Ixb

An Act to continue (&) the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty's for repairing and widening the Road from the Bars at within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport in the county of , and several other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Bars at Boughton, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whitchurch aforesaid, being the First District of Roads in the said Acts mentioned.

[24th May 1802.]

[ Toils altered.]

Cap. lxii.

An Act for amending, widening, improving and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Worthing, in the Parish of Broadwater, in the County of Sussex, by Findon, Washington FUJI Rock and Ashington Common to Dial Post, and from thence by Nep Castle and BaybridgeLane, to the Steyning Turnpike, at

GrinstedPath, in the said County, (b) 24th 1802.]

Cap. Ixiii.

An Act for repealing an Act passed in the Twenty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the Stones End, in Kent Street, in the Parish of George Southwark, to Dartford, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Kent and Surrey, and for more effectually repairing and improving the said Roads, and for lighting and watching or guarding the same; and also for increasing the Compositions payable in lieu of Statute Duty, by the Parishes of East Greenwich and Saint Paid Deptford, to the Treasurer of the said Roads, [f] [24th May 1802.]

[So much of the Road leading from Stones End Bermond-

sey Street, to the Turnpike St. Thomas a Watering, as lies in the Parish of Bermondsey, ( about of a Mile,) shall in future be kept in Repair by Trustees of Bermondsey Turnpike Road, under 38 G. 3. c. xxv. and not under this Act or the Act repealed hereby. §56.— Trustees under this Act shall pay 1501. per Annum Trustees under 38 G* 3.for

keeping said Road in Repair. §58. See 49 G. 3. c. cxxviii.]

3 D 2

21 G. 5. c. 97.] See 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c.lxxix. Repealed 1&2G.4.

C. KXvi.

[53G.2. c. 51. 1SG.3. c. 86.]

[21G, c. 100.]

[See 26 G. 2. c. 100.]

27 G. 2. c. 38.

760

C. lxiv.—lxviii.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

lxiv.

An Act for repairing, widening and altering the Road leading from the South End of in the Parish of Great

Stoughton, in the County of to the Bedford

Turnpike Road in the Parish of in the County of

Buckingham, (f) [24th May 1802.]

Cap. Ixv.

r33G o c. 57. for continuing (&) the Term, and altering and enlarging

8 G. 3. c. 45.] the Powers of Two Acts, One passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening and keeping in Repair the Road leading from the Thirty nine Mile Stone, at the Upper End of Stone Street, in the Town of in the County of to a certain Place called Tubbs in the Parish of

brook, in the said County.

[24th May 1802.]

[Continued for 21 Years, fyc. and Powers enlarged, 53 3.

c. clxxxviiL]

Cap. lxvi.

[5 G. 3. c. 76. An Act for continuing (b) the Term, and altering and enlarging 19 G. 3. c. 105.] the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Fifth and Nineteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening and keeping in Repair, the several Roads in the County of Carmarthen, so far as relate to the Kidwelly District of Roads therein mentioned; for discharging the Trustees from the Care of a Part of the Roads within the said District, and for amending, widening, improving and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the North Side of a Bridge called

benlwyd-ar-Gwilly to a Bridge called Pont'Cir-cldy-lais, and from thence to the River Loucher, in the Parish of in the County of Carmarthen.

[24th May 1802.]

Cap. lxvii.

An Act for rectifying a Mistake in a Settlement, made by the Right Honourable John late Earl of Bute, and the Right Honourable Mary Wortley, late Countess of Bute and Baroness Mountstuart, his Wife, both deceased.

[24th 1802.]

Cap. lxviii.

An Act for vesting the settled Estates of George Esquire,

in Pont Island, otherwise Pont Boland, in the County of Northumberland and Winlatonin the County of Durham, in Trustees to be sold; and for applying the Money to arise by such Sale in or toward the Payment of the Debts and Legacies of Silvertop Esquire, deceased; and for annexing the Rectory and Tythes of the Parish Church of Bywell Saint Peter, in the said County of Northumberland, held' by a Lease for Twenty one Years, to the Uses of the Will of the said late John Silvertop; and for vesting in the said George Silvertop several Parts or Shares of certain Coal Mines or Collieries in Stella Kyo Field,

10 Chopwell

Chopvoell and the Parish of Ryton, in the said County of ham, heretofore belonging to the said John mostly

held by the like Tenure; and for enabling the said Sil-

vertop to charge Part of the settled Estates with the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, and to authorize the Executors of the said John Silvertop to pay to the said George Silvertop the Sum of Two hundred and thirty five Pounds, and deliver to him the Household Furniture and other Goods and Chattels, for his own Benefit; and also for vesting his Estate in Minster Acres in the said County of Northumberland, in Trustees, to certain Uses, and to the Uses of the said Will.

[24th May 1802.]

Cap. lxix.

An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands, in the Parish of in the County of Denbigh.

[24th May 1802.]

WHEREAS there are within the Parish of Henllan, in the County of Denbigh, divers Commons and Waste Lands: i And Whereas The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, in Right of his Crown, is entitled to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Lands, as Part of the Lordship of Denbigh and Denbigh i Land, except as herein after mentioned,’ &c.

A Commissioner appointed for dividing and allotting said Waste " Lands, subject to the Regulation in 41 G. 3. ( c.lOSL,—§1.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Land Revenue, for the Time being, may from Time to Time, by Writing under his Hand, nominate and appoint an Assistant Commissioner to carry this Act into Execution, as far as relates to His Majesty's Rights and Interests to and in the said Commons and Waste Lands; and such Assistant Commissioner, before he proceeds to the Execution thereof, shall take the same Oath as the Commissioner hereby appointed or hereafter to be appointed is required to take; and such Assistant Commissioner shall be paid at the Rate of Two Pounds and Two Shillings for every Day that he shall be actually employed in the Execution of the Duty hereby in him reposed, including, the Days of travelling to and from his Place of Abode, in full Satisfaction for his Trouble and Expences, and shall bear and pay his own Expences during the Time he shall be so employed.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall (after the Boundaries directed to be set out and ascertained by the1 said recited Act shall have been ascertained and fully determined, and the Roads and the several Allotments for getting Materials and for Sale as herein-before mentioned shall have been set out and assigned, and before any other Allotment shall be made or set out,) allot or set out to The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, with the Concurrence and Approbation in Writing of the said Assistant Commissioner, and not otherwise, so much and such Part or Parts of the said Commons and Waste Lands as shall be equal to One Twentieth Part in Value of so much thereof as lies within the said Lordship of bigh, and not included within the said Manor of Ikvch Ter fun, (of

3 D 3 which

Power for the Crown to appoint an Assistant Commissioner.

Allotment to The King’s Most Excellent Majesty.

762

C. lxix.—lxxi.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

which said Allotment of One Twentieth Part in Value an equal and rateable Proportion shall be set out in, upon and from that Part of the said Commons und Waste Lands known by the Name of Denbigh Green),

44 Commissioner shall take an Extract in Parchment under his Hand " and Seal of so much of the Awards as relates to His Majesty's " Allotment, and a Map or Plan thereof, and transmit same within " Six Months to Surveyor General of the Land Revenue. § 25. " Saving the Rights of The King to all Mines, &c. § 30. Provided " Satisfaction be made for any Damage pr Injury committed by the working of Mines. §31. General Saving. § 32.

Cap. lxx.

An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Moor or Common, Open Fields, Stinted Pastures and other Commonable Lands, within the Township of Mickleton, and Parish of in the North Riding of the County of York.

[24th May 1802.] [ Amended43 G. 3. c. 87.]

Cap. lxxi.

An Act for enabling certain Persons in the Town and Port of Liverpool) in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to erect an Exchange there, for the Accommodation of themselves, and the Merchants and others concerned in Trade in the said Town and Port; and for incorporating the Proprietors thereof.

[28th May 1802.]

WHEREAS the Merchants, Brokers, Underwriters and others concerned in Trade and Commerce, in the Town and Port of Liverpool, have for a long Time past experienced

great Inconvenience from the Want of a publick Exchange and

Rooms or Buildings, for the Purpose of transacting the general Trade and Business of the said Town and Port: And Whereas Plans and Proposals for erecting an extensive and ornamental Range of Public Buildings, and for forming a spacious Area on the North Side of the present Town Hall, by Subscription, have been approved of at a General Meeting of the Merchants and other Inhabitants of the said Town, and the Sum of Eighty thousand Pounds, in Shares of One hundred Pounds, was subscribed, and a Committee of Twenty three of such Subscribers was nominated for the Purpose of carrying the said Undertaking into Effect; and the Members of such Committee have, in pursuance of the Powers and Authorities vested in them, contracted and agreed for the entire Purchase of all and singular the Houses, 4 Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments comprized within the Limits required for the Purposes aforesaid, but inasmuch as such Committee, and the Proprietors at large of the said Undertaking, will be unable to carry the same into Execution without the Aid of Parliament: And Whereas it would tend greatly to the more effectual Completion of the said Undertaking, if the several Subscribers thereto were incorporated, and invested with such Powers and Authorities as may be requisite for carrying the Purposes aforesaid into Execution: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted,’ &c.

44 Certain

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. lxxi.—lxxiii.

763

" Certain Persons named incorporated under the Title of -

" pany of the Proprietors of the Liverpool. § 1. Power

" to take Conveyances of Premises within the Boundaries required " for the Building. § 2. And to stop up High Street to a certain " Extent, and make another Street in lieu thereof. § 3. And " to erect the intended Building. $ 5. An Area shall be formed " in front of the Exchange to be appropriated to certain Uses: " and Two publick Rooms provided for Commercial Business.

" As soon as the Undertaking shall have become productive " beyond the Expenditure, the Gains of the Concern shall be " divided amongst the Proprietors in Proportion to their Shares. " § 11, &c. Reservation of the Rights of the Common Council of " Liverpool under 26 G.3. c. 12.: And of the Rights and Powers " of the Liverpool Water Works Company, under 39 3. c. xxxvi.

" § 26, 27.

Cap. lxxii.

An Act for completing the rebuilding of the Tower of the Parish Church of Saint Anne, within the Liberty of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, and a new Vestry Room, Watch House, Engine House and Vaults, for the Use of the said Parish, and for repairing the said Church, improving the Church Yard, and making certain Regulations relating to the said Parish.

[28th May 1802.]

[Annuities granted under this Act are expressly exempted from being registered under 17 G. 3. c. 26. The 100l. per Annum to the Rector under Act of30 Car. 2. c. 7. pr separating the

Parish of Saint Anne from Saint Martin, shall in

future be payable out of the Poor Rates. § 34.]

XXXVIII. AND be it further enacted, That whenever any Poor Person or Persons shall be ordered to be removed from the said Parish of Saint Anne, to the Parish or Place of his, her or their legal or supposed legal Settlement, it shall be lawful for the Overseers of the Poor for the Time being of the said Parish, to cause such Poor Person or Persons to be removed in the usual Manner of removing Paupers, by some Person or Persons to be appointed by such Overseers for that Purpose, by writing under their Hands; and every Overseer of the Poor, or other proper Officer of the Parish or Place to which such poor Person or Persons shall be ordered to be removed as aforesaid, shall and is hereby required to receive every such Poor Person or Persons in like Manner as he would have been if such Poor Person or Persons had been delivered to such Officer by One of the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Saint Anne; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Cap. lxxiii.

An Act for raising a futher Sum of Money for carrying into Execution Three several Acts, passed in the Thirty fifth, Thirty eighth, and in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London, near Temple Bar; and for making a more commodious Street or Passage at Snow and for raising on

Removal of Poor.

[See 44. 3.

c. xxvii.

46 G. 3. c. xcvii. Term revived and continued. Continued, <£c. 49 G. 3. c. lxxxii.]

764

C. ixxiii.—lxxvii.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

See 51 G. c. cciii.

[See ‘28 G. 2. c. 49.]

1 G. 3. c. 84.

1(> G. 3. c. 79.] Powers consolidated

49.G.3.C cxxvii.

[25G.S.C. 117.] See 55 G. 5. c. xlviii.

[I G.l. c. 25.pr. 12 G. I. c. 17. 15G. 2. c. 9.]

7 G. 3. c. 102. 34 G. 3. c. 131.

the Credit of the Orphans’ Fund a Sum of Money for those Purposes; and for explaining, amending and enlarging the Powers of the said Acts.

[28th May 1802.]

Cap. lxxiv.

An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Fields, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of and Sutton, in the County of and for draining and preserving the said Commons and Waste Grounds.

[28th 1802.]

Cap. lxxv.

An Act for continuing (b) the Term, and altering and enlarging tine Po wers of several Acts passed respecting several Roads near the Borough of Ashburton, and the Town of Newton, and for amending, widening, altering and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from a Place called Moors Barn to the End of

Hill Lane, in the Parish of TIighwi; and for making and maintaining a Road from the Bottom of Bean Clapper Hill at the West End of the Village of Bean Prior, in the Parish of Bean Prior, through the Village of Bean Church, and from thence through the Parishes of and South Brent to Brent

Bridge, all in the County of Devon.

[28th May 1802.]

[. Former Tolls repealed, and others granted. Bouble Tolls on

Sunday 5.]

Cap. lxxvi.

An Act for repealing an Act passed in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from the Stones End in Blackman Street, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to Highgate, in the County of Sussex, and several other Roads therein mentioned, and for granting other Powers for those Purposes, (f) [28th May 1802.]

[Trustees under this Act shall be Trustees under 26 3.

c. 131. for the Surrey New Roads, as Trustees under repealed Act were. $ 2. Compensation to Trustees of Sutton Roads tinder 10 G. 3. c. 84.—§3. 21 Years,

Sfc. 5SG.3. c.lxxvi.]

Cap. lxxvii.

An Act for continuing (f) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, passed in the First and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King George the First, the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Seventh and Thirty fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex, and for amending the Road leading from Brent Bridge, over Hanwell Heath, through the Parishes of Hanwell, New Brentford and Ealing, to the Great Western Road, in the said County; and for lighting, watching and watering the Highway between Tyburn and Kensington Gravel Pits., [28 th 1802.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and others granted. Double Tolls on Sunday. Continued for 21 Years, 54 G. 3. c.ccix.]

A.D. 1802. 4-2° GEO. III. lxxviii.—lxxxi. 765

Cap. lxxviii.

An Act for enabling Trustees to make Exchange of a Messuage

and other Hereditaments at Scawby, in the County of (Part of the settled Estates of John Uppleby Esquire,) for a Messuage and other Hereditament at W in the said County of Lincoln.

[28th May 1802.]

Cap. lxxix.

An Act for dividing and allotting in Severalty the Open and Common Arable Fields, Commons, Downs, Common Meadows,

Common Pastures, and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Westbury, in the County of Wilts.

[28th May 1802.]

Cap. lxxx.

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tramroad, from or from near a certain Place called The Flats, in the Parish of TAanelly, in the County of Carmarthen, to or near to certain Lime Rocks, called Castell-y-Garreg, in the Parish of

Aberbythich, in the said County; and for making and maintaining a Dock or Bason at the Termination of the said Railway or Tramroad, at or near the said Place called The Flats.

[3d June 1802.]

WHEREAS the making and maintaining a Railway or TramV\ road for the Passage of Waggons and other Carriages from

or from near a certain Place called The, in the Parish of

1 Llanelly, to or near a Place called Castell-y-Garreg, in the Parish

‘ of Llanjihangel-Abcrbythich, in the County of Carmarthen; and the making and maintaining a Dock or Bason for Ships, Barges and other Vessels, with the necessary Works from the said Railway or Tramroad, at or near the said Place called The Flats,

‘ to communicate with the Sea', will be of very great Advantage to several Collieries, Iron Mines and Iron Works in the Neighbourhood, by opening a cheap and easy Communication for the Conveyance of Coal, Iron and other Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and will also greatly tend to the Improvement of the Country on the Line of the said intended Railway or Tram- road,’ &c.

" Certain Proprietors incorporated by the Name of The " thenshireRailway or Tramroad Company. § 1. Empowered to

k‘ raise 25,000l. and 10,000l. more if necessary. 32—37. Empowered to take Tonnage Duty and Tolls. § &c.

Cap. lxxxi.

An Act to continue (b) the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers [33 G. 2. c. 51. of Two Acts, One passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign 18 861

of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Bars at within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport, in the County of Salop, to Ivetsey Bank, in the County of Stafford, and from thence to Castle Bromwich and Stone Bridge, in the Parish of Hampton-in-Arden, in the County

766

C. lxxxi.—lxxxvi.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

County of Warwick, and from Castle Bromwich to Birmingham, in the same County; so far as the said Acts relate to the Roads leading from a Place called The Welsh Harp, in the Township of Stonnall, in the said County of Stafford, to Stone Bridge, and from Castle Bromwich to Birmingham, being the Fourth

District of Roads in the said Acts mentioned.

[3d 1802.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and others granted. See ante, Cap. Ixi,]

Cap. lxxxii.

[37 G. 3. c.i58. An Act to enlarge (ff) the Term, and to amend, alter and vary continuing, &c. the Powers of an Act passed in the Thirty seventh Year of the

T*' c’ Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to continue

the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers off an Act of the Eleventh Year off His present more effectually re-

pairing and amending the Roads from Liverpool to Prescot, Ashton and Warrington, and other Roads therein mentioned, the County Palatine off Lancaster, and to vary certain Parts of the Line of the said Roads.

[3d June 1802.]

[ Former Tolls repealed, and others granted. Repealed, 1 &2G. 4?.

c. xv.]

Cap. lxxxiii.

An Act for widening, altering, improving and repairing the Road leading from Alffreton, in the County of Derby, to the Town of Derby.{ff) [3d June 1802.]

" A Compensation of 100Z. per Annum shall be paid by Trustees " under this Act to Trustees of the Chesterfield Turnpike Road, " under 29 G.2. c. 82. (enlarged by 16 G. 3. c. 73. and 35 3. 154.)

" as a Compensation for Diminution of Tolls. § 4?9.

Cap. lxxxiv.

An Act for exchanging the settled Estate of Sir George Beeston Prescott Baronet, in the County of Chester, for another Estate of greater Value in the County of Flint, to be settled in lieu thereof.

[3d June 1802.]

Cap. lxxxv.

An Act to enable the High Court of Chancery to authorize and empower the Devisees in Trust under the Will of John Glover late of King Street, in the Parish of Saint, in the County of Middlesex, Gentleman, to grant a Lease for the Term of Ninety nine Years of the Messuage or Tenement therein mentioned, being Part of the Estate devised by the said Will, pursuant to an Agreement therein recited or for such shorter Term of Years, and upon such other Conditions, as to the said Court shall seem reasonable.

[3d June 1802.]

Cap. lxxxvi.

An Act for feuing the Glebe of the Parish of the Barony of Glasgow, in the County of Lanark.

[22d June 1802.]

WHEREAS from the Contiguity of the Barony of Glasgow, in the County of Lanark, to the City of Glasgow, Buildings

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. lxxxvi.—lxxxviii.

767

ings for Houses and the Purposes of Trade are increasing in the said Parish, particularly in that Part of it which is nearest to the said City; and it would be beneficial to the Community of the said Barony, and to the Advantage of the Minister of the said Parish, and to future Incumbents, if the Glebe belonging to the said Parish were converted into building Ground, and if Streets and Passages where necessary were opened through the same May it therefore please Your Majesty, &c.

44 Minister of the Parish empowered (with the Consent of certain Persons) to lay out the Glebe into Lots for Buildings, and sell the said Lots by Contracts of Feu, for Payment of perpetual yearly Feu Duties to the said Minister and his Successors.

Cap. lxxxvii.

An Act for exonerating and discharging Parcel of the Possessions of the Prebendary of the Prebend of Prees otherwise Pipa Minor, founded in the Cathedral Church of, in the County of Stafford, of and from a certain Lease made thereof; and for authorizing the Sale of the Mines and Minerals within the Premises comprized in such Lease, and for other Purposes.

[22d June 1802.]

Cap. lxxxviii.

An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the second Year [2 G. 3. c. 15.] of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better supplying the Cities of London and Westminster with Fishy and to reduce the present exorbitant Price and to protect

and encourage Fishermen, as limits the Number of Fish to be sold by Wholesale within the said City of and for the

better Regulation of the Sale of Fish by Wholesale in the Market of Billingsgate, within the said City.

[22d June 1802.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act ffor the better supplying the Cities of London and Westminster with

and to reduce the present exorbitant Price thereoff; and to protect and encourage Fishermen: And Whereas, in consequence of the great Increase in the Quantity of Fish of all Kinds brought to the Market of Billingsgate in the said City of, and of the improved Method of bringing the same to Market, the Publick are more amply and reasonably supplied therewith, than at the Time of the passing of the said recited Act; and the Provisions of the said recited Act for limiting the Number of Fish to be sold in each Lot are now become inconvenient and prejudicial to the Persons supplying the said Market with Fish and also detrimental to the Publick; and it would tend greatly to encourage and facilitate the Sale of Fish in the said Market, if the said Provisions in the said recited Act were repealed, so far as the same relates to the Limitation of the Number of Fish to be sold in each Lot by Wholesale in Billingsgate Market, or elsewhere within the said City of London, and be of publick Utility; and if the Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the said City of London, in Common Council assembled, were empowered to re-

gulate

76S

C. lxxxviii.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

2 G. 3. c. 15. $17, &c. as to Number of Fish in Lots sold by Wholesale in London, repealed.

Corporation of London empowered to regulate Sale of Fish Wholesale at Billingsgate, as under 36 G. 3. c. 118. by Retail.

Lots in which Fish shall be sold Wholesale.

gulate the Sale of Fish by Wholesale in the said Market Be it therefore enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said herein-before in Part recited Act of the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the Number of Fish to be sold in each Lot, by Wholesale, in Billingsgate Market or within the Space of One hundred and fifty Yards from Billingsgate Dock or elsewhere, within the said City of London, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Lord Mayor, Aider-

men and Commons of the City of, in Common Council as-

sembled, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, from Time to Time appoint the Hour for the Commencement of the Sale of Fish by Wholesale in Billingsgate Market aforesaid, or within the Space of One hundred and fifty Yards from Billingsgate Dock, in the same Manner as they are empowered to do with respect to the Sale of Fish by Retail in the said Market, under and by virtue of an Act passed in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to authorize the Sale of Fish at Billingsgate, by Retail; and that the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, shall have the like.Power, Authority, Jurisdiction and Controul over the said Market for the Sale of Fish by Wholesale as they now have over the Market for the Sale of the same by Retail, and also as they now have over the several other publick Markets of the said City or any of them.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Fish of any of the respective Sorts herein after specified, which, after the passing of this Act, shall be brought for Sale to the said City of

shall be openly and publickly exposed for Sale at the First Hand, and shall be sold in no greater Number or Quantity of Fish in any One Lot or Parcel, or by any greater Weight of Fish in any One Lot or Parcel, in Billingsgate Market, or within One hundred and fifty Yards of Billingsgate Dock, than herein after is directed and prescribed touching the same respectively; and that every Lot or Parcel of such Fish as aforesaid shall consist only of One Sort of Fish, and shall not be composed of Two or more different Sorts of Fish; (that is to say,)

All Fresh Salmon, not exceeding Twelve in any One Lot:

All Sturgeon, not exceeding Two in any One Lot:

All large Fresh Cod, not exceeding Ten in any One Lot

All Skait, not exceeding Six in any One Lot:

All Pike, not exceeding Ten in any One Lot:

All Turbot, not exceeding Twelve in any One Lot

All Bret, not exceeding Ten in any One Lot:

All Brill, not exceeding Ten in any One Lot:

All Pearl, not exceeding Ten in any One Lot:

All Kingston, not exceeding Five in any One Lot:

All Ling, not exceeding Five in any Lot:

All Dorys, not exceeding P'ive in any One Lot:

All Half Fresh Cod, not exceeding Sixteen in any One Lot:

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. lxxxviii.

7 69

All Quarter Fresh Cod, not exceeding Twenty four in any One Lot:

AH Mullets, not exceeding Ten in any One Lot:

All Cole Fish, not exceeding Five in any One Lot:

All Salmon Trout and other Trout, not exceeding Twelve in any One Lot:

All small Cod, not exceeding Forty eight in any One Lot:

All small Pike, not exceeding Twenty four in any One Lot:

All large Haddock, not exceeding Twelve in any One Lot:

All small Haddock, not exceeding forty eight in any One Lot:

All Perch above Six Inches long from the Eye to the Fork of the Tail, not exceeding Twenty four in any One Lot:

All Carp, Gurnet, Tench and Sea Bass, not exceeding Twenty four in any One Lot:

All Thornbacks, not exceeding Eight in any One Lot:

All large Soals, not exceeding Twelve Pair in any One Lot:

All small Soals, not exceeding Twenty four Pair in any One Lot:

All Mackarel, Whitings, Whiting Pouts, Plaice, Dabbs, Herrings, Pilchards, Garb Fish, Flounders and Maids, not exceeding One hundred and twenty in any One Lot:

All large Smelts, not exceeding One hundred and four in any One Lot:

All small Smelts, not exceeding Five hundred and twenty in any One Lot:

All Eels, not exceeding Thirty Pounds Weight, in any One Lot; unless any single Fish shall exceed that Weight:

All large Lobsters and Crabs, of either Sort, not exceeding Twenty in any One Lot:

All small Lobsters and Crabs, of either Sort, not exceeding Forty in any One Lot.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That notwith- Fish may be standing any Thing herein-before contained, it shall be lawful for sold in smaller any Person to expose to or for Sale, and to sell in Billingsgate Qua-ntlties ®r Market aforesaid or within One hundred and Fifty Yards of sing e

lingsgate Dock, any of the said herein-before mentioned respective Sorts of Fish by the single Fish, or in any smaller Number or Quantity, or any Eels by any lesser Weight than herein-before is prescribed for the selling in any One Lot, any of the said respective Sorts of Fish herein-before specified; and that if any Proprietor Penalty on of Fish or any Salesman or Factor or Person interested or employed Fishmongers to sell any Fish in the said Market, or within One hundred and refusinS to sell fifty Yards of Billingsgate Dock, shall refuse to sell or shall enter Fbh^of

into any Agreement or Confederacy not to sell to any Person or 65 Persons in the said Market, or within One hundred and fifty Yards of Billingsgate Dock, during the Market Hours, a single Fish or any other smaller Number or Quantity of Fish of any of the Sorts or Kinds above mentioned, which shall be brought or exposed to or for Sale at or in the said Market or within One hundred and fifty Yards of Billingsgate Dock, or any Eels so brought or exposed to or for Sale, by any Lesser Weight than herein-before is prescribed, at the fair Market Price of the Day, of the same Sort or Kind of Fish, then and in every such Case every Person who shall so offend in the said Premises, and shall be thereof convicted in

the

770.

C. lxxxviii.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Recovery of Penalties before One Alderman, Xc. by Distress and Sale;

or Two Months’ Imprisonment.

Limitation of Prosecution Three Months.

the Manner herein after by this Act directed, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be levied, recovered and applied in Manner herein after directed.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Lord Mayor, Recorder or any One Alderman for the Time being of the said City, shall and may hear and determine all Offences committed against the true Intent of this Act; and that all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted and made payable by this Act shall be paid within Twenty four Flours after the Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, either by his or their Confession, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, which Oath the said Lord Mayor, Recorder or any One Alderman respectively is hereby authorized and required to administer; and that the said Lord Mayor, Recorder or any One Alderman respectively, may issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals respectively, directed to any Peace Officer within their respective Jurisdiction, to levy the same by Distress of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Person or Persons who shall be so convicted, and which shall be found within the said City, and if within Five Days from any such Distress being taken the Money forfeited shall not be paid, together with the Costs of such Distress, the Goods so distrained shall be appraised and sold, rendering the Overplus, if any, after deducting the Penalty or Forfeiture, and the Costs and Charges of the Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof, which Charges shall be ascertained by the Magistrate before whom the Offender or Offenders shall have been convicted; and if sufficient Distress cannot at any Time be found, whereby the Money which shall be forfeited by any Offender or Offenders against this Act can be levied on his, her or their Goods and Chattels, then and in every such Case, on Proof thereof upon Oath before the said Lord Mayor, Recorder or any One Alderman respectively, the said Lord Mayor, Recorder or any One Alderman respectively shall, on the Application of any Prosecutor or Prosecutors of any such Offender or Offenders, issue a Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the said Lord Mayor, Recorder or any One Alderman respectively, directed to some Peace Officer or Officers, to apprehend any such Offender or Offenders, if he, she or they can be found, and to convey and commit every such Offender and Offenders to any Gaol or House of Correction within the City, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months, as the said Lord Mayor, Recorder or any One Alderman respectively shall order, unless the Money which shall be forfeited by such Offender or Offenders shall be sooner paid.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That no Person shall suffer any Punishment for any Offence committed against this Act, unless the Prosecution for the same be commenced within Three Calendar Months after such Offence committed; and that where any Person shall suffer Imprisonment pursuant to this Act, for any Offence contrary thereto in Default of Payment of any Penalty hereby imposed, such Person shall not be liable afterwards to pay such Penalty.

i( Power to compel Attendance of Witnesses. § 7. Form of Conviction. tf 8. Application of Penalties, Half to the Informer and

" Half-

42° GEO. III. C. lxxxviii. lxxxix.

771

1802.

[Publick Act.]

44 Half to Greenwich Hospital. § 9. Appeal to the next or ensuing " Quarter Sessions for the City, with Eight Days’ Notice and Security in Double the Sum forfeited. § 10. Order shall not be " quashed for want of Form, &c. § 11. Limitation of Actions, Six "Months. Venue. General Issue. Treble Costs. §12. § 13.

Cap. lxxxix.

An Act to remove Doubts as to certain Acts relating to the Admeasurement of Coals in the City and Liberty of Westminster and Parts adjacent; and to revive and continue an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Admeasurement of Coals within the Limits aforesaid; and to indemnify all Persons who have acted in pursuance of any of the Provisions of the said Act.

[22d June 1802.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty sixth Year of G. 3. c.ios. the Reign of His present Majesty King the Third,

intituled An Act for explaining, amending and reducing One

Act of Parliament, the several Acts passed for more effectually

preventing the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals voithin the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bone, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn as lie the County of Middlesex (a): And Whereas an Act was passed in

the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for 3. c. 6l.

continuing the said Act until the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and ten: And Whereas at the Time of passing of the said last mentioned Act, the said recited Act had expired, and Doubts have arisen whether the said recited Act of the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty was continued by the said Act of the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, and whether the Provisions of the said recited Act are now in force: And Whereas the said Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His said_present Majesty, was very beneficial to the Inhabitants of the said City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent;

and it is therefore expedient that such Doubts should be removed,

and that the said Act should be revived and continued for a 4 limited Time:’ May it therefore please Your Majesty' that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after 26 G. 3. c. 108. the passing of this Act, the said recited Act passed in the Twenty 1yvive(b and sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the I^edTill^th Third, shall be, and the same is hereby revived, and shall be and June 1817 &c. is hereby continued until the Twenty fourth Day of June, which will be in the Year of Our Lord One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and that all Persons who shall have acted in pursuance

(a) [Repealed^! G.3. Sess. 2. c. lxviii.]

V2° GEO. III.

772 C.lxxxix.—xcii.

A.L

of or according to any of the Provisions of the said reci. 1 shall be, and are hereby indemnified therein against all Foricitures and Penalties incurred thereby; and all Acts, Matters and Things done or performed in pursuance of or according to ar p€ t> Clauses, Powers or Provisions of the said recited Act, anc; ' ^ent and are hereby declared to be as valid and effectual in el, 0 from spect, as if the said Act of the Twenty sixth Year of the r>

His said present Majesty had been revived and continue* Lower See 57 G. s. said Act passed in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of.

c- present Majesty. ' 1802.]

[Publick Act.]

" § 2.

[31 G. 3. c. 62. and See

36G. 3. c. 66.

5001.

Cap. XC.

An Act for altering and amending an Act passed in tC first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intitule*

for widening, improving, regulating, paving, cleansing anti

the Streets, Lanes and other publick Passages and Placl the Kings Town of Maidstone, the County of K<: removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, 7 and Annoyances therein; for better supplying the

Water, and for repairing the Highways within the‘i Maidstone; and for raising a further Sum of Money ir pleting the Purposes of the said Act.

[22d June

[. Additional Rates authorized. Powers enlarged, 59 G. 3.

trging

f the tituled 't Hall by

Hand Hall Wirks-d The

all

1802.]" c. X’.’

Empowered to raise a further Sum of Money 45 G. 3. c.xlii.

Cap.

xci.

wers

from

An Act for amending an Act passed in the Fourteenth Y#

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for /

establishing publick Quays or Wharfs Kingston upoip; 1802.] the better securing His Majesty's Revenues of y

the Beneftof Commerce in the Port of Kingston upon ip.

making a Bason or Dock, with Reservoirs, Sluices, Roads u,. other Works, for the Accommodation of Vessels using the sap Port;and for appropriating certain Lands belonging to Majesty, and for applying certain Sums of Money out f Majesty's Customs at the said Po an'cC establishing other necessary Regulations within the and

Port of Kingston upon Hull; and also for making additional Basons or Docks at Kingston upon Hull, with an Entrance into the same from the River Humber; and for granting certain Lands belonging to His Majesty, in Aid of the said Works.

[22d 1809

ito

00k

Grant of Part of His Majesty's Military Works. §42.

Cap. xcii. -A \

An Act for amending, altering and extending the P. -?ers of t tin several Acts of Parliament now in force, for supplying the City of Dublin with Water, and for making better Provision for that Purpose [22d 1802.]

[See 49 G.3. c.lxxx.]

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. xciii.—xcvii.

Cap. xciii.

An Act for vesting divers Estates in the Parishes of Bradford and Cal1 rley, in the West Riding of the County of purchased Benefit of the Proprietors of the Bradford Canal Navi-in Trustees, upon certain Trusts, discharged from all ' -of the Crown in respect of any Forfeiture incurred under virtue of the Laws or Statutes of Mortmain.

[22d June 1802.]

.states vested in Trustees, discharged from all Claims of own. § 1.

Cap. xciv.

or repealing an Act passed in the Thirty second Year of esent Majesty's Reign, for improving the Navigation of rer Medway, from the Town of through the

Parishes of Maidstone, Boxleyand

County of Kent; and for the better and more effectually ing the Navigation of the said River.

[22d June 1802.]

Persons incorporated by the Name of The Company of orsof the Lower Navigation of the River and

jred to maintain the Navigation. $ 2, &c. Rights of the company of Proprietors of the Navigation of the River Medway, (under 13 G. 2. c. 26. reviving and amending 16 & 17 ^ar.2. c. 11.) shall not be abridged, altered or restrained. § 73.

Cap. xcv.

"or dividing, inclosing, draining and preserving the Open alf Year’s Meadow Land, Common Pastures, Moors :te Lands, within the Parish of Saxelby, in the County oln, and Townships of Harhy and in the

of Nottingham.

[22d June 1802.]

Cap. xcvi.

\ct to empower the Mayor, Aldermen and Common Council-?n of the Borough of Boston, in the County of to take

uown the Bridge over the River Witham, in the said Borough, and to erect a Bridge over some other Part of the said River, within the said Borough, and to open and make proper Avenues, Ways and Passages thereto, and to enlarge and improve the Gaol and House of Correction within the said Borough, and to purchase and take down several Houses for the Purposes afore-

M.

[22d 1802.]

: ne ot

Q

so

Cap. xcvii.

i Act for making and repairing the Road from Causeway Head near Sth fgig, through the County of Clackmannan, by the Foot of the Ochil Hills and by West Saline and Crossfoord, towards Queensferry, and certain Roads branching out of the same; and for converting the Statute Labour in the said County of -n.

[22d June 1802.]

[Amended 57 G.3. xliii.] 42 Geo. III. 3E

773

[S2 G. 3.C. 105.]

774

C.xcviii.—ci.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

xcviii.

[32 G. 2. c. 60. An Act for continuing (b) the Term and altering and enlarging s G^3. c. o7. the Powers of several Acts, passed in the Thirty second Year oi

81 .3. c, 109.] pie Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in

the Third and Eighteenth Years of the Reign of His pr Majesty, for repairing, widening and amending the Road the Town of Uttoxeter to the Town of Newcastle undes and from Cliffe Bank to Snape, and also fron

Lane to Hem Heath, all in the County of Stafford.

[22d Jv

Cap. xcix.

[33.G3. c.l.52 ] An Act for continuing ( bthe Term and altering and the Powers of an Act passed in the Thirty third Ye Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third,

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the P in Wirksworth, to the Turnpike Road leading from Brassington, at or near to a Place called The Cross in on Hulland Ward, and also Road from the said U to another Turnpike Road leading from the Cross Post worth Moor to Matlock Bath, at near to a Place crJ

Steeple House, in the Township of Wirksworth the County o/"Derby.

[22d Jun

{Continued for 21 YeS^c. 1 G.4. c.lii. Tolls varit

[See 10 G. 1. c. 15.]

IS G. 2. c. 22. 26 G. 2. c. 73. 10 G. 3. c. 90.

Term and Powers altered and enlarged 49G.5. c.clxxii. See 44 G. 3. c. xxxvii.

46 G.3. c. cxxv. 51 G. 3. c. xlii. 55 G. 3. c.lxxxix.

Cap. c.

An Act to continue (b) the Term, and alter and enlarge the y of several Acts heretofore passed, for repairing the Ror Dunchurch to Stonebridge, in the County of Warwick.

[22d Jun

[Former Tolls repealed, and new Tolls .]

Cap. ci.

An Act for making and maintaining, and for watching, light, and watering a Road from the India Docks in the hi.

Dogs, to communicate with a Street called o

Church Street, Whitechapel, and for making and maintaining i Branch of Road therefrom, to communicate with Queen in the Parish of Saint Anne, all in the County of Middlesex; so: opening, widening and improving certain Streets and Passages therein mentioned; and for more effectually amending and keep, ing in Repair a Road from Ratcliffe Highway, through Street, in the County of Middlesex, into the Road leading i> the County of Essex, and also from the West End of Street into Cable Street, and from Upper Shadwell Street into t, Back Lane, in the said County of Middlesex.

[22d June 1802.

<< Five per Cent Interest or Dividends allowed on Money subscribed for making the Road, till the same shall be made; and " afterwards such Dividends (not exceeding Ten per Cent.) as " Trustees shall agree, on any Sum not exceeding 50,000l. subscribed before the End of Three Months after passing the Act.

9 " § 11.

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. ci.—cr.

11 §11. The Trust of the Cannon Street Road Acts (27 G.2. c< c. 40. 5 G. 3. c. 103. and 39 & 40(7.3. cx.) transferred to the

<c Trustees under this Act, subject to the Provisions of the said " Acts. §137.

Cap. cii.

An Act for authorizing the Persons therein named to concur on the Part of Peter de Salts Esquire, and the other Persons entitled under the Settlement executed by Jerome de Salts Esquire, and Mary his Wife, and the Will of the said Mary in

making a Partition of certain Estates late of the Right Honourable Susanna Viscountess Fane, situate in the Counties of Armagh, Limerick and Tipperary, in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called

[22d

Cap. ciii.

An Act for vesting certain Trust Estates, Stocks, Funds and Securities, of which John Beards Esquire, and Thomas Williams Esquire, were Trustees, in James Palmer Hobbs Esquire, and George Burley Gentleman.

[22d June 1802.]

Cap. civ.

An Act to enable John Shynner Esquire, and Bigoe Charles Williams Gentleman, on Behalf of John Perry and James

Infants, who are entitled to undivided Shares in certain Copy-hold Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, situate within the Manor of Tottenham otherwise, in the Parish of

Saint Pancras, in the county of , late the Estate of

Catharine Whitehead, deceased, to concur with the Owners of the several other undivided Shares of the same of Hereditaments in making a Partition and Division thereof; and to enable the said John Skynnerand Bigoe Charles Williams to sell or mortgage a competent Part of the Shares of the said Infants therein, and to apply the Money arising thereby, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, for the Maintenance and Advancement of the said Infants, to make such Surrenders of their Shares as may be necessary.

[22d June 1802.]

Cap. cv.

An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Will of John Paul Esquire, situate in the county of , in John Paul Paid Esquire, in Fee Simple, discharged from the Uses and Trusts of the said Will, in Exchange for an Estate in the County of Gloucester, and for vesting the Residue of the said devised

Estates, in the County of Wilts, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Monies to arise by such Sale under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses.

[22d June 1802.}

776

C. cvi.—cxi.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

41G. 5. (U.K.) e. exli.

[16 & 17 Car. 2. c. 12. pr.

7 G. 3. c. 87. 35 G. 3. c. 86.

Cap. cvi.

An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships or Hamlets of ^Serverby and Mart on > and within the Manor of Server by cum Marton, in the Parish of Bridlington, in the East Riding of the County of York.

[22d June 1802.]

Cap. cvii.

An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Ings, Carr, Common and Waste Lands and Grounds within the Township of otherwise

Fleece-ton, in the Parish of Folkton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

[22d June 1802.]

<£ Rectors’ and Vicars’ Allotments shall be exempt from Drainage <£ Taxes under 39 & 40G. 3. c. cxviii.

Cap. cviii.

An Act for altering, amending and rendering more effectual, an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for dividing and allotting a certain Fen, called Wildmore Fen, the County of Lincoln; and for dividing, allotting in Severalty, and inclosing the parochial or general Allotments set out, or to be set out, in pursuance of the said Act, for compensating for the Tythes of such Allotments, and for declaring and determining to what Parish or Parishes the several Allotments of the said Fen shall belong.

[22d June 1802.]

Amended 58 G.3. c.xlvi.]

Cap. cix.

An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of and in the County of Bedford.

[22d June 1802.]

Cap. cx.

An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Township of in the County of Derby; for protecting certain Springs situate on the said Commons and Waste Lands; and for the better securing a Supply of Water for the Use of the Inhabitants of the Town of TVirksrvorth, in the said County.

[22d June 1802.]

" For getting Stone. $ 10. Separate Award and Plan of Allot-il ments to the King. $ 27-

Cap. cxi.

An Act for explaining, amending and rendering more effectual, several Acts of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and of the Seventh and Thirty fifth

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. cxi.—cxiii. 777

Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Navigation of the River Itchin, in the County of Southampton.

[26th June 1802.]

The River shall in future cease to be exclusively navigated by the Proprietors under former Acts, and shall be a publick navi- gable River under the Provisions of this Act.

[Poioers extended 1 G. 4. lxxv.]

Cap. cxii.

An Act for building and maintaining a Harbour and Pier at the Town and in the Parish of Thurso, in the County of Caithness.

[26th June 1802.]

Cap. cxiii.

An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for rendering more commodious and for better regulating the Port of London, so far as the same relates to the Concerns of the West India Dock Company thereby established, and for extending to other Objects the Compensations directed to be made by the said Act.

[26th 1802.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for rendering more commodious and for better regulating the Port of London, whereby certain Persons therein named, and others therein described, were declared to be united into a Company,

which should be known by the Style or Firm of The West India Dock Company, and were empowered to subscribe the Sum of Five

hundred thousand Pounds, as and for a Capital or Joint Stock, and

to appoint from Time to Time, as therein is mentioned, Twenty one Persons, who should be and be called The Directors for conducting and managing the Affairs and Business of the said Company; which Directors and their Successors, so from Time to Time to be appointed, were empowered, within the Space of Five Years from and after the passing of the said recited Act, to make and complete navigable Docks, Basons and Cuts, with Quays or Wharfs and Warehouses adjoining, or attached to the same, to be situate in such Part as is therein described of the Tract of Land called The Isle of Dogs, in the Parish of Stebonheath, otherwise

Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, and to inclose such of the said Docks as should be used for the unloading of Ships, and the Quays, Warehouses and other "Buildings, to be made and built upon or near the Banks thereof, with a Wall and Ditch as therein is mentioned; and it was thereby enacted, that for the Term of Twenty one Years, commencing from the Time when the said Works should be ready for the Reception of Ships and Goods, all the Ships and Vessels which should come from the West Indies into the River Thames, with Cargoes of West India Produce,

should unload and land their respective Cargoes within some or one of the said Docks, or on the Quays or Wharfs Avhich should belong thereto; and that the Duties which should be payable to

See 51G. 3. c. ccii.

Sec 47 G.3.

Scss. 2. c. 6'5. & c. xxxi.

44 G. 3. c.viii.

59 G. 5. c.lxix.

§ 38, &c.

778

C. cxiii.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

The Directors of the West India Dock Company empowered at any Time within Five Years from the passing of this Act to complete the Docks and Works by the recited Act authorized to be made.

The King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Successors in respect of the same, should thereupon, during the said Term, be ascertained

at such Quays or Wharfs, and not elsewhere (except as in the said Act is excepted); and certain Rates and Duties therein mentioned were thereby appointed to be paid to the said Company, for the Ships and Vessels which should use the said Docks,

and for Goods imported from the West, which should be

landed or discharged from on board of such Ships or Vessels and the said Company were thereby empowered to augment their said Capital to any such further Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six hundred thousand Pounds of Capital, as by any General Meeting of the said Company should be deemed necessary and expedient; and in case the said Five hundred thousand

Pounds, to be raised by Subscription for the Use of the said Company, should not be all so raised, or should be found insufficient, then the said Company were thereby also empowered to

borrow on the Credit of the said Rates and Duties such Sum or

Sums of Money, as together with the said Sum of Five hundred

thousand Pounds so subscribed, or such Part thereof as should be actually raised as aforesaid, might make and amount to any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds, for completing the said Works: And Whereas, although very considerable Progress has been made in carrying the said recited Act into Execution, the whole of the

Docks, Basons, Quays, Warehouses and other Works thereby authorized to be made and erected, cannot be completed within the Period of five Years in the said Act mentioned; and it is therefore necessary that further Time should be allowed for that Purpose: And Whereas, in consequence of the increased Extent and Magnitude of the said Docks and other Works, beyond the

original Plan upon which the Estimates were founded, it will be necessary to raise a further Sum of Money to complete the same: And Whereas it is expedient that certain of the Powers and Regulations thereby enacted should be altered and amended, and other and further Powers and Authorities granted, and Regulations made for better carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said Act:’ May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by The King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the said Directors for conducting and managing the Affairs and Business of the said Company, and their Successors, by themselves, their Agents, Workmen and Servants, at any Time or Times, within the Space of five Years next ensuing the passing of this Act, to design, lay out, make and complete the said Docks, Basons, Cuts, Quays or Wharfs and Warehouses, by the said recited Act authorized to be made; and to use and exercise during the same last mentioned Period of five Years such and the same Powers and Authorities for carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said Act; and all such Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Regulations, Matters and Things, shall be in full Force and Effect for such Period, in like Manner, in every Respect,

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. cxiii.

779

as if the said Period of Five Years by this Act mentioned had been prescribed by the said recited Act; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

" §58. of 39 G. 3. c. lxix., concerning the surrounding Wall and " Ditch, repealed. § 2."

III. And be it further enacted, That there shall be built, byway Directors em-of inward Fence to the Quays on the North Side, and at the East powered to and West Ends of the Dock intended to be used by the said Company for the unloading of Ships, a strong and substantial Wall, not Wa],s i)el7vcou

less than Twenty Feet in Height from the original Level of the the Warehouse"

Land on which the same shall be built, in a parallel Line with and on the North

so as to connect the North Fronts of the Warehouses or Buildings Side, and at the

erected or to be erected on the North Side of the same Dock, and ^san

which Wall shall close in the North Side of each of the Intervals or 11 ’

+vacant Spaces of Ground which are or shall be left between the said Warehouses or Buildings, and shall be continued and extend from the North East Corner of the same Warehouses or Buildings as far as the Lock made or to be made at the East Entrance of the last mentioned Dock, and shall also extend from the North West Corner of the said Warehouses or Buildings as far as the Lock made or to be made at the West Entrance of the same Dock; and that no House or other Building (except the outward Wall herein after directed to be built and any necessary Bridge or Bridges) shall on any Account or Pretence whatsoever be hereafter erected within One hundred Feet of the Outside of the said connecting Wall, or of any of the North Fronts of the said Warehouses or Buildings and if any Person or Persons shall hereafter erect any House or other Building whatsoever, except as aforesaid, on the Outside of the same connecting Wall, and within the last mentioned Distance therefrom, or from any of the North Fronts of the same Warehouses or Buildings, he, she or they, so offending, shall, for every such

Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and also Penaltylool^c.

the further Sum of Fifty Pounds for every Month during which such Offender or Offenders shall permit such House or other

Building, or any of the Materials thereof, to stand or remain

within the Distance last aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That a Wall similar to the said and to con-connecting Wall shall also be built and placed so as to extend tinue such confront the South Side of the said Lock, at the East Entrance of the necting Wall last mentioned Dock, and be continued all along and at a proper s?de of the Vaid Distance from the South Side of the said Dock, as far as the Dock;

South Side of the said Lock at the West Entrance of the said

Dock, so that the Whole of the said Dock, and the Quays and Wharfs belonging thereto, may be effectually inclosed by the same Walls.

V. And be it further enacted, That the North Side and the East and to build and West Ends of the said Dock, to be used for the unloading of another Wall, Ships, together with the said Quays, Warehouses and other Build- tS:c- ou lhc ings to be made and built along or near such North Side and Ends North side> &c* thereof, shall be inclosed by another strong and durable Brick or

Stone Wall with an Iron Railing on the Top thereof, to extend from the North Side of the said Lock, at the East Entrance of the said Dock, to the North Side of the said Lock, at the West Entrance of the said Dock, leaving only sufficient Spaces in such

780

C. cxiii.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

When any of the Docks, &c. shall be approved as ready for Reception of Ships, &c. Notice shall be published in the Gazette, &. c.

Wall for proper and necessary Gateways through the same; and immediately without the same last mentioned Wall, and for the whole Extent thereof, there sh^ll be a Ditch of the Width of Twenty Feet at the least, which shall be always (except during the Times of cleansing or repairing the same) kept filled with Water, to the Depth of not less than Six Feet; and which Wall and Ditch, and also the other Walls herein-before directed to be built, the said Directors are hereby authorized and empowered to build and make accordingly, as soon as conveniently may be.

VI. And be it further enacted, That when any One or more of the said Docks, by the said recited Act and this Act authorized to be made and built by the said Directors, with the Bason or Basons, Quays, Wharfs, Warehouses, and other Works belonging or to belong thereto, shall be so far completed that in the Judgment of the Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, the same shall be fit for the Reception of Ships and Goods respectively, it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, and he and they are hereby respectively authorized and empowered by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to certify and make known the same; which Certificate shall be published Three Times at the least in the London

and in Two or more publick Morning Newspapers then usually circulated in London; and the said Certificate, so published as aforesaid, shall be deemed sufficient Notice to all Parties interested in the Completion of the Dock or Docks, Quays, Wharfs, Warehouses and other Works, concerning which such Certificate of Approbation shall be made; and from and after the Expiration of Ten Days next ensuing the First Publication of the said Certificate in Manner aforesaid, all the Rates and Duties by the said recited Act and this Act made payable to the said West India Dock Company, for Ships and Vessels entering into and using any of the said Docks, or any of the Basons and Cuts belonging or which shall belong thereto, and also for any Goods, Wares and Merchandize, which shall be landed or discharged from any Ship or Vessel lying within any of the said Docks, or any of the Basons or Cuts belonging or which shall belong thereto, shall commence, take effect and become payable; and then and from thenceforth such of the Quays and Wharfs then made or built by the said Company, as shall be described in such Certificate to be fit for the Reception of Goods, shall be deemed and taken to be legal Quays and Wharfs accordingly; and all the Provisions in the said recited Act contained relating to the Increase of Interest or Dividends from and after the Completion of the said Docks, Cuts, Quays, Wharfs, Warehouses and other Works, and for compelling Ships and Vessels that shall arrive in the River Thames, with West India Produce on board, to unload and land the Whole of such Produce within some or One of the said Docks, or on the Quays or Wharfs belonging or which shall belong thereto, and for causing The King’s Duties in respect of the same to be ascertained at such Quays or Wharfs, and not elsewhere, and compelling such Ships and Vessels belonging to or frequenting the Port of, as shall be used or employed in the West India Trade, to ship or take in their respective Cargoes, and be loaded either in some or One of

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. cxiii. 781

the said Docks, or in such Part of the River Thames as shall be below the Entrance into the intended Canal at Blackmail aforesaid, shall take Effect and be in full Force and Operation; and the said Term of Twenty one Years, during which the aforesaid Provisions are to be in Force, shall commence at and be computed from the Expiration of Ten Days from the Time of the First Publication of the said Certificate as before mentioned; any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after such Gates and Publication as aforesaid, all the Gates and Doors of such of the Doors of Dock said Docks, Quays, Wharfs and Warehouses as shall be inclosed x^i^of ° with a Wall or Walls and Gates as before mentioned, and also the ships, shall be Hatches of such Ships or Vessels as shall from Time to Time lie under the Joint in the said Dock or Docks with G oods on board, shall be under Locks of the the joint Locks of the said West India Dock Company, and of the ^th^Reve"^ Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs and Excise, or of their officers.evenue respective Officers, and shall be locked and opened only in the

joint Presence of One or more of the Officers of the said Company, and of One or more of the Officers of the said respective Commissioners duly appointed and authorized in that Behalf, and shall never, on any Account or Pretence whatsoever, be locked or opened but in the joint Presence of such Officers; and the Officer or Officers whose Duty it shall be to attend the locking up and opening of the said Gates, Doors and Hatches respectively, shall, and they are hereby required to lock up and open the same, or to cause or procure the same to be locked up and opened in their Presence, at the Hours herein after next mentioned for that Purpose; and every such Officer refusing or neglecting to attend at the locking up and opening of the said Gates, Doors or Hatches respectively, as herein directed, shall, for every such Offence,

(upon being convicted thereof) forfeit and pay any Sum not ex- Penalty* ceeding Fifty Pounds, not less than Twenty Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after such Hours for

First Publication as aforesaid, and during such Term of Twenty opening and one Years as before mentioned, from the Tenth Day of November ^ates^f the to the Ninth Day of May, both inclusive, in every Year, the Gates &cle

of such of the said Docks, Quays and Wharfs, as shall be so inclosed with a Wall, according to the Directions of this Act, shall be opened for Business at the Hour of Eight in the Morning, and continue open until the Hour of Five in the Afternoon, and shall be shut at the said Flour of Five in the Afternoon, and continue so shut until the Hour of Eight in the Morning; and from the Tenth Day of May to the Ninth Day of, both inclusive,

in every Year, the said Gates shall be opened for Business at the Hour of Six in the Morning, and so continue until the Hour of Six in the Afternoon, and shall be shut at the said Hour of Six in the Afternoon, and continue so shut until the Hour of Six in the Morning.

[ See44 G.3. c. 100. § 14.]

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after such First Hours for the Publication as aforesaid, and during such Term of Twenty one Attendance of Years as before mentioned, the Officers of His Majesty's Revenue the Revenue appointed to act and acting within and upon the said Docks, officers-Quays and other Works of the said Company, shall from the

Tenth Day of November to the Ninth Day of, both inclusive, in every Year, attend and transact Business from the Hour of

782

C. cxiii.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

Christmas Days and Good Fridays, General Fasts and Thanksgivings.

No Person shall remain within the Docks, &c. while shut, except a Guard.

Nine in every Morning to the Hour of Four in every Afternoon; and from the Tenth Day of to the Ninth Day of

both inclusive, in every Year, from the Hour of Eight in the Morning to the Hour of Four in every Afternoon; and that during the said Hours and Times so limited and appointed, there shall be no Intermission or Cessation of Business, on any Account or Pretence whatsoever.

No Holidays,

X. And be it further enacted, That from and after such First except Sundays, Publication, and during such Term of Twenty one Years as aforesaid, no Holidays whatsoever shall be permitted or allowed to be observed and kept at the said Docks, Quays, Wharfs, Warehouses or other Works of the said Company, either by any Officer or Officers of or belonging to His Majesty's Revenue, or by any Officer or Servant of the said Company, or other Person or Persons whatsoever, except Sundays, Christmas Days and Good, and

any Day which shall be appointed by His Majesty's Proclamation for the Purpose of a General Fast or Thanksgiving; but that all Business of the said Company, and relating to His Majesty's Revenue, and of all Persons using the said Docks, Quays, Wharfs, Warehouses, or other Works, shall be carried on upon all Ploil-days, except as before excepted, in the same Manner as upon any other Days in the Year.

XI. And be it further enacted, That from and after such Publication, and during such Term of Twenty one Years as aforesaid, no Person whatsoever shall be permitted to remain within such Part of the said Docks, Quays, Warehouses, and other Premises as are to be inclosed within the Wall to be connected with the North Fronts of the said Warehouses as aforesaid, during any Part of the Hours and Times when the same Premises are to be kept shut and locked up as directed by this Act, unless it shall hereafter appear to the said Directors that a Guard or Watch may be necessary within the said Premises, in which Case the said Directors are hereby empowered to appoint and place within the same, or any Part thereof, such Guard or Watch and during such Hours as they shall think proper.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall appear to powered to per- the said Directors necessary and proper to permit any Fire, Can-mit Fires, &c. dies, or Lamps, to be lighted and used within any of the said

Docks, or the Basons, Cuts, Quays, Wharfs, Warehouses and other Works which shall belong, thereto, it shall be lawful for the said Directors, from Time to Time, to authorize and permit the same to be lighted and used in such Part or Parts thereof, and during such Times and Flours as they shall specially order and direct in that Behalf; any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after such

Publication, and during such Term of Twenty one Years as aforesaid, upon the Arrival of any Ship or Vessel in the River Thames, with a Cargo of West India Produce, the Master or Commander of such Ship or Vessel shall, on or before her Arrival at

well and securely lock down and fasten, with strong and sufficient Locks and other Fastenings, to be provided at the Expence of the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, all the Hatches leading to or connected with the Cargo of such Ship or Vessel; and from the

Directors em-

within the Docks, &c. notwithstanding recited Act.

Regulations for securing Cargo to be observed by Masters of ’Vest India Vessels before Arrival at Gravesend.

A.D. 1802.

C. cxiii.

783

42° GEO. III.

Time of her Arrival at Gravesend the said Master or Commander shall remain constantly on board such Ship or Vessel, and keep her Hatches so locked down and fastened until the same Ship or Vessel be safely moored in One of the said Docks, and until such Master or Commander shall have delivered the Keys of such Locks or Fastenings to such Officer or Servant of the said Company as shall be duly authorized to receive the same; and in case any Master or Commander of any such Ship or Vessel shall refuse or neglect to provide such Locks and other Fastenings, or to lock and fasten down the Hatches of such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, or to keep the same so locked and fastened down, or shall leave such Ship or Vessel after her Arrival at Gravesend, and before she shall be safely moored, and the said Keys so delivered as last aforesaid, or shall refuse or neglect to deliver the said Keys to such Officer or Servant as before mentioned, within Two Hours next after such Mooring, every such Master, Commander or other Person so offending, shall, for every such Offence (upon being convicted thereof), forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds nor less than Twenty Pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after such Publication, and during such Term of Twenty one Years as aforesaid, every Master or Commander of any Ship or Vessel which shall arrive in the River Thames from any Part of the West Indies, shall in every Case make his Report of such Ship or Vessel, and of her Cargo, at the Custom House in London, within Twenty four Hours next after her Arrival within any One of the said Docks, and shall also within Forty eight Hours after such Ship or Vessel and Cargo shall be so reported, deliver or cause to be delivered Two true Copies of the Manifest of the Cargo of such Ship or Vessel, at the Principal Office or House in the City of London used for the Time being for the Management of the Affairs of the said Company to such Officer or Servant of the said Company as shall be appointed for the Receipt thereof; and every such Master or Commander refusing or neglecting to make such Report or to deliver Two true Copies of such Manifest within the respective Times, and in the Manner before directed, shall for every such Offence (upon being convicted thereof), forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, nor less than Twenty Pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted, That from and after such Publication and during such Term of Twenty one Years as aforesaid, in case any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, the Produce of the West Indies, shall be brought into any of the said Docks, Basons or Cuts, on board of any Ship or Vessel, and shall not be duly entered at the Custom House in London, and also at such other Office of His Majesty's Revenue as shall be required by Law, within Seven Days next after the Ship or Vessel importing the said Goods, Wares or Merchandize, shall have been reported at the Custom I-Iouse, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Officer or Officers of the said West India Dock Company, as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the Directors thereof, on the next ensuing Day, (not being a Sunday, Christmas Day or Good Friday, or a Day appointed by His Majesty's Proclamation for the Purpose of a General Fast or Thanksgiving,) to

[Penalty.]

Regulations as to Report of Ship and delivering Manifest by Master.

[Penalty.]

On Neglect to enter at Custom. House, &c. West India Goods brought into the Dock Premises,

Seven Days after the Vessel is reported, the Company may enter the same the next Day, & c.

784

V. cxiii.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

On Neglect to enter such Goods for Eight Days after the Vessel shall have been reported, the Officers of the Customs may seize the Goods, &c.

cause such Goods, Wares or Merchandize to be duly entered at the Custom House, or other proper Revenue Office, and thereupon to pay or to give Security according to Law for the Payment of the Duties to which the same shall be subject; and forthwith to land and warehouse such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, and retain the same as a security for the Payment of the Duties to which they shall be subject, and the Rates and Duties Payable thereon to the said Company, and the Charges and Expences of entering the same, together with the following Charges to be payable to the said Company for making such Entry; (that is to say,) for every Cask of Sugar, Rum and Coffee, of whatever Weight or Dimensions, One Shilling; and for every other Package of Goods, of whatever Kind or Denomination, Six Pence; and in case the said Duties, Rates, Charges and Expences shall not be paid and discharged by the Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, within One Calendar Month next after such Entry as aforesaid shall be made thereof by the Officer or Officers of the said Company, it shall and may be lawful for the said Directors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to sell and dispose of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or any Part thereof, to answer and satisfy the said Duties, Rates, Charges and Expences, together with the Expence attending such Sale, and legal Interest for anjr Sum or Sums of Money which shall and may be advanced or disbursed for or on Account of such Duties, Rates, Charges, and Expences, or any of them, rendering the Overplus (if any) of the Monies arising by the said Sale, and such of the said Goods, Wares and Merchandize, as shall remain unsold, to the Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, who shall respectivel}' be liable to pay or make good the Deficiency (if any) which shall or may arise from the Proceeds of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize proving inadequate to satisfy and discharge the Amount of such Duties, Rates, Charges, Expences and Interest as aforesaid: Provided always, that the Court of Directors of the said Company shall be, and they are hereby authorized to remit the Whole or any Part of the said Charges to be paid to the said Company for making Entries of Goods as aforesaid, under any special Circumstances which shall appear to the said Court of Directors to Warrant such Remission.

[See 47 G.3. Sess. 2. c. 65.]

XVI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That from and after such Publication, and during such Term of Twenty one Years as aforesaid, in case any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize as aforesaid shall remain unentered at the proper Revenue Offices for the Space of Eight Days next after the Ship or Vessel importing the same shall have been reported at the Custom House, (or for the Space of Nine Days when such Eighth Day shall happen to be Sunday, Christmas Day or Good, or a

Day appointed by His Majesty's Proclamation for the Purpose of a General Fast or Thanksgiving,) then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the Officers of His Majesty's Customs or Excise, whose Duty it shall be to attend the unlading of such Ship or Vessel, and they are hereby required to seize for and on Behalf of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, all such Goods,

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. cxiii.

78/5

Wares or Merchandize, as shall so remain unentered, in order to secure the Duties payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in respect thereof, together with the Charges of such Seizure, and all Costs, Charges and Expences, which shall be occasioned thereby, and thereupon shall forthwith proceed to land and warehouse the same; and in case the Whole of the said Duties, Costs, Charges and Expences, and the Rates and Duties payable to the said Company, shall not be paid within the Space of One Calendar Month from the Time of the Seizure of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, or any Two or more of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Excise, immediately after the Expiration of such Calendar Month, to order and direct the same to be sold, and the Proceeds arising from such Sale (after Payment of the Rates and Duties which shall be due and payable to the said Company), to be applied according to the Directions of an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Pier late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act encouraging the Tobacco Trade; any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

[ See as to Auction, 47 G. S. Sess. 2. c. 65.]

XVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after such Publication, and during such Term of Twenty one Years as aforesaid, no Ship or Vessel which shall arrive in the River, with

West India Produce on board, shall on any Account or Pretence whatsoever be permitted to break Bulk, or land any Part of her Cargo, until the Whole of such Cargo shall be duly entered at the Custom House, or other proper Revenue Office (except in the Case of Seizure as herein-before mentioned); and every such Ship or Vessel shall be laid or placed along the Side of one of the said Quays, in order that the Cargo thereof may be discharged upon such Quay; and all such Ships or Vessels shall be so discharged or unloaded upon one of the said Quays, in due Succession or Rotation, according to the respective Dates or Times when the Entries of their Cargoes at the Custom House and other proper Revenue Offices shall have been fully made and completed, and the Warrants of such Entries delivered to the proper Officers of the said Dock Company appointed to receive the same, or the unentered Part of such Cargoes shall be seized as aforesaid, and not according to the Times of the respective Arrivals of such Ships or Vessels in any of the said Docks; and that the said Company shall be at Liberty, and they are hereby authorized, to discharge and unload all such Ships or Vessels, in such Succession or Rotation as aforesaid, with all convenient Dispatch after the Cargoes thereof shall be duly entered as aforesaid, or the unentered Part thereof shall be seized; any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Master or Commander of every Ship or Vessel which shall or may unload in any of the said Docks, Basons or Cuts, or in case of his Death, Disability or Incapacity, the next Chief or Senior Officer then actually serving or employed on board such Ship or Vessel, shall, during all the Time employed in unloading or discharging such Ship or Vessel, actually remain on board, and superintend, aid and assist in such unloading or discharging; and that every Master or Commander, or in case of his Death, Disability or Incapacity, the next

If Duties not paid in One Month, Goods may be sold, &c. as herein mentioned.

12 Ann. st. 2. c. 8. § 5.

No West India Vessel permitted to break Bulk until the Whole of her Cargo be duly-entered, S. c.

Vessels shall be discharged in Rotation of Entry, &c.

The Commander, or Senior Officer, shall be on board all the Time of unloading.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

786

West India Goods chargeable with Duties according to Weight or Measure, shall be weighed or gauged immediately after being landed, &c.

How the Tare Weight of Casks shall be ascertained.

C. cxiii.

Chief or Senior Officer then actually serving or employed on board of such Ship or Vessel, who shall neglect or refuse to superintend, aid and assist in the unloading and discharging of the same as aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds nor less than Twenty Pounds.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after such Publication, and during such Term of Twenty one Years as aforesaid, all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, being India Produce, as shall be brought into any of the said Docks, and shall be chargeable with Duties according to the Weight or Measure thereof, shall be respectively weighed or gauged, as the Case shall require, immediately or as soon as may be after the same shall be landed or unshipped, and before any Samples for Sale shall be taken from the same; and immediately or as soon as may be after such Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall be weighed or gauged and surveyed, examined and Samples for Sale taken from the same, they shall be deposited and kept in some or one of the Warehouses built and provided, or to be built and provided by the said Company as before mentioned, under such joint Locks as are herein prescribed and directed, except in Cases where the immediate Removal of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize from the said Quays shall be authorized by Law.

XX. And Whereas Staves for Sugar Hogsheads and other Casks cannot always be procured in the West Indies from or other Countries from which the same are usually brought, and the Proprietors of West India Produce, or their Agents, are in such Cases compelled to use Staves made of Wood grown in the West Indies, and much heavier than the Staves ordinarily used, and thereby the Allowance for the Tare of Casks of such Wood, made by the Revenue Officers according to certain Rates per Hundred Weight on the Gross Weights of the Casks and their Contents,

is not sufficient Be it therefore further enacted, That from and after such Publication as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Directors, as and when they shall think fit, during the said Term of Twenty one Years, to empty or cause to be emptied in the Presence of the Landing Waiter belonging to His Majesty's Customs then on Duty, any Number of Casks which they may think proper, of the different Sizes in each Cargo of West India Produce which shall be brought into any of the said Docks, the Number so to be emptied not exceeding Two Casks of each Size and Description in each Cargo; one of such Two Casks to be selected by some Officer of the said Company appointed for that Purpose, and the other of them to be selected by the said Landing Waiter, as to each and every Size and Description of which any Casks shall be so emptied; and it shall be lawful for the said Directors to cause such emptied Casks to be weighed in the Presence of such Landing Waiter, and an Account to be taken in Writing of their different Weights; and that then and in every such Case the respective Average Weight of the Two Casks so to be selected as aforesaid shall be taken and considered as the Average Weight or Standard by which the Tares of the Remainder of the Casks of the same Size and Description respectively in such Cargo shall be computed and ascertained; and the same shall be computed and ascertained accordingly, and shall be observed and allowed between

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. cxiii. 787

the Consignees of such West India Produce and the Officers of His Majesty's Revenue in computing the Net Weight of such Produce.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all Goods, Wares and West India Merchandize, imported in Ships from the West, which shall Goods shall be

be landed on the said Quays, shall be surveyed and examined by 23^"’hansom e competent Person or Persons to be appointed by the said pening thereto Directors for that Purpose, and which Person or Persons shall en- ascertained and quire into and ascertain the Causes and Extent of any Injury or valued, and Damage which shall have happened to the same, either by Sea Samples taken^ Damage, improper Stowage or otherwise, and shall compute and the Quays

value such Injury or Damage, and deliver his or their Report in 10 Writing thereon to the Directors of the said Company as soon as may be; and the same, or some other Person or Persons to be appointed in Manner last aforesaid, shall collect and take, or cause to be collected and taken, Samples for Sale of all Goods, Wares and Merchandize which shall be landed on the said Quays before the same shall be removed therefrom (the Quantity of which Samples, in the Case of Sugar, shall never exceed One Pound and a Half Avoirdupois Weight from each Cask :) And in Consideration Additional of the great additional Expence and Trouble which will be occa- p1a^s all sioned by such Survey and Examination, and ascertaining the ^vtPxndiana Causes and Extent of any Injury or Damage, and the Amount or g00(js on ' Value thereof, and also by taking such Samples of the said Goods, account of such Wares and Merchandise, and delivering the Whole of the said Trouble. Sample to the Order of the Importers thereof, which he and they is and are hereby required to do, there shall be payable and paid to the said West India Dock Company, or their Collectors, Receivers or Agents, for their Use, for all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, imported in Ships from the West, as shall be

landed, unshipped or discharged from on board of any Ship or Vessel within any of the said Docks, and shall be so surveyed and examined, and Samples taken thereof as aforesaid (over and above the Rates and Duties by the said recited Act granted), the additional Rates or Duties next herein after mentioned; (that is to say,)

For all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize (except Sugar), as by the said recited Act are or shall be chargeable with the Payment of any Rate or Duty to the said Company, according to the Weight thereof, there shall be payable and paid the additional Rate or Duty of Two Pence per Hundred Weight, and for Sugar the additional Rate or Duty of One Penny per Hundred Weight:

And for all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, as by the same Act are or shall be chargeable with the Payment of any Rate or Duty to the said Company, according to the Measure thereof, there shall be payable and paid the additional Rate or Duty of One Shilling per Cask.

Which additional Rates or Duties shall be paid by the Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize respectively, and shall be levied and collected in such Manner as in and by the said recited Act and this Act is directed with respect to the Rates and Duties made payable to the said Company; and the said additional Rates and Duties are

78S

C. cxiii.

42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

So much of §137. of recited Act as directs the Times of Payment of Rates repealed.

Other Times appointed.

In Default of Payment, Directors empowered to sell Goods.

No Fees shall be taken by the Company’s or Revenue Officers.

hereby vested in the said West India Dock Company, and their Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, holding for the Time being Shares of the Capital Stock of the said Company as their own proper Monies, but for the Purposes in the said recited Act mentioned, concerning the Rates and Duties thereby granted.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as directs that the Rates or Duties thereby granted in respect of such of the Goods, Wares and Merchandize to be imported from the West Indies as should be subject to the Payment of any Duty to The King’s Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, should be payable and paid when the Post Entry of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize should be made at the Custom House, and as directs that the Rates or Duties thereby granted in respect of such of the said Goods, Wares and Merchandize as should not be subject to the Payment of any Duty to The King’s Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, should be payable and paid before such Goods, Wares or Merchandize respectively should be taken from the said Dock Premises, shall be repealed, and the same is hereby repealed accordingly.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Rates or Duties by the said recited Act and this Act or either of them, granted to the said Company in respect of Goods, Wares and Merchandize being West India Produce, which shall be imported into the Port of London, shall in every Case be payable and paid within One Calendar Month next after the Cargo of the respective Ship or Vessel importing the same shall have been completely discharged or unloaded; or in case such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be removed from the Quays or Warehouses of the said Company before the Expiration of One Calendar Month, then the said Rates and Duties which shall be payable and paid in respect of the same, previous to such Removal thereof; and in case Default shall be made in Payment of the said Rates or Duties, or any of them, for the Space of Two Calendar Months next after the Expiration of such One Calendar Month as last aforesaid, it shall be lawful fc; the said Directors to sell, or cause to be sold, all or any Part of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize for which the said Rates and Duties, or any Part thereof, shall remain payable, and out of the Monies thence arising to retain and pay all the Rates and Duties which shall be payable to the said Company in respect of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and all Charges and Expences of making such Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) of the Monies arising by the said Sale, and such of the said Goods, Wares, and Merchandize as shall remain unsold, to the Person or Persons who shall be entitled thereto.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Fee, Perquisite or Reward, of any Denomination whatsoever, shall be taken, accepted or received, by any Officer or Officers, Servant or Servants, who shall or may be employed in the Service of the said West India Dock Company, other than the Salary or Wages that shall or may be paid or allowed to such Officer or Officers, Servant or Servants respectively by the said Company; nor shall any Fee, Perquisite or Reward whatsoever, be taken, accepted or received by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Revenue, who shall or may attend, act or be employed in the Discharge of any Duty, Office

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. cxiii. 789

or Employment of His Majesty's Revenue within the said Docks, Basins, Cuts, Locks, Quays, Warehouses and other the Premises of or belonging to the said Company, for any Service, Act or Duty Which shall or may be done or performed within the same, touching or concerning any Goods, Wares or Merchandize that shall or may be imported and unladen therein; and that every Person, taking, accepting or receiving any Fee, Perquisite or Reward, contrary to this Act, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay back the Amount of the Fee, Perquisite or Reward so taken, accepted or received, and in Addition thereto any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds nor less than Twenty Pounds; any Thing in the said recited Act, or any other Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to deprive or prohibit any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Revenue from taking, accepting or receiving any Fee, Perquisite or Reward which by Law he now is or shall be entitled to, for or in respect of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize which shall or may be exported from the said Docks, Basins, Cuts, Locks, Quays, Warehouses and other Premises, whether the same Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall or shall not have been previously imported into and unladen therein.

XXVI. And Whereas such Ships and Vessels as shall bring a Cargo into and be unloaded in any of the said Docks, will, under the said recited Act, be entitled and may be permitted to go into and remain for Six Months in such of the said Docks as shall be set apart for empty or light Vessels, without thereby incurring any additional Charge; but inasmuch as new or other Vessels may frequently come into such last mentioned Dock or Docks to take in their outward bound Cargoes, or for their

greater Safety and Accommodation without being so as aforesaid entitled to the Use of such Dock or Docks, free from additional Charge Be it therefore further enacted, That there shall ^e payable and paid to the said W India Dock Company, or to their Collectors, Receivers or Agents, for their. Use, for every Ship or Vessel which shall enter into and use any of the said Docks to be set apart for empty or light Vessels, and shall not be so as aforesaid entitled to enter and remain therein without any additional Charge on that Account, the Rate or Duty of Two Shillings for every Ton of the Tonnage Burden of such Ship or Vessel ;, which Rate or Duty shall be paid by the Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, or by the Owner or Owners thereof, and shall be ascertained, levied and collected in such and the same Manner, in all respects, as in the said recited Act is prescribed concerning the Duty of Six Shillings and Eight Pence per Ton thereby granted, and shall be accepted for and in Satisfaction of the Use and Conveniency of the said Dock, for any Space of Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months; and all Charges of the navigating, mooring, unmooring, removing and Management of such Ship or Vessel, from her Arrival at the Entrance into such Dock, until she shall depart therefrom: Provided nevertheless, that this Act shall not extend to charge with the last mentioned Rate or Duty any Lighters or Craft entering into any such of the said Docks as shall be set apart for light Vessels, to

Additional Penalty.

Exception for lawful Fees on Exportation.

Rate for light Vessels using Docks, withoub having first; brought in a. Cargo*.

790

*50,000l.

[32 G. 3. c. 102.]

37 G. 3. c. 100.

[7 G. 3. c. 98.]

[See former Acts,

[26 G. 2. c. 82. 19G. 3. c. 79.]

C. cxiii.—cxvii. 42° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

convey, deliver, discharge or receive Ballast or Goods to or from on board of any Vessel or Vessels.

" The Company empowered to increase their Capital to 800,000l.

" § 27. Or to borrow such further Sums as with their present " Capital and further Subscriptions may amount to 800,000l. and " to assign the Rates as a Security for Repayment of Monies borrowed. § 28. No Securities to have Preference on account of " prior Dale. § 29. No Monies shall be subscribed or lent to the " Company in less Sums than 100l. each. Securities for any less " Sum so lent, shall be void. § 30. No Transfer shall be made of " any smaller Sum of the Company’s Capital Stock than 100l. u thereof. §31. Directors shall not be personally answerable for " Acts legally done by them in' the Capacity of Directors. § 32.

" Compensations under § 121. of recited Act extended to Lightermen employed in unloading, &c. India Ships. $ 33. As

" also to Sugar Coopers, for Losses under last Act and this. § 34.

" For paying Expences of obtaining this Act. § 35. Powers,

[Publick Act.]

" Clauses, &c. of recited Act extended to this Act. §36. § 37.

[This Act not affected by 43 G. 3. c. 132. See

§ 31. of that Act.]

Cap. cxiv.

An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the Boat Pool of Dairy in the Glen to the Port and Town of Kirkcudbright, in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright.

[26th June 1802.]

Cap. cxv.

An Act for making and maintaining certain Railways to communicate with the Monmouthshire Canal Navigation, and for enabling the Company of Proprietors of that Navigation to raise a further Sum of Money* to complete their Undertaking; and for explaining and amending the Acts, passed in the Thirty second and Thirty seventh Years of His present Majesty's Reign, relating thereto.

[26th June 1802.]

[See 49 G. 3. c. 98. Sch. A. tit. Coastwise.']

Cap. cxvi.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the more effectual draining the Lands lying in the Level of Ancholme, in the County of Lincoln, and making the River Ancholme navigable from the River Humber, at or near a Place called Ferraby Sluice, in the County of Lincoln, to the Town of Glamford Briggs, and for continuing the said Navigation up or near to the said River from thence to Bishop Briggs, in the said County of Lincoln.

[26th June 1802.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and others granted.]

Cap. cxvii.

An Act for the more effectually amending, widening, improving and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at Buckton Burn, in the County of Durham, through Berwick upon

A.D. 1802. 42° GEO. III. C. cxvii.—cxix. 791

Tweed, to Lammerton Hill, and also several other Roads therein Amended mentioned, lying in the said County, and within the Liberties of 50 G. 3. c. lxi. the said Town of Berwick ;and also for erecting Two Bridges jv—

over the River Tweed, and for making Two Roads from the said Bridges to the Road leading from Berwick aforesaid to in the said County of Durham.(b)

[26th June 1802.]

[Former Acts repealed.]

Cap. cxviii.

An Act for vesting divers Freehold and Leasehold Messuages, Pieces or Parcels of Ground and Hereditaments, situate in several Parishes in the County of Middlesex, heretofore the Estates of Thomas Taylor Esquire, the Father, and Thomas Taylor Esquire, the Son, both deceased, and several Leasehold Messuages in the same County, heretofore the Estate of Sarah Otway Widow, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, and for applying the Purchase Money according to the Directions of the said Court, such Directions to be given upon Application in a summary Way.

[See 20 G. 2. c. 6.pr.]

---

[26th June 1802.]

Cap. cxix.

An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Commons and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Coningsby, otherwise Conesby, in the County of Lincoln.

[26th June 1802.]

[Index removed.]

