THE

STATUTES

OF

THE UNITED KINGDOM

OF

GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND.

58 GEORGE III. 1818.

LONDON:

Printed by His Majesty's Statute and Law Printers;

And sold by J. Butterworth and Son, Law Booksellers, in Fleet-Street.

1818.

---

(Price 16s. in Boards.)

A

TABLE

Containing the TITLES of all

THE STATUTES,

Passed in the SIXTH Session of the FIFTH Parliament

of

The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland : -

58 GEORGE III.

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

1. AN Act to repeal an Act made in the lad Session of Parliament, intituled An A3 to continue an A3 to embower His-MajeJly to feeure and detain such Persons as His MajeJty JhM fyfpeS are conspiring again# Hkt Person and Government. Page n

2. An Act to suspend, until the End of the present Session of Parliament, the Operation of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to provide for the more deliberate luveftigation of Presentments to be made by Grand Juries for Roads and Public Works in Ireland, and for accounting for Money railed by such Preferments. 2

3. An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt,

Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, in Great Britain; and on Pensions, . Offices and Personal Estates, in Englandj for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eighteen. Ibid.

4. An Act for raising the Sum of Thirty Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eighteen. 3

5. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as

have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the time limited for those Purposes respectively, . until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; and to* permit such Pferfons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the Fir ft Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and to allow Persons to make and file such Affidavits, although the Persons whom they served shall have ne-gleded to take out their Annual Certificates. Ibid.

6 An Act for indemnifying Persons who, since the Twenty sixth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and f^oteen, have acted in apprehending, imprisoning or detaining in Custody Per-

A 2*fone

IV

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

fons suspected of High Treason or Treasonable Practices, and in the Suppreilion of tumultuous and unlawful Afiemblies. 5

7. An Act to indemnify all Persons whe have, been concerned in ad-

vising, issuing or carrying into Execution any Order or Orders for permitting the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms into and out of certain of His Majesty's West India Islands. 8

8. An Act to authorize the Governors of the Hospital of King Charles the Second for ancient and maimed Officers and Soldiers of the Army of Ireland, (ufually called the Royal Hospital at Kilmainham, ) to suspend or take away the Pensions of such Pen-fioners of the said Hospital as shall be guilty of any Fraud in re-fpeft of Prize Money or Pensions, or of any other gross Misconduct.

10

9.An Act to further continue, until the Fifth Day of July One

thousand eight hundred and eighteen, Two Acts of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing the Duties of Customs on Madder imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof. Ibid.

10. An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act, passed in the Fifty

fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and to indemnify certain Persons in relation thereto. 11

xi. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. 13

12. An Act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces

while on Shore. 16

13. An Act for charging Duties on Licences for retailing Aqua

Vita in Scotland. 21

14. An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for

preventing the further Circulation of Dollars and Tokens issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England. 23

15. An Act to amend an Act made in the Twenty sixth Year of His

present Majesty, for the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, so far as relates to the Oaths thereby required to be taken. 24

16. An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of April One thousand

eight hundred and nineteen, and amend an Act of the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for reducing the Duties payable on Horses used for the Purposes therein mentioned. 25

17. An £.ft for charging certain Duties on Four wheeled Carriages

conftrufted and drawn in the manner therein described. 26

18. An Act to charge an additional Duty on Corks ready made,

imported into Ireland. 28

19. An Act to allow for Three Years, and until Six Weeks after the

Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, the Importation into Ports specially appointed by His Majesty, within the Provinces of Nova Scotia and New Brunswick, of the Articles therein enumerated, and the Re-exportation thereof from such

Ports. Ibid.

20. An Act for more effectually discovering the Longitude at Sea,

and encouraging Attempts to find a Northern Passage between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans, and to approach the Northern Pole. 30

2i, An

V

(Public General) 58° GEO. III.

2i« An Act to revive and continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, several Laws relating to the Duties on Glass made in Great Britain; and to prohibit the making of Smalts within a certain Distance of any other Glass House, or by the Maker of any other Kind of Glass. 38

22. An A^ for fixing the Rates of Subfiflence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers. 39

23. An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions, by the Transfer of certain Three Pounds per Centum Annuities into other Annu--ities, at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum; and for granting Annuities to discharge certain Exchequer Bills.

40

24. An Act for enabling His Majesty to make further Provision for

His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, <tnd to settle an* Annuity on the Princess of HeJ[e% in case (he shall survive His said Royal Highness.: 55

25. An Act fblr enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity on Her

Royal Highpefs the Duchess of Cumberland, in case of her surviv-ing His Ro'yal Highness the Duke of Cumberland. 56

26. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand

. eight hundred and nineteen. Two Acts made in the Fifty fourth*

and Fifty sixth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for regulating the Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland reciprocally, and to amend the same. 58

27. An Act to permit the Importation of certain Articles into His

Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies^ or on the Continent of South America; and also certain Articles into certain Ports in the West Indies. 39

28. An Act to repeal an Act made in the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for establishing the Use of an Hydro-

. meter called Sites9s Hydrometer, in ascertaining the Strength of Spirits, in Head of Clarke*s Hydrometer; and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof. 60

29. An Act for regulating the Payment of Fees for Pardons under

the Great Seal. 6+

30. An Act for preventing frivolous and vexatious Actions of Assault and Battery, and for flanderousWords in Courts. Ibid.

31. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of His Majesty's Reign, to make further Regulations for the building

* and repairing of Court'Houses and Sessions Houses in Ireland.

65

32. An Act to amend so much of an Act of the Fifty fifth Year

of His present Majesty, as relates to the Salaries of Clergymen officiating as Chaplains in Houses of Correction. 66

33. An Act to altqr the Allowance for broken Plate Glass, and to

. exempt Manufacturers of certain Glass Wares from Penalties for

not being licensed. 67

34. An Act to repeal the several Bounties on the Exportation of

refined Sugar from any Part of the United Kingdom, and to allow other Bounties in lieu thereof, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and for reducing the Size of the Packages in which refined Sugar may be exported. 69

35. An Act to provide for the maintaining of the Royal Canal

from the River Liffey to the River Shannon in Ireland. 71

AS 36. Act

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

36. An Act to carry into Execution a Treaty made between Ufa

Majesty and the King of Spain, for the preventing Traffic in Slaves. 71

37. An Act for further continuing, until the Fifth Day of July

One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, an Act of the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty, to continue the Reftri&ions, contained in several Acts of His present Majesty, on Payment* of Ca(h by the Bank of England. 85

38. An Act to extend and render more effectual the present Regu-

lations for the Relief of Seafaring Men and Boys, Subjects of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Foreign Parts. 86

39. An Act to explain and amend an Act palTed in the Fifty sixth

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the Law of Ireland respecting the Recovery of Tenements from abfco tiding, overholding and defaulting Tenants, and for the Protection of the Tenant from undue Distress. 88

40. An Act to continue the Laws now in force relating to Yeomanry Corps in Ireland.99

41. An Act to amend an Act made in the Fifty sixth Year of His

Srefent Majesty, for regulating and securing the Collection of the )uties on Paper in Ireland, and to allow a Drawback of the Duty on Paper used in printing certain Books at the Press of Trinity College, Dublin. Ibid.

42. An Act for enabling the Trustee of certain Premises at Great Yarmouth in the County of Norfolk, held in Trust for His Majesty, to execute a Conveyance of the same to a Purchaser thereof.

, o7

43* An Act for preventing the Destruction of the Breed of Salmon, and Filh of Salmon Kind, in the Rivers of England. Ibid.

44. An Act to alter the Application of Part of the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds granted by an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AB for improving the Road from the City of Glasgow to the City of Carlifte.

45* An Act for building and promoting the building of additional Churches in populous Parishes. 115

46. An Act for Relief of Persons entitled to Entailed Estates, to be

purchased with Trust Monies, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland. 146

47. An Act to establish Fever Hospitals, and to make other Regu-

lations for Relief of the fullering Poor, and for preventing the Increase of infectious Fevers in Ireland. 147

48. An Act to amend an Act, parted in the last Session of Parlia-

ment to encourage the Establishment of Banks for Savings, in England. 157

49. An Act to explain Three Acts, palTed in the Forty sixth,

Forty seventh and Fifty first Years of His Majesty's Reign, respectively, for the Abolition of the Slave Trade. 166

go. An Act to amend and continue, until the Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twenty, an Act palTed in the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty, to repeal the Duties payable in Scotland upon Wash and Spirits, and Distillers* Licences \ to grant other Duties in lieu thereof j and to establish

further

[Public General) 58° GEO. III.

vn

further Regulations for the Distillation of Spirits from Cora, for Home Confumptiou, in Scotland. 169

51. An Act to amend certain Acts passed in the Fourth Year of

King Edward the Fourth; First and Tenth Years of Queen Anne; First, Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of King George the First; Thirteenth, Twenty second and Twenty ninth Years of Sling George the* Second; and Thirteenth and Fifty seventh Years of Sling George the Third; prohibiting the Payment of the Wages of Workmen in certain Trades otherwise than in the lawful Coin or Money of this Realm. 174

52. An Act to continue, until the Twentieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty, an Act of the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Preservation of the Peace, by enforcing the Duties of Watching and Warding.

178

53. An Act for enabling His Majesty to make further Provision

for His Royal Highness the Duke of Kentf and to settle an Annuity on the Princess of Leiningen, in case (he shall survive his said Royal Highness. 179

54. An Act to grant certain Rates, Duties and Taxes in Ireland*

in respect of Fire Hearths, Windows, Male Servants, Horses, Carriages and Dogs, in lieu of former Rates, Duties and Taxes thereon; and to provide for the Payment thereof to the Collectors of Excise; and for the more effectual accounting for the same. 180

55. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of Julg One thousand

eight hundred and nineteen, Two Acts of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing the Duties of Customs on Madder, imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof. 231

56. An Act to make perpetual an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an additional Bounty on the Exportation of the Silk Manufactures of Great Britain. Ibid.

57. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty fifth Year of His present

Ahje&y, for granting Duties of Excise in Ireland upon certain Licences, and for securing the Payment of such Duties and the regulating the i(Tuing of such Licences. 232

58. An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing and Con-

tingent Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain; and for granting Allowances in certain cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Surgeons' Mates and Serjeant Majors of Militia, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen. 23$

59. An Act for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of June

One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Irelandj and for making Allowances in certain cases to Subaltern Officers of tfyj said Militia during Peace. 237

60. An Act to Continue, until Three Months after the ceasing of any

Rgftridion imposed on the Bankof England from issuing Ca(h in Payment, the several Acts for confirming and continuing the Re-ftridions on Payments in C*fh by the Bank of Ireland. 238

61. An Act for the better Accommodation of His Majesty's Packets

Vfithin the Harbour on the North Side of the Hill of Hotvtb, and for the better Regulation of the Shipping therein. 239

A 4? 62. An

The TITLES of the STATUTES, .

tin

62. An Act to continue, until the First Day of August One thou-

fand eight. hundred. and nineteen, Two Acts of His present Majesty, allowing the bringing of Coals, Culm and Cinders to London and Westminsteri*240

63. An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of

March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, to permit the Importation of Tobacco from any Place whatever. 241

64. An Act to make further Regulations respecting the Payment of Navy Prize Money, and to authorize the Governors of Greenwich Hospital to pay over certain Shares of Prize Money due to Ruffian Seamen to His Excellency the Ruffian Ambassador. 242

65. An A A for repealing the Duties of rlxcife on Verjuice and

Vinegar, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for more effectually securing the Duties of Excise on Vinegar or Acetous Acid. 247

66. An Act to empower any Three or more of the Commissioners for

the Reduction of the National Debt to exercise aH the Powers and Authorities given to the said Commissioners by any Act or Acts of Parliament. 261

67. An Act to provide for the more deliberate Investigation of Pre-

ferments to be made by Grand Juries for Roads and Public Works in Ireland* and for accounting for Money railed by such Presentments. 262

68. An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in Ireland in the*Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act for

taking away the Benefit of Clergy in certain cases; and for taking away the Book in all cases; and for repealing Part of the Statute for transporting Felons; as takes away the Benefit of Clergy from Persons dealing privily from the Person of another; and more effectually to prevent the Crime of Larceny from the Person.

278

69. An Act for the Regulation of Pariffi Vestries. 279

70. An Act for repealing such Parts of several Acts as allow pecu-

niary and other Rewards on the Conviction of Persons for Highway Robbery, and other Crimes and Offences; and for facilitating the Means of prosecuting Persons accused of Felony and other Offences. 282

71. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be

raised by Lotteries. 290

72. An Act for improving and completing the Harbour of Dun-

more, in the County of Waterford, and rendering it a fit Situation for His Majesty's Packets. 294

73. An Act for regulating the Payment of regimental Debts, and the

Distribution of the Effects of Officers and Soldiers dying in Service, and the Receipt of Sums due to Soldiers. 310

74. An Act for the further Regulation of Payments of Pensions to Soldiers upon the Establishments of Chelsea and Kilmainham.* 313

75. An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Offences connefted

with the unlawful Destruction and Sale of Game. 314

'76. An Act to subject Foreigners to Arrest and Detention for Smuggling within certain Di dances of any of the Dominions of His Majesty; for regulating Rewards to the Seizing Officers, according to the Tonnage of Veffele or Boats seized and condemned $ 12 and

IX

(Public General) 5fe° GEO. III.

and for the further Prevention of the Importation of Tea without making due Entry thereof with the Officers of Customs and Excise. 315

77. An Act to repeal the Duty upon Rock Salt delivered for feeding

or mixing with the Food of Cattle, and iinpofmg another Duty, and making other Provisions in lieu thereof. 319

78. An Act to make further Provision for the better securing the

Collection of the Duties on Malt, and to amend the Laws relating to Brewers in Ireland. 323

79. An Act to amend an AA of the Fifty fourth Year of His

present Majesty's Reign, for granting Duties on Auctions in Ireland. 332

80. _ An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year

of His present Majesty, for permitting the Transfer of Capital from certain Public Stocks or Funds m Great Britain to certain Public Stocks or Funds in Ireland. 336

81. An Act for extending to that Part of the United Kingdom

called Ireland certain Provisions of the Parliament of Great Britain in relation to Executors under the Age of Twenty one Years, and to Matrimonial Contrafts. 340

82. An Act to prevent Frauds in the Sale of Grain in Ireland. 341

83. An Act to amend and reduce into One Act the several Laws

relating to the manner in which the East India Company are required to hire Ships. 342

84. An Act to remove Doubts a9 to the Validity of certain Mar-

riages had and solemnized within the British Territories in India.

85. An Act to carry into Execution a Convention made between

His Majesty and the King of Portugal\ for the preventing Traffic in Slaves. 351

86. An Act for raffing the Sum of Eleven millions six hundred

thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year

One thousand eight hundred and eighteen. 367

87. An Act for raffing the Sum of Eight hundred thousand Pounds

British Currency, by Treasury Bills, in Ireland, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eighteen. Ibid.

88. An Act to amend Two Acts made in the lait Session of Parlia-

ment, for authorizing the IfTue of Exchequer Bills, and the Advance of Money for carrying on Public Works and Fisheries, and Employment of the Poor; and to extend the Powers of the Commissioners appointed for carrying the said Acts into Execution in Ireland. Ibid.

89. An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Forty third

Year of His present Majesty, aB requires the Attendance of Magi-ftrates on board Vessels carrying Passengers from the United Kingdom to Hib Majesty's Plantations or to Foreign Parts, 371

90. An"Aft to alter and amend certain of the Provisions of an Act paired in the Fifty first Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An AB to provide for the AdnAhiftration of the Royal Authority, and for the Care of Hie Majesty*e Royal Perf on, during the Con-

tinuance of Hie Majesty*e Illnefe; and for the Resumption of the Exercise of the Royal Authority by Hie Majesty. 372

91* An Act for appointing Commissioners to inquire concerning Charities in England for the Education of the'Poor. 37$

92. An

X

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

92. An Act to consolidate and amend the Provisions of several Acts,

passed in the. Fifty first and Fifty second Years respectively of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enabling Wires and Families of Soldiers to return to their Homes. 380

93. An Act to afford Relief to the bond side Holders of Negotiable

Securities, without Notice that they were given for a usurious Con-fi deration.._.384

94. An Act to continue, until the Twenty ninth Day of September

One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and to amend an Act passed in Ireland, in the Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the Improvement and Extension of the Fisheries on the Coasts of Ireland. 38c

95. An Act to regulate the Election of Coroners for Counties. 380

96. An Act to continue, for the Term of Two Years, and until the End of the Session of Parliament in which that Term shall expire, if Parliament shall be then fitting, an Act of the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for establishing Regulations refpe&ihg Aliens arriving in or resident in this Kingdom, in certain cases. 388

97. An Act to prevent Aliens, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, from becoming naturalized, or being made or becoming Denizens, except in certain cases.

Ibid.

98. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Fifty first

Year of His Majesty's Reign, for rendering more effectual an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His Majesty9s Reign, for the Abolition of the Slave Trade. 389

99. An Act for altering and amending an Act made in the Fifty

fifth Year of His present Majesty, to amend an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, to improve the Land Revenue of the Crown, so far as relates to the Great Forest of Brecknock, in the County of Brecknock 4 and for vesting in His Majesty certain Parts of the said Forest, and for inclosing the said Forest. 390

xoo. An Act for vesting in His Majesty certain Parts of the Hayes of Blrkland and Bilbagh, and of certain Commonable Lands and Open Uninclosed Grounds in the Township of Edwinfiowe, within the Forest of Sherwood, in the County of Nottingham. 398

101 An Act for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eighteen. 422

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLIC,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

i. A N Ad for making and maintaining a Rpad from Xba Town

of Stroud, in the County of Gloucfier, through Pitchcomb, into the City of Glouefier* Page 435

ii. An Act to continue die Terms, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Three Acts passed in the Twenty third Year ot the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eleventh and

Thirty

{Local Sf Personal) 58° GEO. III.

XI

Thirty seventh Year* of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from the City of Tori to Boroughbridge in the County of Tori. 435

iii. An Act for extending the Powers of an Act passed in the Forty

fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing Roads in the County of Ayr, Ibid.

iv. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging

the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty's Reign, for improving the Road from Manchester to Rochdale, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Lancaster; so far as relates to the Bury and Ratclijfc Bridge District of Road therein raetioned; and for making Two new Branches of Road to communicate with the said District of Road. 436

v. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His

present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the City of Gloucester towards Cheltenham and Tewkesbury in the County of Gloucester. Ibid.

vi. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from

near the Town of Manchester in the County of Lancafier to Hyde Lane Bridge in the County of Chester. Ibid.

vii. An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His present

Majesty for repairing the Roads near the Towns of Hockerton, Kirklington, Southwell, Normanton and Winiboume, with a Branch from Kirilington to the Street Gate Road, and the Newark and Southwell Turnpike Road at Greet Bridge, in the County of Nottingham. Ibid.

viii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts

of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Crouch Hill, in the Parish of Henfield, to the Turnpike Road leading from B right helmfione to Cuckfield, and from the East Side of the said Turnpike Road to the Cross Roads in the Town of Ditchling, in the County of Sussex. ' Hid.

ix. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the

Powers of an Act passed in the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Salter's Brook, in the County Palatine of Chester. Ibid.

x. An Act for making more effectual Provision for Payment of the

Debt due by the Trustees for Turnpike Roads, in the County of Peebles, and for other Purposes connected therewith. 437

xi. An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His present

Majesty, for repairing the Road from IPefi Cowgate, near New-cafile upon Tyne, to the Alemouth Turnpike Road, in the County of Northumberland. Ibid.

xii. An Act for more effeftuaUy repairing and improving the Road

from Ardwici Green, near Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancasier, to the Bridge at the Corn Mills at Wilmjlow, in the County Palatine of Chester. Ibid.

xiii. An Act to amend an Act of the last Section of Parliament, for

enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His prefont Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Towcefier to the Turnpike Road in Cotton End, ia the Parish of Ilardingdon, in the

County of Northampton. Ibid*

xiv. An

XII

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

xiv. An Act for repairing the Road from Blakedown Pool, in xIjc* Parish of Hagley and County of Worcester* to Birmingham in the* County of Warwick. 4.3 y

xv* An Act for amending an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Y" of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts passed for improving Port, Harbour and Town of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, and for better applying the said Town with Water. Ibitf.

xvi. An Act to enable the Grand Junction Canal Company to vary

the Liiu of Part of their Canal in the County of Hertford, and For altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts relating to the* said Canal. Ibid-

xvii. An Act to enable the Gloucester and Berkeley Canal Company to

vary and alter the Line of their Canal; and for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts passed for making and maintaining the said Canal. 4 3 &

xviii. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of \hzThames

and Medway Canal to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the said Canal, and the Works thereto belonging; and for altering, enlarging and rendering more effectual the Powers for making the said Canal and Works. Ibid.

xix. An Act for altering, explaining and amending the several Acts of Parliament passed, relating to the Birmingham Canal Navigations; and for improving the said Canal Navigations. Ibid.

xx. An Act for providing a convenient House, with suitable Accom-

modations, for His Majesty's Judges at the Assizes for the County of Leicester; and for making therein a convenient Place for the Jultices of the Peace to meet and transact any Public Business of the said County; and also for the safe Custody of the Public Records of the said County. Ibid.

xxi. An Act for altering and amending an Act passed in the Forty

seventh Year of His present Majesty, for constructing a Pier and Harbour at or near the Town of Folkejlone, in the County of Kent; for varying the Limits, and improving and rendering more commodious the said Pier and Harbour; for raising a further Sum of Money for completing the same; and for extending the Powers and ProvifionS of the said Act. 448

xxii. An Act for enlarging the Church Yard of the Parish of Chip-

ping Barnet, in the County of Hertford, and for other Purposes relating thereto. Ibid.

xxiii. An Act to continue the Term, and to amend and enlarge the

Powers of several Acts passed for repairing the Road from Ciren-cejler to Stroud* and another Road therein mentioned, both in the County of Gloucester. Ibid.

xxiv. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers

of Two Acts of the Eleventh and Thirty seventh Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Wem in the County of Salopt to the Lime Rocks at Bron y Garth, and several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Denbigh; for repairing and diverting the Roads leading out of the said Road from Wem to Bron y Garth into the Turnpike Road leading from Ellesmere to Wrexham; and for repealing so much of the said Acts as relates to a certain Part of the said Roads. Ibid.

..... xxv. An

(Local Sc Personal) 58° GEO. III.

xxv. An Act for repairing and maintaining the Harbour of the Burgh of Regality of Fraferburgh, in the County of Aberdeen.

448

xxvi. An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers

of an Act of the Thirty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Dover, in the County of Kent, through Deal, to Sandwich, in the said County. Ibid.

xxyii. An Act for altering and enlarging the Terms and Powers of certain Acts, in so far as the same relate to the Road leading from the Toll House in Paisley Lane, at the West Side of the Entry to the New Bridge of Glasgow, by or near Parkhouse, to the East End of the Bridge at Renfrew. 449

xxviii. An Act to extend and amend the Powers of Three Acts of

His present Majesty's Reign, for building The Waterloo Bridge, and making Roads communicating therewith; and to authorize the Relinquiftiment of the repairing, lighting and watching of the Roads on the South Side of the Bridge, to the Truftecs of the Surrey New Roads, acting under Two several Acts of His present Majesty's Reign, for making, widening and keeping in Repair certain Roads in the several Pari flies of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark, Bermondsey, and Chrifichurch, in the County of Surrey, and for watching and lighting the said Roads. Ibid.

xxix. An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His present

Majesty, for maintaining a Road from Wearmouth Bridge to Tyne Bridge, with a Branch to South Shields, all in the County of Durham. 465

xxx. An Act for repairing the Roads into and from the Town

ofTewkefbury, in the County of Gloucester. Ibid*

xxxi. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts, for repairing the Roads from Lobcome Corner in the Parish of Winterjlow, to Harnham Bridge in the County of Wilts, and from the West Corner of Saint Aline's Street in the City of New Sarum to Landford, and other Roads in the County of Southampton.

Ibid.

xxxii. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town

of Rugby, in the County of Warwick, to the Borough of Warwick, in the same County. 466

xxxiii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts

of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Halifax to Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York, so far as relates to the First District of the said Road, from Halifax to Huddersfeld. Ibid.

xxxiv. An Act for repairing the Road from Bridgetown in the Parish df Old Stratford, in the County of Warwick, to the Top of Long Compton Hill in the same County, and another Road therein mentioned, in the Counties of Warwick, Worcefer and Gloucester.

Ibid.

xxxv. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from'the Town of Sheffield, in the County of York, to join the Marple Bridge Road m the Parish of Glojfop, in the County of Derby, with a Branch to Mortimer9s Road, in the Parish of Hathersage, irt the faidbounty of Derby. Ibid.

xxxvi. An Act for more effeAnally repairing and improving the Road from the West End of the Town of Burton upon Trent, m the

County

xiv

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

County of Stafford, through the said Town, to the South End oi the Town ot Derby, in the County of Derby 466

xxxvii. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the South End of Angel Lane, in Brampton Bier ley, to a certain tPublic Highway in Mexbrongk; and also from Clegg** Cottage*

in Ra*tumarsh, to the North Eqjl of Kilnhurjl Bridge; and from the South End of the said Bridge to the West End of the 'Village of Hooton Roberts, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ibid.

xxxviii. An Act for diverting such Part of the Public Carriage Road

leading from Little Smeaton to Darrington, in the County of York, as is within the Township of Stapleton; and for (hutting up and discontinuing a certain Footpath in the said Township. 4.67

xxxix. An A A for continuing and amending an A A of His present Majesty for repairing the Road from the North End of Famhurft Lane to the City of Cbichejler, and from Chicbefter aforesaid to Deikey, in the County of Stiffen. Ibid.

xl. An A A for enlarging the Term and Powers of an AA of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads between the Horse Shoe Houfte in Stoke Golding ton, in the County of Buckingham, and the Town of Northampton, and from the North Bridge of New-port Pagnel, in the said County of Buckingham, to the said Horse Shot Houjt. Ibid.

xli. An Afct for making and maintaining a Road from Lockwood to Meltbam, and a Branch of Road to Meltham Mills, all in the Parish of Almondbury, in the West Riding of the County of Tori.

Hid.

xlii. An Act for more effeAually repairing and improring the Road between Warrington and Lower lrlam, in the County Palatine of Lane after. Ibid.

xliii. An Act for more esse Aually repairing and improving the Road leading from Studley Bridge, through the Borough of Chippenham, to Pickwick, and from the East End of Chippenham Bridge to Lower Stanton, and from the East End of the said Bridge to join the Road at Draycot Ceme, in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

xliv. An Act for continuing and amending Two AAs of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Poole; and also for repairing other Roads in. and near the said Town, and from Cranborne to Coombt, with Two Branches to the Great Western Road, in the Counties of Dorset and Wilts. Ibid. alt. An Act for continuing and amending an AA of His late Majesty, and Two AAs of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Town of Wincanton, and the Roads communicating therewith, in the Counties of Somerset, Wilts and Dorset 468

xlvi. An A A for amending Two AAs of His present Majesty, (o Eai as the lame relate to the Eftabliftunent of Chapels in the East WeJ and Wildmore Fens in the County of Lincoln. lbu

xlvii. An Act to amend Two AAs, passed in the Fifty second an Fifty fourth Years of His present Majesty, for indoftng the Tort of Delamere'va the County of Cbeflcr. Ib

xiviii. An Act for increaftng the tfund for carrying into Extent several AAs of His present Majesty, for improving the Drain of the Middle and South Level* yTart of the Great Level of

(Local 8y Personal) 58° GEO. III.

xv

Fens called Bedford Level, and other Lands therein mentioned; and for improving the Navigation of the River Ouse in the County of Norfolk and of the several Rivers communicating therewith.

xlix. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Thirty sixth Year of His pretent Majesty, for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining and preserving certain Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Pariffi of Ramsey, in the County of Huntingdon, and for repealing a certain Ad therein mentioned. Ibid.

L An Act for draining and improving Lands in the Pariffies of Bray White, Waltham, Shottejbrooh, Lawrence Waltham, Binfield, Rufcomb, Wargrave, Rtmenham and Hurley, in the County of Berkt, and the Liberties of Whiff ley and Broad Hinton» in the Pariffi of Hurfft in the Counties of Berks and Wilts. Ibid.

li. An Act for building a new Gaol and House of Correction for the City and County of the City of Exeter. Ibid.

fii. An Act to alter and amend an Act for eroding and maintaining a Bridewell, Gaol, Court House and Public Offices, for the Burgh of Patfley and County of Renfrew. 469

Ini. An Act for enlarging the Pariffi Church and Church Yard of Stmthminster in the County of Essex. Ibid.

fiv. An Act for cleaning, lighting, watching and otherwise improving the Town of Sheffield ; n the County of York. Ibid.

1 v. An Act for lighting with Gas the City of Bath and the Liberties and Precincts thereof, and that Part of the Pariffi of Walcot which lies without the Liberties of Bath, and the Pariffi of Bath-wick, in the County of Somerset; and for conftruding Gafome-ters and other Works therein, and in the Pariffi of Wefion in the said County. Ibid.

lvi. An Act for lighting with Gas the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the Borough of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

lvii. An Act for lighting with Gas the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham. Ibid.

lviii. An Act for providing an additional Burial Ground for the Pariffi of Saint Giles, Reacting, in the County of Berks, and a Room for the Use of the Minister in performing the Burial Service; and for flopping up one of the Footpaths over the present Church Yard of the, said Pariffi. Ibid.

lix. An Act for better paving, cleaning, lighting, watching and improving the Streets, Lanes and other Public Places and Passages of the City of Aberdeen, and the Roads and Avenues within the Freedom and Royalty thereof; and for supplying the Inhabitants of the said City with Water. Ibid.

lx. An Act for rendering more effectual several Acts of His present Majesty for draining certain Low Lands on both Sides of the River Witham, and In Wildmore Fen, and in the West and Etffi Fens, and other Low Lands adjoining or contiguous thereto, in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

Ixi. An Ad forereding and maintaining a Harbour, and Works

468

xtiii

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE KING'S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN

?. A N Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Cranford, in the County of Middlesex Pag* 4QI

2. An Act for enabling the Trustees acting under Letters Patent

granted by King Charles the Second, to dispose of certain old Aimfhouses and other Premises, held in Trust for the Parish of Saint Martin tn the Fields, in the County of Middlesex; and for veiling Part of the new Burial Ground belonging to the said Parish, at or near Camden Town, in the said Trustees, as a Site for erecting new, Aimfhouses thereon; and for other Purposes. Ibid. [

3. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Lavttjlock, in- '

eluding the Tithing of Ford, in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

4. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Damerham South, '

in the County of Wilts. Ibid. 1

5. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Warfop, in the County

6. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Tbelntiham, in

County of Suffolk. Ibid. 1

7. An Act for inclosing Lands in Middop otherwise Midhope, in

the Parish of Ecclesfeld, in the County of Fork. Ibid.

8. An Act for inclosing Lands in Oxspring, in the Parish of Penifone,

and County of Fork. Ibid.

9.An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor of Ainfiable, in the

Parish of Aistfiable, in the County of Cumberland. Ibid.

10. An Act to amend an Act made in the Fifty third Year of His

present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Parishet of IJleworth, Hefion and Twickenham, in the County of.Middlesex. Ibid.

11. An Act for allotting Lands in the Parish of Noke, in the County

of Oxford. Ibid.

12. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Erpingham, Colby,

Banningham and Ingworth, in the County of Norfolk 493

13. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Itterinvham, Oulton,

Wickmere and Wood Dailing, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

14. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Great Melton

otherwise Melton Saint Mary, and All Saints, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

15. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Moreion Valence, and

in the Hamlet or Tithing of Putloe, in the Parish of Standijb, both in the County of Gloucester. Ibid.

16. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Norbury, in the

County of Derby. Ibid.

17. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Afarden,

EVIDENCE.

of Nottingham.

1

Sutton

{Private, printed, ) 58° GEO. III.

Sutton Saint Michael, Sutton Saint Nicholas, and Withington, and certain Chapelries, Town ships and Pari (he 8 adjacent thereto, in the County of Hereford. Page 493

18. An A St for inclosing Lands in the Parish of South Moreton, in the Cwistjf of Barks* 404

19. An Act for inclosing Lands m the Parish of Walfbam-le-lViL

lows, in the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

20. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Etton, ia the Parish of Etton, in the Ead Riding of the County of York. Ibid'.

21. An Act to enable Peter Penniall, and others therein mentioned,

to grant a Building Lease of certain Premises situate in High Street, in the Parish of Saint Mary Newington, in the County of Surrey. Ibid.

22. An Act to enable the Trudees of Saint Paul** School, in the City

of London, to purchase Buildings and Land adjoining or near to the said School, for the better Accommodation of the Scholars, and for other Purposes. Ibid.

23* An Act to enable the Governors of the Free Grammar School of King Charles the Second, at Bradford, in the County of York, to fell the old School House, and to fell certain Lands belonging to the said Foundation, and to apply the Money arising by inch Sales in the Building of a new School Hopfe, and in the Purchase of other Estates, to be veiled in the Governors on the Trulls of the said Charity; and to convey the Inheritance in Fee Simple, for building upon reserved Rents, or to make Building Leases of certain Parts of the Estates of the said School; and also to enable the Governors to increase the Number of Maders, and allow proper Salaries $ and for enlarging the Truds and Powers of the said Governors. Ibid.

24. An Act for effeding an Exchange of an Estate in the County

of Norfolk, devised by the Will of Robert Harvey Esquire to John Harvey Esquire, under certain Limitations, for an Estate belong* ing to the said John Harvey Esquire, in Fee Simple, to be fub-jeded to the like Limitations. Ibid.

25. An Act for dividing and alloting Lands in the Paridi of Laken*

heath, in the County of Suffolk. 405

26. An Act for inclosing Lands, in the Parish of Bradford, in the

County of Wilts. Ibid.

27. An Act for amending an Act of His present Majesty, intituled

An A3 for dividing and inclosing He worth Moor, in the Manor or Township of He worth, in the North Riding of the County of York, and for extinguifbing the Rights of Stray and Average over certain Lands called Half Year Lands, Jttuate in the Suburbs or Pre-cinSs of the City of York; and for extending the Provisions of the said Act to the Inclosure of certain Lands in the Suburbs or Precincts of the City of York. Ibid.

28. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Pariihes of Kilmainham,

Saint James, Clondalktn, Crumlin, Newcqfile and Rathcoole, in the County of Dublin. Ibid.

29. An Act for extinguifiling a limited Right of Common over certain Coppices or Woodlands and Grounds in the Parish of Hurjlborne Tarrant, in the County of Southampton / and for allotting and setting out a Part of the same, to be subject to a more extensive Right of Common, in lieu of the Right extinguished.

Ibid.

a 2 30. An

xix

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

30. An Act for empowering Trustees to join, u to One undivided

Fourth Part of certain Eftatea derifed by the Will of Barnard Gentleman, deceased, in the Sale of the Entirety of the same Eftatea, and to purchase other Landa to be settled to the fameUfea; and also for enabling the same Trustees to join, as to the same undivided Fourth Part, in makings Partition of the same Eftatea; and also for empowering certain Trustees to join in granting Leases of the Entirety of the same Premises, and for other Purpofea. 495

31. An Act for repealing an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of

His present Majesty'a Reign, intituled An AB for Part of

the Settled Estates of Sir Charles Knightley Baronet, which were

dev fed by the Will of Lucy Knightley Esquire, in Treeflees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money thereby in the Purebaft

of other Eftatet to be settled in'lieu thereof, and to the same Ufet, and for other Purpofet; and for vesting that Part and other Parts of the said Settled Eftatea in other Trustees, to be sold, and for applying Part of the Money arising thereby in thel>ifcharge of certain Incumbrances thereon, and laying out the Residue of the same Money in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses. 496

32. An Act to render effectual a Conveyance of the legal Pee as to a Moiety of certain Hereditaments in the Parishes of

Llangerrig and Llandinam, in the County of Montgomery, belonging to Robert Ingram Esquire. Ibid.

33. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Ljtcbet

ravert and Ljtcbet Minfier, in the County of Dorset. Ibid.

34. An Act for effecting and establishing an Exchange between the Reverend Robert Philip Goodenougb, Reftor of Carlton in Lta-

drick, in the County of Nottingham, and Henry Galley Knight Esquire, of Glebe and other Lands in Carlton aforeCaid* .

35. An Act for vesting in the surviving and new Trufteea certain

Estates and Property in Ireland of the Most Honourable Walter Marquis and Earl of Ormonde in Ireland, and Baron Butler in England, which have not been fold or disposed of under and by virtue of Three Acts of Parliament made in the Thirty fifth, Forty fifth, and Forty eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty. Ibid,

36. An Act for settling a Moiety of a yearly Rent of Four hundred Pounds, discharged from certain Entails created therein, upon William Danly Esquire and Caroline his Wife, and their luue.

Ibid

37. An Act for confirming an Exchange of certain Estates in th Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, of which Sarah Hetbersett, Spi fter, is Tenant for Life under the Will of her late Uncle Jo Barker Esquire, for certain Estates in the said Counties to whi the said Sarah Hetberfett and her Sifters, Jane Maria Hemfwo (Wife of Henry D*EJlerre Hemfwortb Efquire1), Ann An Hetberfett Spinster, and Isabel Huntington (Wife of John 3a Huntington Esquire), became entitled by Descent from their Father Jama Hetberfett Esquire.

38. An Act for effecting the Sale of the settled Freehold I of Thomas Leech the Elder, Esquire, situate in the Couni

(Private, not printed, ) 58° GEO. III. xxi

Lincoln* Kent and Surrey t and for applying the Monies to arise by filch Sale in Manner therein mentioned. Page 497

39. An Act for veiling certain Pieces or Parcels of Land, and other Hereditaments, belonging to Sidney Suffix College, in the University of Cambridge, in Trustees for Sale with Powers to lease on Fines, and for applying the Purchase Monies, and Monies to arise from Fines, in Manner therein mentioned. Ibid.

PRIVATE ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

4°* A^Ad for inclosing Lands in the Tithing of Uplodere in the, Parish of Lodertt in the County of Dorset.

41. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor of Tel worth otherwise Talworth, in the Parish of Long Ditton, in the County of Surrey.

43. An Act for naturalizing John Adam Schweickhett.

43. An Act for naturalizing Martin Haherer.

44. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Henfali9 in the Parish of Snaith, in the County of Tori.

[Allotment for Tithes Value of Tithes ascertained. If Pro-prietor bos not Jufficient Land to exonerate his old Inclosure from Tlthe9 the Deficiency to he made up in Money How and by whom Tithe Allotments to be fenced Tithe to continue payable till Allotments made.]

45. An Act for confirming a Partition and Division of certain Estates situate in the County of Pembroke, and in the Town and County of the Town of Haverfordwefif late the Property of Barret Bowen Jordan Esquire, and for settling the Shares which upon the said Partition and Division were allotted to each of the Parties therein described, to the several Uses therein mentioned.

46. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Combcrton9 in the County of Worcester.

[Allotment to ReSor and Impropriator in lieu of Tithes* Payments to be made by Persons not having Land to compenfatefor Tithes. Expenses to Tithe Allotments deemed Part of general

Expenses.]

47. An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Parish of Berwick Saint Leonard, in the County of Wilts.

[Tithe Allotment.Until Lands set out Tithe to continue Tithe Allotments to be fenced by the other Proprietors.]

48. An Act for allotting, exchanging and inclosing Lands at Long *

Load, within the Parish of Martocky in the County of Somerset.

49. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ulceby with Fotherington otherwise Fordington, otherwise Forthington, in the County of Lincoln.

[Allotment for Great and Small Tithes. For fencing Glebe and Tithe Allotments. Tithes payable until Allotments are made.]

50. An Act for inclosing certain Waile Lands in the Borough of Hellejlony and the several Pariihes of Wendron9 Mawgan in Me-neagc> and Sithney, in the County of Cornwall

[Ad not to affid Tithes.]

51. An

xxii

The TITLES of the STATUTES*

51. An Act for inclosing Week Moor, in the .County of Someerjhti and other Lands in the Teveral Parishes of Curry Rivell$ Drayton» Swell and Fivehead, in the said County.

52. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors of Woodmancot, Nuthourne and Prinfted> in the Parish of Wejllourne, in the County of Sujfex

[Right to Tithes not to be affcBed.}

53. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish or Township of WtWhorpe, in the County of Lincoln.

[Allotment for Tithes* The Allotments in lieu of Tithes to he Ring fenced by the other Proprietors. No Lease of the Re3or9s Lands to he good unless His Majesty's Conjentshall he jirjt obtained.}

54. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Trejham% in the Parish of Hawte/buryi m the County of Gloucefier

[Proprietors who choose to commute Corn Tithes may do To. Expenses of Ring fencing Tithe Allotments to he consideredas Part of the general Expenses.]

55. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Bucknell and Clungunfordf in the County of Salop

[.Allotment to the Reffor in lieu of Great and Small Tithes. Tithes payable till Allotments are made*'}

56. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Tithings of Froxfield and F^feld, in the Parishes of Froxjield and Milton, in the County of

57. An Act to diffolre the Marriage of PhilipLeigb the younger. Gentleman, with Catherine Leigh his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

58. An Act for naturalizing Andrew Kaye.

59. An Act for naturalizing Alexander Lewis Prevo/l.

60. An Act for naturalizing Martin Diederich Rucker.

61 An Act for naturalizing William Frederick Linfingen Count Linfingen.

62. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Bickenhill and Little Packington, and in the Hamlet of Didshngtou, all in the County of Warwick.

[Allotment for Great and Small Tithes. Tithes of Little Pack-ington to he commuted for by an annual Rent to he regulated by the Price of Wheat. 1

63. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hacknefs% in the North Riding of the County of York.

[Provifo for Tithes, &c.}

64. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Panfh of Skirheck% in the' County of Lincoln

[Allotmentfor Tithes of old Inclosures, life* Commissioner to after* tain the Number of Acres notfuhieS to Tithes in Kind; Pro*

portion in which Proprietors shall contribute to Tithe Allot* ments. Allotments to he delineated upon a Plan and State* ments re/heStng Discharges from TithesJfhewn to the Proprietors. Tithe Allotment to he fenced. tithes to he payable till Allotment made. Proprietors of old Inclosures who have not sufficient Lands to make Compensation for Tithes, to pay the Value thereof tofucb Persons as the Commissioners shall appoint.

Tenants

(Private* not printed*) 58° GEO. III.

Tenants for Life, &c. of old Inclosures empowered. to charge their Estates with Money paid for discharginf the same from Tithes.2

65. An Act for naturalizing Alexis James Doxat.

66. An Act to enable The Right Honourable Susan Charierisf commonly called Dowager Lady Eicho, to take and use the Surname of Tracy» and to bear the Coat of Arms of the Name and Family of Tracy, pursuant to the Will of Robert Tracy Esquire, deceased.

THE

STATUTES AT LARGE.

Anno Regni GEORGIt III. Britanniaruiii Regis,

Quinquagesimo O&ato.

4 A I4 the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the

* Twenty fourth Day of November, Anno Domini 1812, in

* the Fifty third Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord

* GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of the United

* Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the

* Faith; And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to 4 the Twenty seventh Day of January 1818; being the Sixth Session

* of the Fifth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain

* and Ireland.*

CAP. I.

An Act to repeal an Act made in the last Session of ParliaifceUfj intituled An A3 to continue an A3 to empower His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall fufpcEl are tonfpiring again/} His Person and Government.

[31ft January 1818.]

* WHEREAS an Act was passed in the lad Session of Par*- 57 G.3.C.3.

* yY liament, intituled An Act to empower His Majesty to fecjire 4 and detain such Persons9 as His Majesty shall fufpeS are confpir*

4 tag again/l His Person and Government; which Act was to con-1 tinue in force uutif the Yirft Day of July One thousand eight

4 hundred and seventeen: And Whereas another Act was afterwards 3; G.3.C.5J. 4 passed in the same Session of Parliament, intituled An A3 to continue 4 an AS to empower His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons at 4 His Majesty shall fufpeS are conjfiring again/l His Person and 4 Government; which lad mentioned Act was to continue m force 4 until the Fird Day of March One thoqfand eight hundred and 4 eighteen s And Whereas it is deemed no longer necessary for the 4 Public Safety that the said lad mentioned Act, or. the Provisions 4 therein contained, should remain in forceTherefore be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in^this present Parliament adembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the said lad mentioned Act mall from and after the 57 G. 3. e.53. passing of this Act be and the same is hereby repealed. repealed.

58 Geo. Ilf.

B

CAP.

2 C. 2, 3. 58° GEO. III. A.X>. 1818.

cap. n.

An Act to suspend, until the End of the present Session of Parliament, the Operation of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to provide for the more deliberate Investigation of Presentments to be made by Grand Juries for Roads and Public Works in Ireland, and for accounting for Money railed by#fuch Presentments. £l8th February 1818.3

57 G.3. c. 107. € WHEREAS an Act was palTed in the last Session of Par-iufpended. < VV 1 iament, intituled An Act to provide for the more deliberate

€ Investigation of Presentments to be made by Grand Juries for Roads 1 and Public Works in Ireland, and for accounting for Money resifed

* by such Presentments: And Whereas it is expedient that the Oper-

* ation of the said Act should be suspended in manner hereinafter

* mentioned 5* Be it therefore enxfted by The Ring's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affenxbled, and by the Authority of the same. That the said Act, and all every the Provisions, matters and things therein contained, shall stand and be and continue suspended and inoperative from the passing of this Act until the End of this present Session of Parliament \ and that from and after the passing of this Act all and every Act and Acts of Parliament repealed, altered, varied, amended or in anyvrife affected by the said recited Act of the last Session, or by the Operation thereof, or of any Clauses or Provisions therein, shall be revived and shall stand, be and continue of the same Force, Virtue and Effect, in all respects, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, until the End of thi6 present Session of Parliament, as if the said recited Act of the last Session had not paiTed, and not other wise nor any further; any thing in the said recited Act of the last Session contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Act may be al- II. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, tered, kc. this altered or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in tins present .Session. Session of Parliament.

Cap. 67% p<ift'-\

CAP. III.

An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, in Great Britain: and on Pen-fions, Offices and Personal Eftatea, in England s for the Set-vice of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

[23d February 1818.3 [This AS it the same at 57 6. 3. r. 5. except at to tic Word*

" and for receiving the Contributions of Perfoos receiving Pen-" lions and holding Offices, " which are infertedin the title of that AS, — at to the Omiffton in this AS of Se$. 38. in 57 G, 3. c. 5.— at to Dales, — at to the SeSiont that are here retained, — and at to the Omijton of the Wordt ** by the Authority afqre* " said, " in SeSiont 5.7.10, 11, 12, 13.14. and 15. and which

are inserted in the corresponding SeSiont of 57 G. 3. c. 3. and of

the same Wordt in SeSiont 48, 49. $1. and 52. of tbit which arc infertedin SeSiont 49, 50. 52.01^53. 0/57 G.3.C.5.]

10* XL. And

A.jy. Isis.

58" GEO. III.

3

C. 3, 4, 5.

XL. And be it further enacted, That there shall be provided and Moni« paid into kept in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's i Exchequer at fVeJlmi«/l'r One Book of Register, in which all the ^nbT.nmTd Money that IhaJl be paid into the Exchequer at tVeJtnun/Ur for the feparat« from said Rates and Duties hereby granted on Sugar, Matt, Tobacco other Payments, and Snuff, and also the Rates and Assessments hereby granted on Perfooal Estates, and on Offices and Employments of Profit, Pen-I lions. Annuities and Stipends, shall be entered and registered apart an<f rfirtimft from all other Monies paid and payable to His Majesty.

JL. And be it further ehacted, That the Surplus of the Monies Surplus Monies arising from the Rates, Duties and AffelTments granted and imposed to he carried to by this Act, after paying off and satisfying all the Exchequer Bills CouWuUted issued by rirtoe of this A (ft, together with the Interest. that may be- iun"' come due thereon, and the Charges of exchanging and circulating the same, ffialf, as the Surplas of any such Monies refpe&iyely (hau be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer at be carried

to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

CAP. IV.

Ait Ad for raising the Sum of Thirty Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eighteen. £23d February 1818.3

" TREASURY may raise 30, 000, 0001. by Exchequer Bills, in « manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1.—§ 1. The Clauses, &c. in " recited Act extended to this Act. $ 2. Treasury to apply the " Money railed. § 3. Exchequer Bills to be payable out of the " Supplies for next Session. § 4. Interest Cent, per Diem,

** § 5. Exchequer Bills to be current at the Exchequer after " April 5, 1819.—§6. Bank of England may advance 20, ooo, oool.

" on the Credit of this Act, notwithstanding 5 & 6 W. & M.—§ 7.

" Act may be altered, amended or repealed this Session. § 8.

CAP. V.

An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the time limited for those Purposes respectively, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attorn ies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and to allow Persons to make and file such Affidavits, although (he Persons whom they served shall have neglected to take out their Annual Certificates.

[17th March 1818/}

\TBht AS it the same as 57 G, 3. c. 14. except the **an<i

*r to allow Persons to make and file such Affidavits, although " the Persons whom they served shall have neglected to take ** out their Annual Certificates, " which are added in the Title of this Act; oni except also the Dates and the SeSions which remain.]

B 2«VII. And

a 5.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Persons who shall cause Contracts to be enrolied, and Affidavits of having served aa Clerks to Attornies, See. to be filed before Hilary Term 1819;

indemnified and discharged from Penalties;

* VII. And Whereas many Persons have omitted to cause 4 Affidavits to be made, and afterwards to be filed in the proper 4 Office, of the actual Execution of several Contracts in Writing 4 entered into by them to serve as Clerks to Attornies or Solicitors, Scriveners or public Notaries, in Great Britain, and such Contract, 4 and the Indenture thereof, to be enrolled within the time in which 4 the same ought to have been done; and many Solicitors, Attor-4 nies, Notaries and others, may have omitted to take out annual 4 Certificates, or to enter the same in the proper Office, and many 4 Infants and others may thereby incur certain Disabilities; * For preventing thereof, 'and relieving such Persons, be it enacted, That every Person who at the passing of this Act shall have neglected or omitted to cause any such Affidavit or Affidavits as aforesaid to be made and filed, or such Contract or Indenture to be enrolied, and who, on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, shall cause such Contract or Indenture to be enrolled with the proper Officer in that Behalf and One or more Affidavit or Affidavits to be made, and afterwards to be filed in such manner as the same ought to have been made and filed in due time, shall be and is hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged from and again ft: all Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities and Disabilities, in or by an Act or Acts of Parliament mentioned and incurred or to be incurred for or by reason of such Neglect or Omillion; and every such Affidavit and Affidavits so to be made, and which shall be duly filed on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, shall be as effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been made and filed within the respective times the same ought, by the Laws now in being for that Purpose, to have been made and filed; and that the respective Officer or Officers who ought to receive, file, enter or register such Contract or Indenture, or Affidavit or Affidavits, shall not refuse to receive, file, enter or register the same, by reason that the Attorney, Solicitor or Notary Public, to whom such Infant or other Person (nail have been articled or have contracted to serve, shall have neglected to take out his annual Certificate, or to register the same, but Tuch Officer or Officers are hereby directed and empowered to receive, file, enter or register the Person hiving same, notwithstanding such Omission; and that every Person who shall fe«ved ClerWhjp have regularly served any Attorney or Attornies, Solicitor or Soli-bTreasonof hi* c'tor8» Public Notary or Public Notaries, for the Term of Years Matter not required by Law, (hail not be prevented or disqualified from being having taken out admitted an Attorney, Solicitor or Public Notary, by reason of any Certificate. Omission of the Person or Persons to whom he served for the said Term, or for any Part thereof, having so neglected to take out his annual Certificate or to register the same; provided that such Person is otherwise entitled to be created and admitted to such Office by the Laws now in force relating thereto.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Action, Suit, Bill of Indictment or Information, shall from and after the passing of this A & be brought, carried on or prosecuted against any Person or Persons hereby meant or intended to be indemnified, recapacitated or restored, for or on account of any Forfeiture, Penalty, Incapacity or Disability whatsoever, incurred or to be incurred by any such Neglect or Omission, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and upon their Defence give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence upon any Trial to be had thereupon.

8*

and Officer to receive and enroll, or file, tuch Contra# or Affidavit.

Persons prosecuted, and hereby meant to be indemnified, mry plead the General Ittiie.

CAP.

A.D.1818.

58 GEO. III.

C. G*

CAP. VI.

An A & for indemnifying Persons who, since the Twenty sixth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, have aCted in apprehending, imprisoning or detaining in Custody Persons suspected of High Treason or Treasonable Practices, and in the Suppression of tumultuous and unlawful Assemblies. [ 17th March 1818.]

* XT 7 HE REAS a traitorous Confpiracv was formed in Great Reciting that»

4 W Britain for the Purpose of overthrowing, by means of a traitorous Con.

4 general Insurrection, the established Government, Laws and Con- rP*, ra*7 y*

4 nitution of this Kingdom: And Whereas divers Persons have (oTvmhrwSie 4 tumultuously, unlawfully and in a disorderly manner assembled Government, *

4 together in Great Britain, under Pretence orj for the Purpose of and that it had 4 proceeding to London in such Numbers as greatly to disturb and been deemed

* endanger the public Peace and Tranquillity, and to cause Terror necessary to im-4 and Intimidation in the Minds of His Majesty's loyal and peaceable Jv*feJeral Per-4 Subjects: And Whereas in order to secure the internal Peace and fom fufp«aed

4 Tranquillity of the Country, and to counteract such traitorous of High Tree.

4 Conspiracy, it has been deemed necessary, since the Twenty sixth son, &c. and to.

4 Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, from £, se the**

4 time to time to apprehend, commit, imprison and detain in Custody 4 divers Persons suspected of High Trealon or Treasonable Practices, necc(Tary to pro. 4 and to seize the Papers of divers of such Persons, and also to dif- tedi the Inform.

4 perse the Persons so tumultuously, unlawfully and in a disorderly art tgainft such

* manner aiTembled together as aforesaid, and to apprehend, commit 4 and detain in Custody divers of such last mentioned Persons, and 4 to search the Houses of divers Persons for Arms and other offenfive

* Weapons concealed or fufpeCted to be concealed therein: And

* Whereas in case the Acts and Proceedings of the several Persons 4 concerned or employed in such apprehending, committing, imprison-4 ing and detaining in Custody, and dispersing and seizing and learch-4 ing as aforesaid, should be called in question, it may be impossible 4 for them to justify or defend the same without an open Disclosure 4 of the Information given, and the means by which the said traitorous 4 Designs and unlawful Purposes were discovered; and it is necessary 4 for the Safety and Protection of the Persons by whose Information 4 and means the same have been discovered, and for the future Pre.

4 vention of fimilanPractices, that such Information and means ftiould 4 remain secret and undifdofed: And Whereas some of the said ACtf 4 done may not have been ftriCtly iuftifiable in Law, but being done < for the Preservation of the public Peace and Safety, it is & that 4 the Persons doing the same should be saved harmless in respect 4 thereof ; * Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all personal Adioos and Actions, Suits, Indictments and Prosecutions, heretofore brought. Proceedings on commeneed, preferred or exhibited, or now depending or to be

hereafter brought, commeneed, preferred or exhibited, and all prehendteg Judgments thereupon obtained, if any such there be or shall be, and imprisoning Per-all Proceedings whatsoever against any Person or Persons for or on font charged account of any Ad, matter or thing by him or them done or with High Tree-

* XL a 0 ___fon, See. made

B 8 commanded, ^the

C.S.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Persons against whom such Actions are brought indemnified.

Geucral I flue.

Double Costs.

la Actions brought in Scotland Defenders allowed their Expences.

Proviso.

Application may be made to the Court in which the Action shall be brought, or to one of the Judges if the Court be not

commanded, ordered, directed or advised to be done, since the Twenty sixth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and feveqteen, for apprehending, committing, iqnprisonmg, detaining' in Custody or discharging any Person or Persons who hath or have been imprisoned or detained in Custody for High Treason, or Suspicion of High Treason or Treasonable Practices, not relating to Coin, or for apprehending, committing, imprisoning or detaining in Custody any Person or Persons who have been imprisoned or detained in Custody for having been so tumultuoufiy, unlawfully and io a dif-orderly manner assembled as aforesaid, or for difperfiug any Persona so assembled as aforesaid, or for seizing the Papers of any such Person or Persons, or for fetching Houses for Arms and other offeniive Weapons as aforesaid, (half be discharged and made void; and that every Person by whom any such Ad, matter, or thing shall have been done or commanded, ordered, directed or advised to be done, shall be freed, acquitted, discharged and indemnified, as well against The King's Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, as against the Person and Persons Co apprehended, committed, iraprifoped or detained in Custody, discharged or dispersed, and all and every other Person and Persons whom foe ver.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit hath been or shall be brought, commenced or had in any Court of that Part of the United Kingdom called England, against any Person or Persons for or on account of any such Act, matter or thing as aforesaid, he and they may plead the General Iftue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or forbear further Prosecution, or suffer Difcon-tinuance in any such Action or Suit, or if a Verdi & shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein, the Defendant or Defendants shall have and be entitled to Double Costs, for which he or they shall hsive the like Remedy as in other Cases in which Costs by Law are given to Defendants; and if any such Action or Suit hath been or shall be brought, commenced or had in any Court within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Court before whom or in which such Action or Suit shall be brought, commenced or had, or shall be depending, shall allow to the Defender or Defenders therein the Benefit of the Discharge and Indemnity hereinbefore provided, and shall further decern the Pursuer or Pursuers to pay the Defender or Defenders the full and real Expences which he or they shall be put to by such Action or Suit: Provided always, that in such Cases in which any such Action or Suit shall have been commenced before the Twenty seventh Day of February now last past, and in which the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Pursuer or Pursuers, (nail not have continued since the Twenty seventh Day of February, or shall not hereafter continue the Proceedings in any such Action or Suit, such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Pursuer or Pursuers, shall not be liable to any Costs or Expences.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Action, Suit, Iudid-ment, Information, Prosecution or Proceeding hath been or shall he brought, commeneed, preferred, exhibited or had in any Court against any Person or Persons for or on account of any such Act, matter or thing as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the defendant or Defendant^, Defender or Defenders, in any such Action, Suit, Indictment, In-formation, Prosecution or Proceeding, or for any of them, to apjdy

A.D.lSlfc 58° 6E0. III. C. &

by Motion# Petition or otherwise, in a summary Way, to the Court in Which the same hath been or shall be brought, commeneed, preferred, exhibited or had, or shall be depending, if such Court shall be fitting, and if not fitting, then to any one of the Judges or Justices of such Court, to stay all further Proceedings in such Action, Suit, Indictment, Information, Prosecution or Proceeding; and such Court, and any Judge or Justice thereof when the said Court shall not be fitting, is nefeby authorited and required to examine the matter of such Application; and upon Proof by the Oath or Affidavit of the Person or Persons making such Application, or any of them, or other Proof to the Satisfaction of such Court, Judge or Justice, that such ACtion, Suit, Indictment, Information, Prosecution or Proceeding is brought, commeneed, preferred, exhibited or had for or on account of any such Act, matter or thing as aforesaid, to make an Order for staying Execution and all other Proceedings in such ACtion, Suit, Indiament, Information, Prosecution or Proceeding, m whatever State the same shall or may then he; and the Court or the Judge or Justice making such Order for Stay of Proceedings in any ACtion or Suit as aforesaid shall also order unto the Defendant or Defendants, Defender or Defenders, and he or they shall have and be entitled to Double Costs for all such Proceeding as shall be had or carried on in any such Action or Suit after the passing of this Act, and for which Costs he and they shall have the like Remedy as in Cases where Costs are by Law given to Defendants or Defenders: Provided always, that it (nail be lawful for any Person or Persons, being a Party or Parties to any such ACtion, Suit, Indictment, Information, Prosecution or other Proceeding, to apply by Motion, Petition or otherwise, in a summary Way, to the Court rn which the same shall have been brought, commeneed, preferred, exhibited or had, or shall be depending, to vacate, dHcharge of fet aside any Order made by any Judge or Justice of that Court for staying Proceedings, or for Payment of Costs as aforesaid, so as such Application be made within the first Four Days on which such Court shall fit next after the making of any such Order by any Judge or Justice as aforesaid; and such Court is hereby required to examine the Matter of such Application, and to make such Order therein as if the Application had been originally made to the fed Court, but nevertheless in the meantime# and until such Application ihalTbe made to the said Court, and unless the said Court shall think fit to vacate, discharge, fet aside or reverse the Order made by any such Judge or Justice as aforesaid, the same shall continue in full Force to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Action or Suit hath been or shall be brought, commenced or had in any Court in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ire-l*nd> for, or by reason, or on account of apprehending, committing, imprisoning, detaining in Custody or discharging out of Custody, any Person or Persons in Ireland who have or hath been charged with High Treason, or Suspicion of High Treason or Treasonable Practices, committed or carried on, or aljedged to have been committed or carried on in Great Britain, any Person or Persons against whom any such Action or Suit hath been or shall be brought, commenced or had, may plead die General Issue, and give in Evidence this Act and the Special Matter, and shall be entitled to Double Costs in like Cases in winch any Defendant or Defendants sued in Great Britain is or are

B 4* hereby

fitting, to flay Proceedings, &c.j

and on Prctof by Oath or Affidavit of such Action commenced. Order may be made.

Double Coils.

Proviso for Application to fet aside Order.

h» Actions brought in Ireland, General IiTuei

Double Costs $

58° GEO, III.

A. D, 1818.

e. e, 7.

nnd Order to ft ay Proceeding! ou summary Application.

Per tons discharged out of Custody, deemed legally discharged.

Recital of Scat, ii Car. %. c x8.

And that the Governors of Dominica and St. Lucia had been obliged to open the Ports of the said ((lands for Importation and Exportation of certain Articles, as herein fnentioned.

hereby declared to be entitled to Double CofU, and shall hare the like Remedies for the same; and the Court in Ireland in which such Action or Suit hath been or shall be commenced whilst fitting, and the respective Judges thereof whilst the Court is not fitting, are and is hereby empowered, authorized and required, upon Applications made for that Purpose in a summary Way by any Defendant or Defendants, to exaipine the Matter of such Applications, and thereupon to make Orders as tp (laying Execution and other Proceedings, and as to Double Coils, in such and the like Manner as is hereinbefore enabled and provided with respect to Applications made to any Court or Judge in England, and with such and the like Power to the Courts when fitting to vacate, discharge or fet aside any Orders made by any Judge of such Court when the said Court was not fitting.

V. And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons discharged out of Custody as aforesaid, although he shall not have been discharged according to Law, shall be deemed and taken to have been legally discharged out of Custody.

CAP. VII.

An Act to indemnify all Persons who have been concerned in advising, issuing or carrying into Execution any Order or Orders for permitting the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms into and out of certain of His Majeft/s West India Islands.

[17th March 1818.]

< XT 7 HE REAS by an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the ' W Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, inti-

* tuled An Act for the encouraging and increqfing of Shipping and 4 Navigation, and by other Acts of Parliament now in force, no 4 Goods or Commodities whatsoever can be imported into or ex?

* ported out of any Lands, Istands, Plantations or Territories to 4 His Majesty belonging, or in His Majesty's Possession, or which

* may hereafter belong unto or be in the Possession of His Majesty,

* His Heirs and SuccefTors, in A£a, Africa or America, in any other

* Ship or Ships, Vessel or Yefiela whatsoever, but in such Snips or * Vessels as do truly and without Fraud belong only to the People of

< the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or of any of the

* Territories thereof, in the manner and subject to the Exceptions and 4 Regulations in the said Acts respectively contained; but Whereas,

4 notwithstanding the said Acts, His Majesty's Governor of the Island 4 of Dominica» and the Person acting as Governor of Saint Lucia,

* have found themselves under the Necessity of opening, with the 4 Advice of their respective Councils, the Ports of the said Istands,

4 for a limited time, for the Importation of certain Articles necessary 4 for the Supply of the said Istands, Coionics, Settlements and Ter-4 ritories, in Foreign Bottoms, and in like manner for the Export-4 ation of certain Articles the Produce of the said Islands in return 4 for the same: And Whereas such Importation and Exportation 4 as aforesaid are contrary to the said Acts of Parliament, but being 4 permitted from the Necessity of the Occasion, the same ought to be

* juftified by an Act of Parliament, and rendered valid and of due

4 Force

A.D.1818.

58* GEO. III.

C. 7. d

1*Force in Law, and all persons advising or issuing any Order or

* Permiflion of the said Governor, or Person acting as fach, ought to

* be respectively justified Be it therefore enabled by The King's r Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Orders for the said Orders and Permissions be and be deemed valid accordingly, and Importation of of due Force in Law; and that all personal Actions and Suits, In- Artkles into diftments, Informations and all Prosecutions and Proceedings what- cOTtmy toThe ioever, which have been or shall be hereafter prosecuted or commenced recited Act de-against any Person or Persons for having advised or issued or carried dared valid | into Execution any such Order or Permiffjon at any time before the «nd on Ad ion passing of this Act, be, are and shall be discharged and made void broulbt» by virtue of this Act; and that if any Action or Suit shall be prosecuted or commenced against any Person or Persons for or by reason of any such Act, matter or thing so advised, commanded, appointed or done, he, she or they may plead the General I flue, and give this General Act and the Special Matter ip Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any Action or Suit so to be prosecuted or commenced in that Part of the United Kingdom passed England, or that part called Ireland, or in the said West India Istands, shall become nonsuit, or forbear further Prosecution, or suffer Discontinuance, or if a Ver-di6t shall pass against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover his, her or their Double Costs, for which Double Co<15$ he, she or they shall have the like Remedy as in Cases where the Costs by Law are given to the Defendants; and if any. such Action or and io A&fcm* Suit as aforesaid shall be commenced or prosecuted in that Part of , n Scotland, Great Britain called Scotland, the Court before which such Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted shall allow to the Defender die Benefit of the Discharge and Indemnity thereby provided, and Indemnity and shall further allow him his Double Costs of Suit in all such Cases as DouWe Costs* aforesaid.

II. And be it also enacted, That if any Action or Suit hath been If any Aaion* already commenced against any Person or Persons for any such Act, brought, Pro-matter or thing so advised, commanded, appointed or done, it shall ceedinga xn«y bw and may be lawful for the Defendants or Defenders in such Actions m*Appj^ or Suit respectively, in whatever Court in the United Kingdom of tion; ^Great Britain and Ireland, or in the said Wefi India Istands, such Action or Suit shall have been commeneed, to apply to such Court or Courts respectively to stay all Proceedings thereon respectively, by Motion in a summary Way, and such Court or Courts are hereby required to make Order for that Purpose accordingly; and the Court or Courts making such Order shall allow and award to the Defendants or Defenders respectively Double Costs of Suit, for which Double Coat, they shall respectively have the like Remedy as in Cases where the Costs are by Law given to the Defendants or Defenders.

CAP.

58 GEO. III.

A.D.181

Govtrnors may

fufpeud or tako away Penfiom of Penfionert guilty of Fraud, or of attempting, &c. gross Mifcon-dud.

54 G 3. c.l6.

C. 8, 9.

CAP. VIII.

An Act to authorize the Governors of the Hospital of Ring Charles the Second for ancient and maimed Officers and Soldiers of the Army of Ireland, (ufually called the Royal Hospital at Kilmainham, ) to suspend or take away the Pen-Cons of such Pensioners of the said Hospital as shall be guilty of any Fraud in respect of Prize Money or Pensions, or of any other gross Misconduct.

[17th Marsh 1818J

* WHEREAS no sufficient Provision is made for paniihing

* VV Frauds in Ireland relating to Pensions or Prize Money of

* Soldiers; and it is expedient that Powers should be given to the

* Governors of the Hospital of King Charles the Second, for ancient

* and maimed Officers and Soldiers of the Army of Ireland, (ufually < called the Royal Hospital at Kilmainham, ) to take away or fut-

* pend the Pensions payable at the said Hofoital of such Persons

* as shall be guilty of Frauds or other gross Misconduct ; * Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent ot the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afterabled, and by the Authority of the same, TTiat from and after the pafiing of this Act, upon Complaint and Proof being made to the Satisfaction of the Governors of the said Hospital, or any Three of them, that any Fraud either with respect to the Receipt of Prize Money or Pension, or any other Money in the Nature of Allowance or Bounty Money, hath been or shall be attempted or practised by any Person being a Pensioner of the said Hospital, or that any such Pensioner hath attempted or practised any other gross Mifcondust, it shall and may be lawful for the Governors of the said Hospital, and they are hereby authorized to suspend or entirely to take away the Pension payable at the said Hospital to the Person so offending 5 and upon the Order of the said Governors under their Corporate Seal, or of any Three or more of such Governors, under their Hands and Seals, the Pension therein mentioned shall be suspended or altogether taken away, according to the tenor of the said Order; any thing in any other Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. IX.

An Act to further continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen. Two Acts of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing the Duties of Customs on Madder imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

[17th March 1818.]

* WHEREAS an Act was pasted in the Fifty fourth Year of

* W His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An AEt for repealing

* the Duties of Customs on Madder imported into Great Britain, and

€ for granting other Duties in lieu thereof to continue in forte until

* the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and /even*

1 teen:

58° GEO. III

11

C.9, 10.

* teen: And Where** another Act was passed in the Came Session of«Parliament, intituled An A3 to refiify a M'tjlake in an A3 of the € present SeJJton of Parliament* for repealing the Dutiee of Cufiome

'*on Madder imported into Great Britain, and for granting other

i ' Duties in lieu thereof: And Whereas an Act was passed in the Fifty

r ' sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An A3 to

* continue, 'until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight

* hundred and eighteen» Two A3s of the Fifty fourth Tear of Hie

* present Majesty, for repealing the Duties of Customs on Madder 1 imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu ' thereof: And Whereas it is expedient that the said first recited

* Ad, as altered by the second recited Act, should be further con-

* tinued$' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aflerabled, and by the Authority of the same. That the said first recited Act, aa amended by the said second recited Act, shall be further continued until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

CAP. X.

An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act» passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign , of His present Majesty, for punithing Mutiny and Desertion, and to indemnify certain Persons in relation thereto. [17th March 1818.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of Hi* present Majesty, and passed on the Twenty ' second Day of June in the said Year, intituled An A3 for punching € Mutiny and Dtfertion* and for the better Payment of the Army and ' their Quarters: And Whereas it was in and by the said Act eo-' acted, that the said Act should continue in force within Great 1 Britain from the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight*hundred and fifteen to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thou-< sand eight hundred and sixteen, and within Ireland* and in Jersey, ' Guernsey* Alderney* Sari and Isle of Man, and the Island* thereto 4 belonging, from the First Day of July One thousand eight huw-' dred and fifteen until the First Day of April One thousand eight < hundred and sixteen, and in Gibraltar* Spain and Portugal* from ' the Twenty fifth Day of Augufi One thousand eight hundred and*fifteen to the Twenty fifth Day of May One thousand eight bun-< dred and sixteen, and in all other Part* of Europe whew His*Majesty's Forces might be serving, and in. the WcjlIndies* North < America and Cape of Good Hope* from the Twenty fifth Day*

' 0Sober One thousand eight hundred and fifteen to the Twenty fifth < Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and in aUL«other Places from the Twenty fifth Day of February One thou-< sand eight hundred and sixteen to the Twenty fifth Day of March < One thousand eight hundred and feveateeo: And Where** aw Act*passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of Hi* present Majesty* 4 intituled An A3 for punishing Mutiny and Desertion* and for the better payment of the Army and their Quarters And When*#* k 4 wax by the hxi Act euacted, that the Uid Act should continue- iw force within the several and respective Countries and Place* men*

* tioned

54O.3.C. 17.

5$ O.3. c.69.

54 G. 3. c.a6. continued.

Recital of Stat. 55 G.3. c. 108.

§ 156.

36 G.3. c.xo. §157.

C. 10.

58° GEO. III,

A.D. 1 818.

And that 55 G.3.C.108. ought to have been continued till Nov. 1817, and that by Mif-take, March had been inserted infield of November.

Acts dene to be valid notwithstanding the Mistake of the Date of Continuance in first recited Adit and Persons indemnified.

1 tioned as aforesaid for the several and refpeAive Periods in the said

* last recited A A specified, and in all other Places from the Twenty

* fourth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and seven-

* teen to the Twenty fifth Day of November One thousand eight

* hundred and eighteen: And Whereas the A As passed for punifhiog9Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the^ Army and

* their Quarters, have always been made to continue, in all* such other9Places as aforesaid, for a much longer Period than in the Place#

* specified in the said A As, on account of the Di fiance of such other € Places, and to allow of sufficient time for the Transmission of the

* AA of the following Year; and the said AA of the Fifty fifth9Year aforesaid ought therefore to have been continued, according to9the usual Course of the said AAs, as to such other Places, until9November One thousand eight hundred and seventeen s And Whereaa9March was infertedin the said last mentioned AA by Mistake instead9of November; and by reason thereof, and of the succeeding A A of

* the Fifty sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign being made to continue9in such distant Places for the usual Periods without such Mistake9in the preceding AA having been discovered, the Provisions of the

* said AAs have not been in force in the East Indies, and such other9distant Parts and Places; and it is therefore expedient and neceflaiy9that such Mistake and Omission should be remedied, and that alt9AAs, matters and things which would, if the £aid first recited A A

* had been in force during the said Period, been valid and effeAual,

9 should be confirmed, and that all Persons who have during the said

* Period exercised any Powers or Authorities, or done any AA*

* matter or thing, which would have been authorized by the said

* AA, if the same had been in force, should be indemnifiedBe it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal* and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Powers and Authorities used and exercised, and all Orders which have been issued, given and obeyed, and all AAs done, and matters and things which nave happened or arisen in relation to the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, and the Preservation of Discipline, and the Payment of the Army and their Quarters, which would, if the Provisions of the said first recited AA had been in force, have been valid and effeAual, shall be and are hereby confirmed, and declared to be as valid and effeAual, to all Intents and Purposes as if such Mistake had not arisen, and as if the said first recited AA had been continued to the Twenty fifth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, and the Provisions thereof had been in full Force and EffeA $ and all Persons who have issued or obeyed any Orders or done any AA in relation thereto, and all other matters and things which would have been good, valid and effeAual under the Provisions of the said first recited AA, if the said AA had been continued to the said Twenty fifth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, shall be and are hereby declared to be fully indemnified and wholly released from any AAion, Suit or other Proceedings for or in relpeA of having issued or obeyed any such Order or done any such AA, and for or in refpeA of any such matters and things as aforesaid, as fully and effeAualty to all Intents and Purposes at if the said first recited AA had been in full Force; and EffeA during such Period as aforesaid*

CAP*

A.D. 1818.

58 GEO. III.

C. ll.

13

CAP. XL

An Act for punUhing Mutiny and Desertion and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[17th March 1818.]

WHEREAS the railing or keeping a Standing Army within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in time*of Peace, unless it be with the Consent of Parliament, is again!

* Law: And Whereas it is judged necessary by His Majesty, and 4 this present Parliament, that a Body of Forces Ihouid be continued*for the Safety of the United Kingdom, the Defence of the Poffef-4 Sons of His Majesty's Crown, and the Preservation of the Balance 4 of Power in Enrobe, and that the whole Number of such Forces Number of*Ihouid consist of One hundred and thirteen thousand six hundred Foroes, 113, 640. 4 and forty effective Officers and Men, (including the Forces stationed 4 in France, ) and also Four thousand two hundred Officers and Men 4 proposed to be disbanded, but excluGve of the Officers and Men 4 belonging to the Regiments now employed in the Territorial Pof-4 sessions of the East India Company, or ordered from thence to 4 Great Britain: And Whereas no Man can be forejudged of Life 4 or Limb, or subjected in time of Peace to any Kind of Punishment 4 within this Realm by Martial Law, or in any other manner than by*the Judgment of his Peers, and according to the known and eftab-4 liihed Laws of this Realm; yet nevertheless, it being requisite, for 4 the retaining all the before mentioned Forces in their Duty, that an 4 exact Discipline be observed, and that Soldiers who shall mutiny or 4 (Ur up Sedition, or shall desert His Majesty's Service, be brought 4 to a more exemplary and speedy Punishment than the usual Forms 4 of the Law will allow %* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Etery Officer at Person who is or shall be commissioned or in Pay as an Officer, or Private Man, who is or shall be lifted or in Pay as a Non Commissioned Officer or during the Coo-Soldier, shall at any time during the Continuance of this Act begin, excite, cause or join in any Mutiny or Sedition in His Majesty's mutiny or desert,

Land or Marine Foroes, or shall not use his utmost Endeavours to fe. 7 '

fupprefs the same, or coming to the Knowledge of any Mutiny or v

intended Mutiny, shall not without Delay give Information thereof to his Commanding Officer; or shall milbehave himself before the Enemy; or shall mamefully abandon or deliver up any Garrison,

Fortress, Poll or Guard committed to his Charge, or which he shall be commanded to defend; or shall compel the Governor or Commanding Officer of any Garrison, Fortress or Poll, to deliver up to the Enemy, or to abandon the same; or shall speak Words, or use any other Means to induce such Governor or Commanding Officer, or others, to milbehave before the Enemy, or (hamefully to abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Poll or Guard committed to their respective Charge, or which he or they shall be commanded to defend; or shall leave his Poll before relieyed; or shall be found or shall be deeping on his Poll; or shall hold Correspondence with, or give found deeping Advice or Intelligence to any Rebel or Enemy of His Majesty, "P1. cither by Letters, Mefiages, Signs or Tokens, in any manner or way &

whatsoever $ disobey hi* fu-

U

C. 11.

58° GEO. III.

perior Officers shall suffer Death, or such PuniOitnenc as a Court Martial may inflict.

Persons accused of capital Crimes, &c. to he delivered over to the Civil Magif-trate, &c.

Commanding Officer not delivering over such Offender,

dibbled.

Proceedings &c. of Courts Martial to be transmitted to the Judge Advocate General to be preserved.

Muster Rolls Ten Miles dif-tant from London, to be doled within 24 Hours after the Muster, and returned within Seven DayitotheCom-mtffary General of Musters, &c.

A.D. 18181

whatsoever; or shall treat or enter into any Terms with such Rebq or Enemy, without His Majesty's Licence, or Licence of the General or Chief Commander $ or shall strike or use any Violence again ft ha| superior Offioer, being in the Execution of his Office; or shall diiobey any lawful Command of his superior Officer; or shall defer! His Majesty's Service; all and every Person or Persons so offending in any of the matters before mentioned, whether such Offence shall be committed within this Realm, or in any other of His Majesty's Dominions, or in Foreign Parts, upon Land or upon the Sea, /hall fufPer Death, or such other Punifkment as by a Court Martial shall be awarded.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Officer, Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier shall be accused of any Capital Crime, or of any Violence or Offence against the Person, Estate or Property of any of His Majesty's Subjects, which'ispunifh-abte by the known Laws of the Land, the Commanding Officer and Officers of every Regiment, Troop, Company or Party, is and are hereby required to use his and their utmost Endeavours to deliver over such accused Person to the Civil Magistrate; and shall also be aiding and assisting to the Officers of Justice in the seizing and apprehending such Offender, in order to bring him to Trial r And if any such Commanding Officer shall wilfully neglect or refttfe, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, to deliver over any such accused Person to the Civil Magistrate, or to be aiding or affifnng to the Officers of Justice in apprehending such Offenders, every such Officer so offending, and being thereof convicted, upon any Information or Indictment in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminsteri or in any of His Majesty's Courts in Scotland) or in Dublin, shall be deemed and taken to be ipso fa8o cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in His Majesty's Service, and a Certificate thereof shall be transmitted to the Judge Advocate in London.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every Judge Advocate, or Person officiating as such at any General Court Martial, do and he is hereby required to transmit, with as much Expedition as the Opportunity of time and Distance of Place can admit, dbe original Proceedings and Sentence of such Court Martial to the Judge Advocate General in London; and the said original Proceedings and Sentences are to be carefully kept and preserved in his Office, to the end that the Persons entitled thereto may be enabled, ' upon Application to such Office, to obtain Copies thereof, according to the true Intent and meaning of this A 61.

XLVII. And De it further enacted, That in Great Britain the Deputy or Deputies of the Commissary General shall, upon every Half Yearly Muster taken by him or them respectively of any Regiment, Troop or Company in His Majesty's Service, at any Place Ten Miles distant from London, close the Muster Rolls of the said Regiment, Troop or Company within Twenty four Hours after such Muster shall have been made, and shall return the Rolls so taken by the Poll or other safe Conveyance, within Seven Days after their being closed, to the Commissary General of Musters; who shall and he is hereby directed and required to transmit One Set of every of the said Rolls to the Secretary at War, One to* the Paymaster

General

A.D. 1818#

58° GEO, III.

C. 11.

15

1

, General of His Majesty's Land Foroes, and One to the Comptrollers r*' of the Accounts of the Army, on or before the First Day of Mam

* and Twenty ninth Day of September respectively following such Halt

* Yearly Mutter: And no Alterations or Indorsements shall be made f in or upon the said Mutter Rolls, other than in the Case of Orders

of Leave or Dates of Commiifions, and other than involuntary Errors a or literal Mistakes in writing or tranferibing the said Mutter Rolls,

* upon Pain of forfeiting their respective Employments, and the Sum f of Twenty Pounds for every such Offence to any Person who shall " sue for the (ame.i

^ LXXXVIL And be it further enacted, That the Carnages for the Service of the Forces from time to time quartered or marching ' in Scotland shall be provided in like manner and at the Rates, and the fc Fumifher of such Carriages shall be paid, as was directed by the Law

* in force in Scotland at the time of its Union with England: Provided i always, that a Cart with one or more Horses, for which the Fur-

* niftier shall demand and receive the Sum of Nine pence per Mile, shall i be required to carry Fifteen Hundred Weight at the leatt.

i*CXXXVI. And Whereas Doubts have arisen whether Officers 4 and Persons commissioned or employed in the Commiffariat Depart-t 4 meat, or in the Office of Storekeeper to His Majesty's Regular 4 Foroes, be within the Intent and meaning of this XA& $' Be it declared and enacted, That all Officers and Persons who are or shall be commissioned or employed in the Commiffariat Department, or as Storekeeper, or under the Storekeeper General, who are or shall be serving with auy Part of Hit Majesty's Forces at Home or Abroad, and are or shall be placed under the Command of any General or other Officer having Commission from His Msuefty, shall be, to all Intents and Purposes, liable to the Frovifiona of this Act, and to the same Rules and Articles of War, and the same Penalties and Punifti-menu, as in the Case of His Majesty's other Forces.

CLVII. And be it further enacted. That this Act shall be and continue in force within Great Britain from the Twenty fourth Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, until the Twenty fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; and shall be and continue in force within Ireland, and in Jersey, Guernjiy, Alderney* Sark and Isle of Man, and the lftands thereto belonging, from the First Day of April in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight: hundred and eighteen, until the First Day of April in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; and shall be and continue in force in France, and in the Netherlander from the Twenty fifth Day of July ia the Year of our Lord One thousand eight* hundred and eighteen, until the Twenty fifth Day of May in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; and (InU, be and continue in force within the Garrison of Gibraltar, and in Spain-and Portugal, from the Twenty fifth Day of May in the Year ot our Lord One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, until the Twenty fifth Day of June in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight.ham. dred and nineteen; and shall be and continue iu force in all otbnr Parts of Europe where His Majesty's Forces may be serving; and in the West Indies and America, from the Twenty fifth Day of Jnfy One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, to the Twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; and shall be* anjd

continue

Altering, &c. of lame.

Forfeiture of Office, and Penalty sol.

Carriage! in Scotland bow to be provided.

Rate!.

Persons employed in the Com-miflariat, and Office of Storekeeper, liable to the Proviflons of this Act, while serving with the Forces.

Continuance of

aa.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. mS-

GC.

Perfom against commanded, ordered, directed or advised to be done, since the whon^uch^ Ae-1 'fwcnty sixth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and indemnified?118*seventeen, for apprehending, committing, imprifomng, detaining in Custody or discharging any Person or Persons who hath or have been imprisoned or detained in Custody for High Treason, or Suspicion of High Treason or Treasonable Practices, not relating to Com, or for apprehending, committing, imprisoning or detaining in Custody any Person or Persons who have been imprisoned or detained in Custody for having been so tumultuously, unlawfully and in a dif-orderly manner assembled as aforesaid, or for difperftng any Persons so assembled as aforesaid, or for seizing the Papers of any such Person or Persons, or for fetching Houses for Arms and other offensive Weapons as aforesaid, (hajl be discharged and made void; and that every Person by whom any such Act, matter, or thing shall have been done or commanded, ordered, directed or advised to be done, shall be freed, acquitted, discharged and indemnified, as tfell against The King's Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, as against the Person and Persons (o apprehended, committed, imprisoned or detained in Custody, discharged or dispersed, and all and every other Person and Persons whomsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit hath been or shall be brought, commenced or had in any Court of that Part of the United Kingdom called England, against any Person or Person 8 for or on account of any such A &, matter or thing as aforesaid, he and they may plead the General Iftue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or forbear further Prosecution, or suffer Difcon-tinuance in any such Action or Suit, or if a Verdi& shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein, the Defendant or Defendants shall have and be entitled to Double Costs, for which he or they shall have

Geucral I flue.

Double Costs.

la Ad ions brought in Scotland Defenders allowed their Expences.

the like Remedy as in other Cases in which Costs by Law are given to Defendants; and if any such Action or Suit hath been or (nail be

Proviso.

brought, commenced or had in any Court within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ the Court before whom or in which such Action or Suit shall be brought, commenced or had, or shall be depending, shall allow to the Defender or Defenders therein the Benefit of the Discharge and Indemnity hereinbefore provided, and shall further decern the Pursuer or Pursuers to pay the Defender or Defenders the full and real Expences which he or they shall be put to by such Action or Suitx Provided always, that in such Cases in which any such Action or Suit shall have been commenced before the Twenty seventh Day of February now last past, and in which the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Pursuer or Pursuers, shall not have continued since the Twenty seventh Day of February, or shall not hereafter continue the Proceedings in any such Action or Suit, such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Pursuer or Pursuers, shall not be liable to any Costs or Expences.

HI. And be it further enacted, That if any A&iou, Suit, Indi&-ment, Information, Prosecution or Proceeding hath been or shall he brought, commeneed, preferred, exhibited or had in any Court against be brought or an7*er^on or Perf°ns for or on account of any such Act, matter or one of the'thing as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants, Judges if the Defender or Defenders, in any such Action, Suit, Indictment, In-

Court be nut formatipn, Prosecution or Proceeding, or for any of them^ to apjfty

Application may be made to the Court in which

A.D. 1818.

58 GEO. III.

C. 6*

by Motion# Petition or other* ife, in a summary Way, to the Court in which the same hath been or shall be brought, commeneed, preferred, exhibited or had, or shall be depending, if such Court shall be fitting, and if not fitting, then to any one of the Judges or Justices of such Court, to day ml further Proceedings in such Action, Suit, Indid-znent, Information, Prosecution or Proceeding; and such Court, and any Judge or Justice thereof when the said Court shall not be fitting, is nCfeby authorised and required to examine the matter of such Application; and upon Proof by the Oath or Affidavit of the Person or Persons making such Application, or any of them, or other Proof to the Satisfaction of such Court, Judge or Justice, that such ACtion, Suit, Indictment, Information, Prosecution or Proceeding is brought, commeneed, preferred, exhibited or had for or on account of any such Alt, matter or thing as aforesaid, to make an Order for flaying Execution and all other Proceedings in such ACtion, Suit, Indiament, Information, Prosecution or Proceeding, in whatever State the same shall or may then be; and the Court or the Judge or Justice making such Order for Stay of Proceedings in any Action or Suit as aforesaid shall also order unto the Defendant or Defendants, Defender or Defenders, and he or they shall have and be entitled to Double Costs for all such Proceeding as shall be had or carried on in any such Action or Suit after the passing of this Act, and for which Costs he and they shall have the like Remedy as in Cases where Costs are by Law given to Defendants or Defenders: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, being a Party or Parties to any such ACtion, Suit, Indictment, Information, Prosecution or other Proceeding, to apply by Motion, Petition or otherwise, in a summary Way, to the Court in which the same shall have been brought, commeneed, preferred, exhibited or had, or shall be depending, to vacate, discharge or fet aside any Order made by any Judge or Justice of that Court for flaying Proceedings, or for Payment of Costs as aforesaid, so as such Application be made within the firfk Four Days on winch such Court shall fit next after the making of any such Order by any Judge or Justice as aforesaid; and such Court is hereby required to examine the Matter of such Application, and to make such Order therein as if die Application had been originally made to the said Court, but nevertheless in the meantime^ and until such Application shall'be made to the said Court, and unless the said Court shall think fit to vacate, discharge, fet aside or reverse the Order made by any such Judge or Justice as aforesaid, the same shall continue in full Force to all Intents and Porpofes whatsoever.

IV. Provided also, and be it enaffced by the Authority aforesaid. That if anj Action or Suit hath been or shall be brought, commenced or had in any Court in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland) for, or by reason, or on account of apprehending, committing, imprisoning, detaining in Custody or discharging out of Custody, any Person or Persons in Ireland who have or hath been charged with High' Treason, or Suspicion of High Treason or Treasonable Practices, committed or carried on, or aljedged to have been committed or carried on in Great Britain, any Person or Persons against whom any such Action or Suit hath been or shall be brought, commenced or had, may plead die General Issue, and give in Evidence this Alt and the Special Matter, and shall be entitled to Double Costs in like Cases in which any Defendant or Defendants sued in Great Britain is or are

B 4? hereby

fitting, to flay Proceedings^&c.S

and on Proof by Oath or Affidavit of such Action commenced. Order may be made..

Double Costs.

Proviso for Application to let aside Order.

A&ione brought in Ireland, General Issue.

Double Costs;

c. 6, 7-

38- GEO, III.

A.D.1818.

nnJ Order to (lay Proceedings on fummtry .Application.

Persons discharged out of Cudody, deemed legally dif. charged.

Recital of Scat. u Car. %. c. 18.

And that the Governors of Dominica and St. Lucia had been obliged to open the Ports of the said Islands for Importation and Exportation of certain Articles, as herein pnentioned.

hereby declared to be entitled to Double Costs, and shall have the like Remedies for the same; and the Court in Ireland in which such Action or Suit hath been or shall be commenced whilst fitting, and the refpe&iye Judges thereof whilst the Court is not fitting, are and is hereby empowered, authorized and required, upon Applications made for that Purpose in a summary Way by any Defendant or Defendants, to exaipine the Matter of such Applications, and thereupon to make Orders as tp flaying Execution and other Proceedings, and as to Double Costs, in such and the like Manner as is hereinbefore enacted and provided with respect to Applications made to any Court or Judge in England, and with such and the like Power to the Courts when fitting to vacate, discharge or fet aside any Orders made by any Judge of such Court when the said Court was not fitting.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons discharged out of Custody as aforesaid, although he shall not have been discharged according to Law, (lull be deemed and taken to have been legally discharged out of Custody.

CAP. VII.

An Act to indemnify all Persons who have been concerned in advising, issuing or carrying into Execution any Order or Orders for permitting the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms into and out of certain of His Majeft/s West India Islands.

[17th March 18x8.]

* WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the

* W Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, inti-4 tuled An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shifting and 4 Navigation, and by other Acts of Parliament now in force, no

* Goods or Commodities whatsoever can be imported into or ex-r 4 ported out of any Lands, Istands, Plantations or Territories to 1 His Majesty belonging, or iq His Majesty's PofTession, or which 4 may hereafter belong unto or be in the Possession of His Majesty, 4 His Heirs and Successors, in A£a, Africa or America% in any other 4 Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels whatsoever, but in such Ships or *. Vessels as do truly and without Fraud belong only to the People of < the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland^ or of any of the 4 Territories thereof, in the manner and subject to the Exceptions and 4 Regulations in the said Acts respectively contained; but Whereas, 4 notwithstanding the said Acts, His Majesty'* Governor of the Island 4 of Dominica, and the Person acting as Governor of Saint Lucia9 4 have found themselves under the Necessity of opening, with the 4 Advice of their respective Councils, the Ports of the said Istands, 4 for a limited time, for the Importation of certain Articles necessary 4 for the Supply of the said Istands, Coionics, Settlements and Ter-4 ritories, in Foreign Bottoms, and in like manner for the Export-4 ation of certain Articles the Produce of the said Islands in return 4 for the same: And Whereas such Importation and Exportation 4 as aforesaid are contrary to the said Acts of Parliament, but being 4 permitted from the Necessity of the Occasion, the same ought to be

* ju {lifted by an Act of Parliament, and rendered valid and of due

4 Force

A.D. 1818.

58° GEO. III.

C. 7.

* Force in Law, and all Persons advising or issuing any Order or € Permission of the saud Governor, or Person acting as such, ought to € be respectively justified Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Orders and Permissions be and be deemed valid accordingly, and of due Force in Law; and that all personal Actions and Suits, Indictments, Informations and all Prosecutions and Proceedings what-foe ver, which have been or shall be hereafter prosecuted or commenced against any Person or Persons for having advised or issued or carried into Execution any such Order or Permifiion at any time before the puffing of this Act, be, are and shall be discharged and made void by Yirtue of this Act; and that if any Action or Suit shall be prosecuted or commenced against any Person or Persons for or by reason of any such Ad, matter or thine so advised, commanded, appointed or done, he, (he or they may plead the General lfsue, and give this Act and the Special Matter ip Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any Action or Suit so to be prosecuted or commenced in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, or that part called Ireland, or in the said West India Istands, shall become nonsuit, or forbear further Prosecution, or suffer Discontinuance, or if a Ver-did shall pass against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover bis9 her or their Double Costs, for which he, (he or they shall have the like Remedy as in Cases where the Costs by Law are given to the Defendants; and if any such Action or Suit as aforesaid shall be commenced or prosecuted in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, \ the Court before which such Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted shall allow to the Defender the Benefit of the Discharge and Indemnity thereby provided, and shall further allow him his Double Costs of Suit in all such Cases as aforesaid.

II. And be it also enacted. That if any Action or Suit hath been already commenced against any Person or Persons for any such Ad, matter or thing so advised, commanded, appointed or done, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendants or Defenders in such Actions or Suit respectively, in whatever Court in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in the said West India Istands, such Action or Suit shall have been commeneed, to apply to such Court or Courts respectively to stay all Proceedings thereon respectively, by Motion in a summary Way, and such Court or Courts are hereby required to make Order for that Purpose accordingly; and the Court or Courts making such Order shall allow and award to the Defendants or Defenders respectively Double Costs of Suit, for which they shall respectively have the like Remedy as in Cases where the Costs are by Law given to the Defendants or Defenders.

Orders for the Importation of Articles into certain Porta contrary to the recited Act declared valid t and on Action brought,

General HTue.

Double Coil 5;

and in Action s in Scotland,

Indemnity and Double Costs.

If any Actiona brought, Proceedings may bo stayed on summary Application.

Double Costs.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818«

Governors may fufpeud or take away Pensions of Pensioners guiUy of Fraud, or of attempting, &c. gross Mifcon-du ft.

54 G 3. c. 16.

C. 8, 9.

CAP. VIII.

An Act to authorize the Governors of the Hospital of King Charles the Second for ancient and maimed Officers and Soldiers of the Army of Ireland, (ufually called the Royal Hospital at Kilmainham, ) to suspend or take away the Pensions of such Pensioners of the said Hospital as shall be guilty of any Fraud in refpe£t of Prize Money or Pensions, or of any other gross Misconduct.

[17th Marsh 1818.]

XT7HEREAS no sufficient Provision is made for pnnifhing

VV Frauds in Ireland relating to Pensions or Prize Money of 4 Soldiers; and it is expedient that Powers should be given to the

Governors of the Hospital of King Charles the Second for ancient 4 and maimed Officers and Soldiers of the Army of Ireland, (ufually 4 called the Royal Hospital at Kilmainham, ) to take away or fui-4 pend the Pensions payable at the said Hofipital of such Persons 4 as shall be guilty of Frauds or other gross Misconduct ; f Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the passing of this Act, upon Complaint and Proof being made to the Satisfaction of the Governors of the said Hospital, or any Three of them, that any Fraud either with respect to the Receipt of Prize Money or Pensien, or any other Money in the Nature of Allowance or Bounty Money, hath keen or shall be attempted or practised by any Person being a Pensioner of the said Hospital, or that any such Pensioner hath attempted or practised any other gross Mifcondust, it shall and may be lawful for the Governors of the said Hospital, and they are hereby authorized to suspend or entirely to take away the Pension payable at the said Hospital to the Person so offending 5 and upon the Order of the said Governors under their Corporate Seal, or of any Three or more of such Governors, under their Hands and Seals, the Fenfioo therein mentioned shall be suspended or altogether taken away, according to the tenor of the said Order; any thing in any other Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wile notwithstanding.

CAP. IX.

An Act to further continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen*. Two Acts of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing the Duties of Customs on Madder imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

[17th March 1818.]

4 Y T7HEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty fourth Year of 4 VV His present Majesty'a Reign, intituled An Act for repealing 4 the Duties of Customs on Madder imported into Great Britain, and 4 for granting other Duties in lieu thereof to continue in force until 4 the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and /even-

4 teen:

58° GEO. III.

1]

C.9, 10.

* teen: And Whereat another Act was passed in the same Session of < Parliament, intituled An A3 to reSify a Mijlake in an A3 of the 4 present Session of Parliament, for repealing the Duties of Cufiome 4 on Madder imported into Great Britain, and for granting other 4 Duties in lieu thereof: And Whereas an Act was passed in the Fifty ' sixth Year of His present Majesty'* Reign, intituled An Act to 4 continue, 'until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight 4 hundred and eighteen, Two A3s of the Fifty fourth Tear of His 4 pr*[**t Majesty, for repealing the Duties of Cufiome on Madder 4 imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu 4 thereof: And Whereas it is expedient that the said first. recited 4 Act, as altered by the second recited Act, Should be further con* 4 tinued $' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual apa Temporal, and Commons, in thispresent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said first recited Act, aa amended by the said second recited A ft, shall be further continued until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

CAP. X.

An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act, puffed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and to indemnify certain Persons in relation thereto. [17th March x 8 x 8*3

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and passed on the Twenty 4 second Day of June in the said Year, intituled An A3 for punching 4 Mutiny and Dfertton, and for the letter Payment of the Army and 4 their Quarters: And Whereas it was in and by the said Act co-4 acted, that the said Act Should continue in force within Great 4 Britain from the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight 4 hundred and fifteen to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and within Ireland, and in Jerfoy, 4 Guernsey, Alderney, Sort and Isle of Mass, and the Islands thereto 4 belonging, from the First Day of July One thousand eight hus-4 dred and fifteen until the First Day of April One thousand eight 4 hundred and sixteen, and in Gibraltar, Spain and Portugal, front 4 the Twenty fifth Day of Augufi One thousand eight hundred and 4 fifteen to the Twenty fifth Day of May One thousand eight bun* 4 dred and sixteen, and in all other Parts of Europe where His 4 Majesty'8 Forces might be serving, and in the Wefi Indue, North 4 America and Cape of Good Hope, from the Twenty fifth Day of 4 0Sober One thousand eight hundred, and fifteen to the Twenty fifth 4 Day of July One thou laud eight hundred and sixteen, and m all 4 other Places from the Twenty fifth Day of February One thou* 4 sand eight hundred and sixteen to the Twenty fifth Day of March 4 One thousand eight hundred and seventeen: And Whereas a* Act 4 pasted in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of Bis present Majesty, 4 intituled Ati A3 for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and fir the 4 better payment of the Army aetd their Quartere And Wbenaat it 4 wa& by the fell Act enacted, that the said Act should continue- i* 4 force within the several and respective Countries and Places men*

4 tioned

a; .

S* 0.3. c. 69.

54 0.3. c. 26. continued.

Recital of Stat. SS 0*3* c. 108.

§156.

56 G.3-C.I0* §IJ7-

C.13,

58? GEO. III.

A.D« 1818*

4I. to be paid for Licences for retailing Spirits within any Royal Burgh or Place not within the Highlands;

and il. in the Highlands, Royal Burghs, &c. excepted.

Duties under Commissioners of Excise.

Duties how to be levied.

Former A6U in force.

Licences for retailing Spirits were, from and after the Fifth Day of 1 July One thousand eight hundred and iixteen, repealed, and other

* Duties were imposed in lieu thereof; but in the Imposition of filch

* new Duties the Licence Duties which were intended to be paid by

Retailers in Scotland, of plain Aqua Vita only were omitted 5* For Remedy whereof, be it eAa&ed by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act there Shall be raised, levied, collected and paid throughout Scotland\ to and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Sue-ceffors, the several annual Sums of Money hereinafter mentioned, for and upon all Licences to be taken out according to the Laws in each Case made and provided by Retailers of plain Aqua Vita only in Scotland» that is to say, by every Person who, within the Limits of any Royal Burgh, Burgh of Barony or Regality, in any Part of Scotland, or in any Place in any other Part of Scotland other than within the Highlands of Scotland, limited and described in the A Sts in that Case made and provided, Shall retail any Spirits made or distilled from Malt, Corn, Grain, Barley, Beer, Bigg or other Briti/b Materials, and commonly called or known by the Name of Aqua Vita in that Part of the United Kingdom, for every such Licence to retail plain Aqua Vita only. Four Pounds; and by every Person who Shall retail such Spirits within the several Counties and Diftri&» of the Highlands of Scotland, the Royal Burghs, Burghs of Barony or Regality therein excepted, for every such Licence Two Pounds.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Duties by this A A imposed Shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the time being.

III. And be it further enacted, That the several Duties and Sums of Money above mentioned and hereby iripofed Shall and may be respectively raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged and allowed, in such and the like manner as in and by any or either of the general or special Means, Ways or Methods by which the former Duties of Excise respectively of the same kinds respectively were or might be raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged or allowed; and the Retailers respectively before mentioned mall be and are hereby made subject to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Reftri&ions and Forfeitures to which such Persons in general, and also to all and every the special Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Reftri&ions and Forfeitures respectively, to which the like Persons respectively were fubie& or liable by any Act or A&s of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act relating to the Duties of Excise; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture of any Nature or Kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed against or in breach of any Act or A&s of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act made for securing the Revenue of Excise, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Dire&ions therein contained, Shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to and Shall be respectively applied, practised and put in execution for and in respect of the several Duties of Excise and Sums of Money hereby imposed and njade payable respectively, in as full and ample Manner to all Intents and Purposes whatever as if all and every

the

88° GEO. III.

23

C. 13, 14.

r the said A&s, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Dire&ions, Fines, Pains, r Penalties or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-ena&ed in the Body of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Duties and several Sums of Money by this Act imposed and made payable as aforesaid, the necessary Charges of railing and accounting for the lame excepted, shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster; and the said Money so paid into the Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

V. And be it further enacted. That this Act or any of the Provisions thereof may be altered, varied or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. XIV.

An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for preventing the further Circulation of Dollars and Tokens iffiied by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England. [19th March 1818.}

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to prevent the further Circulation*of Dollars and Tokens issued by the Governor and Company of the 1 Bank of England, for the Convenience of the Public, it was enacted, < that from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thou-* sand eight hundred and eighteen, the Dollars and Tokens in the*said Act mentioned Should no longer pass or circulate, or be re-* ceived m Payment or Exchange, or otherwise howsoever, under the < Penalties in the said Act mentioned: And Whereas a conliderable 4 Quantity of the said Dollars and Tokens yet remain in Circulation, *and it is expedient to allow the same to be tendered and received in*Payment, tor the Purposes hereinafter mentioned, for the Period*hereinafter fpedfied ; * Be it therefore enacted by The King's Moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, and until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, the said Dollars and Tokens shall and may pass and circulate, and be received in Payment or Exchange, by such Persons as shall be willing to accept thereof, in like manner as before the passing of the said recited A 61 of the last Session of Parliament, any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary in any-wife notwithstanding; and that it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, and until and upon the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, to utter, offer and tender any such Dollars or Tokens in Payment of any Taxes, Rates or Duties under the Management of the Commil-fioners for Affairs of Taxes, or of the Commissioners of Customs or Exdfe, or Stamps in Great Britaint or of any Postage, or ia the Purchase of any Stamped Paper, or in the Payment of any Rent by the Tenants of any Lands, Tenements, Messuages or He-

C 4 reditaments

Duties carried to

Confulidattd

Fund.

may be altered, &c. this Seffioo.

570.3. .na-

il*

The time for Circulation of Bank Tokens and Dollars ex. tended.

C. 14, 15.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.181S,

Former Act to continue in force except as altered.

AS may be altered, See. this Session.

reditaments in Great Britain, or of any parochial or other public Rate, or in Payment to any Banker or Bankers, or any common Carrier, or to any other Person or Persona whom foe ver, for the Purpose of such Dollars or Tokens being transmitted to the. Bank of England; and that any Person or Persons who shall during the said Periods respectively offer, utter or tender in Payment any such Dollars or Tokens, according to the Proviiions of this Act, shall not be liable to any Penalty under the said recited Act; any thing it) the said recited A d to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act of the lad Session of Parliament, and all the Proviiions and Clauses therein contained, shall be and continue in full Force and Effect, except only so far as the same is and are altered by the express Words of this

a a.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

a6G. j. c. 4i.

§x.

So far as relates to the Oaths taken by the Owners and Matters of Vessels repealed. Previously to granting Licence under recited Act, the Owners and Mailers of Vessels to make Oath for the Performance of certain Particulars herein mentioned.

CAP. XV.

An Act to amend an Act made in the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davids Sir eights, so far as relates to the Oaths thereby required to be taken.

[19th March 1818.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the further Support and Encouragement of the Fijberies carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights: And Whereas by the said Act certain Oaths are required to be taken by One or more of the Owners, and by the Matter or Chief Officer of every Ship or Vessel going to and returning from the said Fishery: And Whereas the said Oaths may preclude Persons from applying for and obtain* ing the Rewards to which they may become entitled in pursuance of any Ad of Parliament for discovering the Longitude at Sea, and encouraging Attempts to find a Northern Passage between the At- lantie and Pacific Oceans, and to approach the Northern Pole ; * Be it therefore enacted by The King's Mott Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That so much of the said recited Act as relates to the Oaths to be taken by One or more of the Owners, and by the Matter or Chief Officer of every Ship or Vessel going to and returning from the said Fishery, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted. That previously to the Licence specified in the said Act being granted, One or more Owner or Owners, and the Matter or Chief Officer of such Ship or Vessel, shall make Oath before the Persons authorized by the said Act to administer the same, that it is really and truly their firm Purpose and Intention that such Ship shall, as soon as Licence shall be granted, forthwith proceed, manned, furnished and accoutred in the manner directed by the said Act, on a Voyage to the Greenland Seas and Davis9s Streigbti, or the Seas adjacent, and there, in the then approaching Season, to ufe

the

58° GEO. III.

C. 15, 1(5.

25

the utmost endeavours of themselves and their Ship's Company to take Whales or other Creatures living in the Sea, and on no other Design or View of Profit in such Voyage, save and except any Reward or Rewards offered by any Alt of Parliament for more effectually discovering the Longitude at Sea, or encouraging Attempts to find a Northern Passage between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans, and to approach the Northern Pole, and to import the Whale Fins,

Oil and Blubber thereof into Great Britain (naming the Port thereof to which it is their intention to return); and that, on the Return of any such Ship or Vessel to Great Britain, the Mailer and Mate shall make Oath that they did, in pursuance of the Licence granted in pursuance of the said Act (mentioning the Day of their Departure), proceed on a Voyage directly to the Places before mentioned, and nave not since been on any other Voyage, or pursued any other Design or View of Profit, save and except any Reward or Rewards offered by any Act of Parliament for more effectually discovering the Longitude at Sea, or encouraging Attempts to find a Northern Passage between the AtlanticZ*nd Pacific Oceans, and to approach the Northern Pole, and that they did there (mentioning the time of their Stay in those Seas) use the utmoil Endeavours of themselves and their Ship's Company to take Whales and other Creatures living in those Seas, and that all the Whale Fins, Oil and Blubber (if any) imported in such Ship or Vessel, were really and bond side caught and taken in the said Seas by the Crew of such Ship or Vessel only, or with the Assistance of the Crew of some other British built Ship or .

Vessel licensed for that Voyage pursuant to the Directions of the said Taking the recited AH; and the taking of the said respective Oaths in the Form Oaths as by this prescribed by this All shall (all the other Requisites of the said Act Act, Efficient to being duly complied with) be sufficient to authorize the granting of the Licences for the Sailing of such Ships and Vessels, and the fences and* Payment of the Bounties granted by the said Act. Payment of

Bounties.

CAP. XVI.

An All to continue until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and amend an Act of the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for reducing the Duties payable on Horses used for the Purposes therein mentioned.

[8th May 1818»]

4 WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the 56 0.3. c»66.

* V V Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for reducing 4 the Dutiespayable on Horses used for the Purposes therein mentioned,

* for Two Tears, and for repealing the ASs granting Allowances in 4 refpeS of Children, certain Duties of AffeffedTaxes were difcon-4 tinued and suspended, and other Duties substituted in lieu thereof,

4 for the Term of Two Years next after the Fifth Day of April One 4 thousand eight hundred and sixteen; and it is expedient to continue 4 the same Kates of Duty in the said All mentioned for a further 4 time to be limited : ' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enalied; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and bv the Authority of the same, That the several Duties, and the Duties continued Regulations and Provisions for affefiing, charging, railing, levying, under the Re-

colleftipg guUtious therein

mentioned till April 5, 1819.

In what case Perfom haring Farms of less Annual Value thanjol.whereof Part shall be let, not precluded from Benefit of reduced AfleflT-ment.

Duties now payable on Four Wheel Carriages of a certain Description, and not drawn by Horses, &c. made to cease. New Duties*.

C. 16, 17. 58 GEO. III. A.D.1818.

colle&ing and applying the same, in the said A & mentioned, shall be and the un\e are hereby several ly continued from the Fifth Day of Abril One thousand eight hundred and eighteen until the Fifth Day 01 Abril One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

' II. And Whereas by the said recited Act, Persons occupying 1 Farm8, whether as Owners or Tenants, are not entitled to be aifeffed

* at the reduced Rates of Duty therein mentioned, unless they re-

* spectively make their Livelihood solely by such Occupation; with

* a Proviio, that in certain Cases an Annual Income not exceeding 1 Ten Pounds Sterling, arising from any other Source than therein

< mentioned, shall not preclude any Occupier of Lands therein de-' scribed from the benefit of such reduced Affeflmeut: And Whereas

< it is expedient that in small Farms of the Value and Description 1 hereinafter mentioned, the respective Owners or Tenants thereof

* should not be precluded from the benefit of the reduced Assessment

* provided by the said AdBe it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, where any Person having or being possessed of or entitled unto any Farm of Lands which, eftiraated according to the said Act, shall in the whole be of less Annual Value than Fifty Pounds Sterling, whereof a Part shall be let or underlet by him or her, nothing in the said Act contained shall be construed to preclude such Person from'the benefit of the reduced Afiefiment in the said Act provided in 1 jnefped of the Lands in his or her Occupation, by reason that he or she shall have an Income from the Lands lb let or underlet, he or she making his or her Livelihood wholly from the said Farm or Lands

so occupied, let or underlet by him or her as aforesaid, and not from any other Source, and which shall together not exceed the Value of Fifty Pounds per Annum, estimated as aforesaid.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for charging certain Duties on Four wheeled Carriages constructed and drawn in the manner therein described.

[8th May 1818.]

< TT 7 HE REAS it is expedient to reduce the Duties payable on

* W Four Wheel Carnages constructed and drawn in manner

* herein mentionedBe it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, the Duties impoied on Four Wheel Carriages of the Description herein mentioned, and not drawn byfany Horses, Mares or Geldings, or Mules, shall cease and determine; and that from and after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, there shall be lubftituted, charged and paid to His Mjaefty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, the Rates and Duties following; videlicet.

For every Carriage having Four Wheels of less Diameter than Thirty Inches each, which in every respect shall be built, constructed, marked and described as a Taxed Cart according to the Regulations prescribed by Law for Taxed Carts, except as to the Number of Wheels as before mentioned, and which shall be drawn by any One Poney or Mule not exceeding Twelve Hands in Height, or by an Ox

or

AJX1818.

. 58° GEO. III.

C.17.

27

or Afs, and of which Carriage the original Price shall not have exceeded, or the Value shall not at any time exceed, the Sum of Fifteen Pounds Sterling, and which shall not be conftruCted with a Spring or Springs of any Materials whatever, there shall be charged the annual Sum of One Pound and Nine Shillings; and if such Carriage shall be constructed with a Spring or Springs of any Materials whatever, except of Iron, Steel or any other metallic Substance, either wholly or in part, there shall be charged the annual Sum of Two Pounds and Fifteen Shillings:

For every Carriage having Four Wheels of less Diameter than Thirty Inches each, conftruCted, marked or described in any manner different from a Taxed Cart, or contrary to the Regulations pre-fcribed by Law for Taxed Carts, except as to the Number of Wheels as aforesaid, or conftruCted with a Spring or Springs of Iron, Steel or any other metallic Substance, or which shall be drawn by any Two or more Ponies or Mules not exceeding Twelve Hands in Height, or Oxen or Asses as aforesaid, of which Carriage the original Price shall have exceeded, qjr the Value thereof shall at any time exceed, the Sam of Fifteen Pounds Sterling, there shall be charged the respective Sums payable by Law on Carriages with less than Four Wheels, and according to the Number of Beads used in drawing the said Carriages with Four such Wheels as aforesaid, and the additional Body or Bodies successively nfed on the same Carriage or Number of Wheels ;

Provided, that for every such Carriage with Four Wheels not conftruCted according to the Directions of this Act, or conftruCted according to the said Directions, but drawn in any manner contrary to the said Directions, there shall be charged the respective Sums payable by Law on Carriages with Four Wheels.

II. And be it further enacted. That the several Duties on Carriages herein mentioned shall be assessect, railed, levied, paid and accounted for under the Provi(ions and Regulations of the several ACta in force at and immediately before the pafiing of this Act, in relation to the Duties of Assessed Taxes, and this Act shall be construed in such manner and to the like EffeCt in all refpeCts as if the said Duties on Carriages were expressly directed to be charged, under and fubieCt to the several Provisions, Exemptions and Penalties in the said Acts contained, and as if the said several Provisions, Exemptions and Penalties were expressly enacted in this Act; and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, matters and things contained in such Acts respectively, so far as the same are respectively applicable to the Duties on Carriages mentioned in this Act, shall (everally and re-fpeCtively, in the Execution of this Act, be duly observed, praCtifed and put in Execution throughout Great Brstatnf as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, matters and things were particularly and respectively repeated and re-enaCted in the Body of this Act, and shall several ly be applied, construed, deemed and taken to belong to this Act, in like manner as if the same had been enacted herein, and expressly applied to the said Duties on Carriages herein mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Duties hereby imposed, or by the Duties hereby confoli dated

(the

Doties to be*levied and paid a* by former A&».

Duties carried Co

Coofolidated

Fund.

C. I?, 18, 19.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

Alt may be altered, &c. this Session.

Additional Duty of 3*. 6d. per Pound Weight.

To be levied as any Duty of Customsin Ireland.

Act may be upended, altered or repealed ibis Session.

47 G. 3. SelT. 2, c. 38.

49 O. 3. c. 49*

(the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted), shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, in One Sum, to the Account of Assessed Taxes, and shall be carried to and be made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland* IV. And be it further enatled, That this Act or any of the Pro-visions thereof may be altered, varied or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

cap. xvm.

An Act to charge an additional Duty on Corks ready made, imported into Ireland. [8th May 1818.]

< "ITT HE REAS it is expedient that an additional Duty of Customs

* W should be imposed on all Corks ready made, imported into

* Ireland; ' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Moit Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aflembied, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act there shall be railed, levied, collected and paid, unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon all Corks ready made, imported into Ireland, an additional Duty of Customs of Three Shillings and Sixpence British Currency for every Pound Weight.

* II. And be it further enacted, That the additional Duty of Customs hereby imposed shall be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered and applied in such and the like manner as any Duties of Customs in Ireland of the like Nature are managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, paid, recovered and applied.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XIX.

An Act to allow for Three Years, and until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, the Importation into Ports specially appointed by His Majesty, within the Provinces of Nova Scotia and New Brttnfwicky of the Articles therein enumerated, and the Re-exportation thereof from such Ports. [8th May 1818.]

4 YT THERE AS by an Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of 4 VV His Majesty's Reign, intituled An A3 for permitting, until 4 the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, 4 and from thence to the End of the then next Scfjton of Parliament 4 the Importation of certain enumerated Articlee into the British Co* 4 Ionics on the Continent of North America, from the United States 4 of America, and the Exhortation of other enumerated Articles from 4 the same Colonies to the said States; which said Act was continued 4 and extended by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His 4 Majesty's Reign, intituled An A3 to authorize His Majesty to per-4 mit9 until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred 4 and twelve, any Goods and Commodities to he imported into and ex-4 portedfrom Nova Scotia and New Brunswick in any Ship or Vessel

4 whatsoever :

58 GEO. III.

C. 19.

29

* wbatfocvcr; which last mentioned Act was continued by an Act

* patied in the Fifty second Year of His Majesty *s Reign; fundry

**Articles were allowed to be imported into and exported from cer-

1 4 tain Ports in His Majesty's Colonies of Nova Scotia and New

4 Brunswick from and to certain Foreign Ports, which Acts have t 4 now expired s And Whereas great Advantage resulted to the said

4 Colonies from the Facilities given to the Trade thereof by the said

4 Acts: And Whereas it is expedient to grant similar Facilities at 4 the present timeBe it therefore enadledby The King's Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal* and Commons* in this present Parliament

, assembled, and by the Authority of the same* That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful* in any Briti/b built Ship or Vessel owned and navigated according to Law* or 1 in any Ship or Vessel belonging to the Subjects of any Sovereign or State in Amity with His Majesty, to import into such Ports as shall be specially appointed for that Purpose by His Majesty* within the Province of Nova Scotia or New Brunswick, the following Articles; videlicet, Scantling* Planks* Staves* Heading Boards* Shingles*

| Hoops, Horses, Neat Cattle* Sheep* Hogs* Poultry* or Live Stock* of any Sort, Bread* Biscuit* Flour* Peas, Beans* Potatoes* Wheat*

1 Rice* Oats, Barley or Grain of any Sort, Pitch, Tar, Turpentine*

! Fruits* Seeds and Tobacco.

II. Provided always* and be it further enacted* That none of the aforesaid Articles shall be imported into the said Ports so to be specially appointed, in Foreign Vefleis, unless the said Articles shall be of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of the Country to which the Vessels importing the same shall belong.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to re-export any of the said Articles either to the United Kingdom* or to any other of Hk Majesty's Possessions, in any Briti/b built Ship or Vessel owned and navigated according to Law.

IV* And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful in any Briti/b Ship or Vessel* or in any Ship or Vessel belonging to the Subjects of any Sovereign or State in Amity with His Majesty* to export from the said Ports so' to be appointed for that Purpose* Gypsum* Grindftooes* or other Produce or Manufacture of the said Provinces* and also any Produce or Manufacture of the United Kingdom, or of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in the IVcJl Indiet*or any Goods whatever which shall have been legally imported into the said Provinces; any thing in any Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted* That none of the aforesaid Articles shall be exported from the said Ports so to be appointed* to any Foreign Country or Place* in any Foreign Vessel* unless such Foreign Vessel shall belong to the Country to which the stud Articles shall be exported.

VI* And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty* by and with the Advice of His Privy Council* to make such Rules and Regulations for the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Commodities as aforesaid at the said Ports* with such Penalties and Forfeitures for the Breach thereof* as shall seem fit and necessary to His Majesty, by and with the Advice aforesaid.

VII, And be it further enacted, That tills Act shall continue in k** force

Importation of certain Articles to Nova Scotia or New Brunswick allowed.

Proviso as to Importation io foreign Vessels.

Re-exportation in British Vef-fels, permitted.

Produce of the said Province* and Goods imported may be exported.

Proviso at to such Exportation in Foreign Vessels.

Regulations for Importation and Exportation may be made by The King in Council.

Continuance of this Act.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818,

C.

19, 20.

force during the Space of Three Years from and after the paffing* of the same, and until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament.

li Atm. Stat. a. c.15.

16 G.a. c.*5.

30 G. 3. c. 14.

repealed. Commissioners for discovering the Longitude, Sc c. appointed.

CAP. XX.

An Act for more effectually discovering the Longitude at Sea» and encouraging Attempts to find a Northern Passage between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans, and to approach the Northern Pole. [8th May 1818.]

WHEREAS by an A a passed in the Twelfth Year of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for providing a 4 Public Reward for such Person or Persons as /ball discover the 4 Longitude at Sea, it was enacted, that Persons holding certain Public 4 Offices therein stated, for the time being, and certain other Persons therein mentioned by Name, should be Commissioners for the Dif-4 covery of the Longitude at Sea, and for examining, trying and 4 judging of all Proposals, Experiments and Improvements mating*to the same 2 And Whereas another A A was passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second,

4 for rendering more effectual the last recited Act: And Whereas by 4 another Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present 4 Majesty, intituled An A3for continuing the Encouragement and Re*

4 ward of Persons.making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude 4 at Sea, or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Na-* vigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto, and for adding 1 a Commissioner to execute the several Acts for the DiJcovery of the 4 Longitude at Sea9 Persons holding certain other Offices, therein enu-4 merated, for the time being, were added to and joined with the Com-4 missioners appointed by the said first mentioned Act: And Whereas 4 all the Persons mentioned by Name in the said first recited Act are 4 long since deceased: And Whereas by reason of the Residence at 4 the Universities of certain Professors who are constituted Members 4 of the Board of Commissioners aforesaid, and by there not being a 4 Power of electing into the said Board any Persons but the said 4 official Commissioners and the said Professors, it often happens that 4 there are no Persons, particularly versed in the Sciences of the Ma*

4 thematics and Astronomy, resident in London, and belonging to the 4 said Board; and that divers Persons of great Skill and Ability, whose 4 Services would be most beneficial to the Objects of the said Board,

4 are by the said Constitution of the Board excluded therefrom ; * Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice andConfent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted. That from and after the passing of this Act, the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the First Commissioner for executing 'the said Office, the Lord High Admiral or First Commissioner for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland^ and such other Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland as may be Flag Officers in His Majesty** Fleet, the

Speaker

A. D. 1818.

58° GEO* III.

C. 20.

31

Speaker of the House of Commons, the Preiident of the Committee i of Council for Trade and Plantations, the Governor of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, the Secretaries of the Treasury, the Secretaries of the Admiralty, the Comptroller of the Navy, the Preiident and Three t Fellows of the Royal Society, the Royal Astronomer at Greenwich, the Savilian, Lucasian, Plumian, and Lownd'tan Profeffora of the Mathematics and Astronomy at the Uaiverities of Oxford and Cambridge, the Observer at the Radcliffe Observatory at Oxford, all now and for the Time being, and Three other Persons well versed in the Sciences of Mathematics, Astronomy or Navigation, to be annually felected, chosen and named, as hereinafter provided, shall be Commissioners for discovering the Longitude at Sea, and for examining, trying and, judging ail Proposals, Experiments and Improvements, relating to-i the lame, and for rewarding Persons making useful Discoveries and, Improvements in or connected with Navigation,

, III* And be it further enacted, ! That the Three Members of the Names of the Royal Society, so to be Commissioners, shall be the Right Honour- Three Members

. able Charlu Lord Colchejter, Davie* Gilbert Esquire, and Colonel of the Royal

. William Mudge; and that in the Event of any Vacancy by Death, ^, ety*PPoil, led

, Resignation or Refusal to a d of any of the said Three Persons, or of Hew Vacancies

, any Person hereafter chosen to succeed them, such Vacancy shall be of such Three

i filled up by the Choice and Election of the Preiident and Council of Perfoos filled

' the Royal Society; and that the said Three other Commissioners shall. JP-

; be Doctor William Hyde Wollafion, and Doctor Thomas Young, and - ^hr^

, Captain Henry Kater, who shall continue Commissioners until the First' Commissioner*.

I Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, after which Regulation* ai to

! time the Three Persons to be the said last mentioned Commissioners Choice of fudi

shall be annually, or as often as a Vacancy by Death, Resignation or Three after ift'Refusal to ad may occur, felected, chosen and named by the Lord Januarrl8aa High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, and shall be Persons well versed in the Sciences of the Mathematics, Astronomy or Navigation, and shall be generally refi-dent in or near the City of London, and capable of attending at the Board of Commissioners, and of assisting in the Objects herein in-trufted to the said Board*

4 IV. And Whereas by the said recited Act, and by divers.other All Acts confer-

4 Acts palTed from time to time, and all founded upon and referring ring any Duty or

4 to the said first recited Act, divers Duties and Authorities were im- £ower2?tbe 4 posed and conferred upon the Commissioners constituted by the said* conaitu^bT 4 recited Acts, and divers Sums of Money for various Purposes, and recited Alls,

4 under different Conditions, were from time to time granted and repealed.

4 provided to be employed and expended towards the Discovery of 4 the Longitude at Sea, and for divers Purposes in such Acts men-4 tioned, and for Rewards to such Persons as should ascertain the 4 Longitude within certain Limits and Conditions therein fperified ;

4 and for enabling the said Commissioners to cause a Survey to be made 4 of the Shores of Great Britain and Ireland, and ascertaining the 4 Latitude and Longitude of the Capes, Promontories, and Headlands 4 thereof: And Whereas some of the Provisionsof the said Acts have 4 been repealed, and others thereof have expired; and it is expedient 4 wholly to repeal the same, for the Purpose of reenading and confer-' ring upon the new Commissioners such of the Powers, Authorities*ana Duties at present veiled in the old Commissioners, as are fit to.

4 be

C. 20.

58" GEO. III.

A.D. 181

CommHfioners may propafe Three Scales of 'Reward to Per-lons ifcertaioing the Longitude by any Principle not already made public.

If Propofalbe approved by His Majesty in Council, Com-

missionen may pay the proportionate Reward.

Commifiionerf may expend ioooL a Year in making Experiments, 5c c.

And a like Sum in afccrtaining the Latitude and Longitude of Pisces.

4 be continued in ForceBe it therefore enacted, That all and every Act, conferring any Duty, Authority or Power on the Commissioners constituted by the said first recited Acts, shall be and are hereby repealed.

; 4 V. And Whereas the Longitude hath been ascertained withm

* certain of the Limits and Conditions Specified in the said Acts: 4 And Whereas certain other of the Limits and Conditions (HH 4 subsisting are considered as impracticable, and have never been tried r 4 And Whereas it may conduce to the Advancement of Science, and 4 to the Honour and Interests of this Country, that fit and propor-4 tionate Rewards should he provided for Persons who shall afcertain

* the Longitude within certain new Limits and Conditions: And 4 Whereas it is expedient that such Limits and Conditions should not 4 he immutably fixed by Act of Parliament, but should he regulated 4 on scientific Principles by the said Commissioners for the Dilcovery 4 of the Longitude, and should he varied from time to time accordk 4 ing to the Progress of Discoveries and the Advancement of 4 Science Be it enacted. That the said lad mentioned Commissioners shall from time to time, as they mav fee proper, propose, by their Memorial to His Majesty in Council, to direct and establish Three Scales of proportionate Rewards to be paid to any Person or Persons who shall by any Principle not already made public, ascertain the Longitude within Three corresponding Scales of Limit and Condition, such Rewards not exceeding the respective Sums of Five thousand Pounds, Seven thousand five hundred Pounds, and Ten thousand Pounds; and if His Majesty in Council shall be pleased to sanction and approve such Proposal, then that the same shall he pub-li(hed in the London Gazette, and that the said Commissioners shall have full Power and Authority to inquire into and examine all Pro-pofals which may he made for finding the Longitude; and if on reasonahle Experiment, to be judged of and certified by the said Commissioners, it shall be found that the Longitude hath been ascertained within any of the said Three Scales of Limit and Condition, agreeably to the said Order in Council, it shall be lawful to them to* pay or cause to he paid the proportionate Reward alfigned to the Scale within which such Discovery or Experiment shall have ascertained the Longitude.

4 VI. And Whereas it is expedient that the said Commissioners 4 should he enabled to expend certain Sums towards making Experi-4 ments of Instruments, Modes or Proposals, and for making and 4 publiftiing Observations, Calculations and Tables for ascertaining , 4 the Longitude, or towards improving or corredting such as may 4 have been already made, or for other Purposes useful to Naviga-4 tion ; * Be it enacted, That they may pay or expend any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding One thousand Pounds in any one Year, towards the making, correcting or publiftiing any such Experiments, Modes, Observations, Calculations or Tables.

4 VII. And Whereas it is expedient that the said Commissioners 4 should he enabled to cause to he ascertained, as accurately as may 4 be, the Latitude and Longitude of Places whereof the exact Situ-4 ation hath not been already sufficiently ascertained Be it enacted, That they may expend or cause to he expended any Sum not exceeding in the whole One thousand Pounds in any one Year for such Purpose.

4 VIII. And

A.D. 1918.

58' GEO. III.

C. 20.

S3

4 VIII. And Whereas it may happen that Propofols, Inventions Rewirdt m»y be, « and Tables, or Corredions and Amendments of former Propofols, J^owed toPer-« Inventions or Tables, ingenious in themselves and useful to Science, ia"

4 and which may deserve Encouragement, though they do not come formei inven-4 within the Limits and Conditions specified for the before mentioned tioni*

4 Rewards, may be made to the said Commissioners; and it is expedient 4 that they {hould be enabled to bellow such moderate Rewards upon 4 the Person or Persons who may have made such Proposal, Inven-4 tion or Correction Be it therefore enacted, That the foid Commissioners may pay or cause to be paid such Sum, not exceeding Five hundred Pounds, to any one Person for any one Proposal or Invention, or Two thousand Pounds in one Year, as they may consider the foid Propofols, Inventions, Tables or Corredions to deserve.

4 IX. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Eighteenth Year of ifo, 2. c. 17.

4 His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for 4 giving a public Reward to such Person or Persons, being His 4 MajcJly's SubjeQ or SubjeQs, as shall discover a North west Passage 4 through Hudson's Streights to the Western and Southern Oceans 4 of America, a Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds was provided for 4 the Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel which should first find 4 out and fail through such Passage; and the Persons holding certain 4 Offices therein named, for the time being, were appointed Comxxpf-4 doners for the said Discovery: And Whereas by an Act passed in*G *

4 the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled C'

4 An Act for giving a public Reward to such Person or Persons, being 4 His Majesty's Sutjcd or SubjeQs, asshall discover a Northern Padage 4 for Vdfcls by Sea between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans, and aljfb 4 unto fich as /hall jirjl approach by Sea within One Degree of the 4 Northern Pole; the Reward in the last recited Act was extended 4 to the Commander or Commanders, Officers and Seamen, of any 4 of His Majesty's Ships or Velfels, and to the Owner or Owners 4 of any private Ship or Vessel which Should find out and fail through 4 any Patfoge by Sea between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans, in any 4 Direction or Parallel of the Northern Hemisphere to the Nortn 4 of the Fifty second Degree of North Latitude 5 and further assign-4 ing a Reward of Five thousand Pounds to the Commander or 4 Commanders, Officers and Seamen, of any of His Majesty's Ships 4 or Vessels, or the Owner or Owners of any private Snip or Vessel 4 which should first approach within One Degree of the Northern 4 Pole; and appointing the Commissioners of the Longitude to be 4 Commissioners for executing this last recited Act 2 And Whereas 4 many Advantages, both to Commerce and Science, may be expected 4 from'granting such proportionate Rewards as well to such Person 4 or Persons as may accomplish the Objects of the said Two last 4 mentioned Acts, a9 to such other Person or Persons as may ap-4 proach thereto within certain Limits or Conditions: And Whereas 4 it is expedient that the Regulation of such Limits and Conditions,

4 and the Decision, whether and how far such Object may have been 4 accomplished, should be confided to the Commissioners for the Dif-4 covery of the Longitude at Sea appointed by this Act ; * Be it therefore euacted, That the said Two last recited Acts shall be and repealed, they are hereby repealed.

X. And be it further enacted. That if any Ship or Ships, Vessel Reward for first or Vessels, belonging to any of His Majesty's Subjects, or to His find'n* , nd k'1* 58GBO. III. D Majesty,

84

C. 20.

58* GEO. lit

A.D.1818-

ing through any Passage between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans.

Reward for first approaching within One Degree of the Northern Pole.

Commissioners on San&ion of The King in Council may reward Attempts to approach the same.

Proceedings for afcerttinliig the Discoverers of such Northern Pastage, and firs Approachert to the Northern Pole.

Majesty, shall first find out and fail through anj Passage by Sea, between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans, in any Direction or Parallel of the Northern Hemisphere, the Owner or Owners of such Ship or* Ships, Vessel or Vessels, if belonging to any of His Majesty's Subjects, or the Commander or Commanders, Officers, Seamen, and Marines of such Ships or Vessels, if belonging to His Majesty, so first finding out and failing through such Passage shall receive a Reward for facia Discovery, of the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds.

XI. And Whereas Ships employed both in the Spitsbergen Seats

* and in Davis*a Streights may have Opportunities of approaching c the North Pole: And Whereas Approaches towards the Northern*

1 Pole may tend greatly to the Discovery of a Communication between

* the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans, as well as may be attended with

* many Advantages to Commerce and Science; * Be it therefore enacted, That if any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, shall approach within One Degree of the Northern Pole, the Owner of such Ship or Vessel, Ships or Vessels, if belonging to any of His Majesty's Subjects, or the Commander or Commanders, Officers, Seamen and Marines of any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, if belonging to Hia Majesty, so first approaching within One Degree of the Northern Pole, shall be entitled to receive a Reward of Five thousand Pounds*

XII. And for the Encouragement of Persons who may attempt the said Pastage, or approach to the Northern Pole, but not wholly accomplifti the same; be it enacted. That the said Commissioners for dilcovering the Longitude at Sea may, by their Memorial, pro-pofe to His Majesty in Council to direct and establish proportionate Rewards to be paid to such Person as aforesaid who mall first have accomplished certain Proportions of the said Passage or Approach; and if His Majesty in Council shall be pleased to sanction and approve the said Proposal, then that the same shall be publi filed in the London Gazette; and any Person or Persons accompli filing such Passages, or the specified Proportions of them, shall be entitled, on the Award of the said Commissioners, to receive such total or proportionate Sums as may have been offered for the Object which he or they may have then accompli (hed.

1 XIII. And in order to ascertain who are the first Discoverers of

* the said Northern Passage into the Pacific Ocean, and who are the < first Appfoachers to within One Degree of the Northern Pole, and 1 to whom either the whole Rewards or the proportionate Rewards

* by this Act respectively given do belong ; * Be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude by Sea be authorized and empowered to call for the refpe6hve Journal or journals, Book or Books and Papers, kept on board the refpe£tive Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, of the Claimant or Claimants ref-pe&ively; and also to examine upon Oath all such Persons as they the said Commissioners shall think proper, with regard to any Claim or Claims, as well any Person or Persons produced by the respective Claimant or Claimants, or any other Person or Persons who may seem capable of giving any Information; which Oath the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and required to administer; and the said Commissioners being fully satisfied, upon such Examination and Proof, that such Northern Passage is effectually discovered and failed through, or that such Approach within One Degree of the Northern Pole, or any specified Proportion of the said Passage or Approach,

*A.-ll

A.D.1818.

68* GEO. IIL

C. 20,

38

shall hate been made and accompliftied, they are hereby authorised to pay or cause to -be paid the said Rewards, or such Proportion of them as the Claimant or Claimants may under this AA, or under such Order in Council, be entitled to receive.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Rew*rdseW*sd said Rewards, or either of them, shall be claimed by and adjudged

to the Commander or Commanders, Officers, Seamen and Marines of ghie" how 1011 any Ship or Ships, VelTel or Veffela, belonging to His Majesty, the attributed, same shall be disposed in favour of and distributed among such Commander or Commanders, Officers, Seamen end Marines, in such Proportions as shall be direAed by His Majesty in Council, and ia do other manner.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Executors, Admini- Executors, *e. ftratort and Assigns of anyPerson or Persons to whom any Sum m*Yreceive tlio whatsoever shall be awarded by the Commissioners for the Discovery R#ward*

of the Longitude, shall be entitled to receive the same in the Event of the Death of such Person or Persons.

* XVI. And Whereas the Publication of the Nautical Almanack,

4 conftruAed by proper Persons, under the Directions of the said 4 Commissioners. for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea, is of 4 great Importance to the Safety of Ships and Persons, and highly 4 conducive to the general Interests of Commerce and Navigation Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Commissioom the said Commissioners to cause such Nautical Almanacks or other may cause Niu-ufeful Tables to be conftruAed, and to print, publifti and vend, or t, cal cause to be printed publiftied and vended, any Nautical Almanack ffj or Almanacks, or other useful Table or Tables, which they shall *** from time to time judge necessary and useful, in order to facilitate the Method of discovering the Longitude at Sea; any Law, Statute, exclusive Privilege, private Charter or other Custom to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XVII. And be.h enacted, That no Person or Persons shall print, Unauthorised publifti or vend, or cause to be printed, publiftied or vended, any Perlbns publifh-Nautkal Almanack or Almanacks, or other Table or Tables, con- Nautical ftruAed under the DireAion of the said Commissioners, without being manac ** c* first licensed by the said Commissioners; and if any Person or Persons

not so licensed, or not being authorized by the Person or Persons ib licensed by the said Commissioners, shall print, publifti or vend, or cause to be printed, publiftied or vended, any such Almanack or Almanacks, or other Table or Tables, every such Person or Perfect shall, for every Copy of such Nautical Almanack or Table so printed, publiftied or vended, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to p9Dalty aoh be recovered by AAion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at WcRminJUr; and that One Moiety of such Penalty and Forfeiture (hafl be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall prosecute, inform and sue for the same.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Penalty or For- Peiultles to be

feiture shall be sued, informed and prosecuted for by the Secretary sued for 8** of the said Commissioners of the Longitude for the time being, or by autbo-

fome other Person or Persons authorized by the said Commissioners, rjxed by Coo»> and (halLnot be sued, informed or prosecuted for by any other Person mtffienen of or Persons whomsoever; and that such Suits, Prosecutions and la* Jboogkwft. formations shall not abate by reason of the Death of such Frofccutors

D2 or

C. 20.

58* GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

Nautical Almanack not liable to Stamp Duties.

Salary to Three of the Commit-fioners.

Secretary, Su-perinteodant of publishing Nautical Almanack, and Regulator, See. of Timekeepers, to be appointed.

Tenure of Office and Salary of Secretary.

The said Three Duties may be divided.

Salaries to be included in the ordinary Bfti-noate of the Navy.

Prorifo for Half Pay.

Eftimareof Expence to be prepared by Com-m iffi oners, 8tc.

or any of them, but shall be continued in the case of a foie Plaintiff or Informer dying before Judgment obtained, in the Name of the Secretary or the said Commissioners for the time being.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no such Nautical Almanack or Almanacks, so published under the Directions of the said Commissioners, shall be subject or liable to any Stamp Duty what soever.

XX. And be it further enacted, That there shall be annually paid to each of the Three last named Commissioners and their Successors, to be annually named according to the Provisions of this Act, such annual Sum as His Majesty by any Order in Council shall be pleased to direct.

4 XXI. And-Whereas it is necessary to continue the Appointment

* of a Secretary to the Board of Commissioners for discovering the 4 Longitudes And Whereas it is highly expedient to the Interest of 4 Navigation, and the Honour of this Country, that the said Nautical

* Almanack {hould be accurately computed, compared and published, 4 and that the Method of finding the Longitude. by Timekeepers 4 should also be encouraged, and that the Timekeeoers belonging to 4 His Majesty for the use of his Ships of War mould be carefully 4 examined and regulatedBe it further enacted, That some Perfoa of competent Skill and Ability shall be nominated and appointed by the Lord High Admiral or Commissioners of the Admiralty to be Secretary to the said Board of Commissioners, and for superintending, under the Directions of the Board in general, and the Astronomer Royal in particular, the due and correct Publication of the Nautical Almanack, and for taking care of and regulating such Timekeepers as may be entrusted to his Care by the Lord High Admiral or Commissioners of the Admiralty.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Secretary shall hold his said Office during the Pleasure of the Lord High Admiral or Commissioners of the Admiralty; and for his Trouble and Pains therein he shall receive such annual Salary as His Majesty by any Order in Council may please to direct; but if it shall so happen that a Person shall not be found competent to execute the Three several Duties of Secretary to the said Board, and of superintending the Publication of the Nautical Almanack, and the Care and Regulation of Timekeepers, it shall be lawful to the said Commissioners to propose to His Majesty in Council to divide the said Duties, and assign them to several Persons, and to apportion to each Person such Part of the Salary establifiied for the Performance of the united Duties as may Teem to them fit and proportionate to the several Duty or Duties to be performed by such Person.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Salaries to the Three annual Commissioners, and the said Secretary or Persons performing the last mentioned Duties, shall be annually placed on the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Receipt of any Salary

or Reward under this Act shall prevent any Officer entitled to any Military or Naval Half Pay from receiving such Half Pay in Addition to any such Salary or Reward.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for discovering the Longitude at Sea shall, at the beginning of every Year, make an Estimate of the Sum or Sums which they shall deem to be necessary for executing the Purposes of this Act in such Year, which

Estimate

58° GEO. III.

C. 20«

*7

Estimate shall be transmitted to the Secretary of the Admiralty, and on being approved or amended by the Lord High Admiral or Commif-fioner8 of the Admiralty, shall be placed on the Ordinary E dim ate of the Navy.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That any Sum or Sums of ModsofPsy-Money to be paid under the Authority of this A a shall be paid, upon m?Dt of Monies Certificates under the Hands and Seals of the Commissioners for the 1*^ Au-I>ifcovery of the Longitude at Sea, to the Commissioners of the Navy 1 omy for the time being; and the Commissioners of the Navy shall forthwith make out a Bill or Bills for the Sum or Sums contained in such Certificate or Certificates, payable by the Treasurer of the Navy, and such Sum or Sums of Money the said Treasurer of the Navy is hereby required to pay immediately to the Person or Persons mentioned in the said Certificate or Certificates, out of any Money which shall be in his Ctrtificatv. Hands unapplied for the Use of the Navy: Provided always that all such Sums of Money as shall exceed the Sum of Five thousand Pounds shall be certified under the Hands and Seals of Two thirds at lead of the said Commissioners, and all such Sums as shall exceed the Sum of One thousand Pounds shall be certified under the Hands and Seals of the major Part of them, and that all such Sums as shall not exceed One thousand Pounds shall be certified under the Hands and Seals of any Five or more of them; such Certificates being in every Case whatsoever signed by One at lead of the following Commissioners; that is to say, the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great-Britain and Ireland, or the Fird Commifiioner of the Treasury, the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or Fird Commifiioner of the Admiralty, the Secretaries of the Treasury, and the Secretaries of the Admiralty.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in any other refpe&s- Quorum of where any Power or Authority is veded in the Commissioners under Commissiootrs. this Act, the same may be exercised by any Five or more Commissioners at the Board assembled, in as full and ample a manner as if the

whole Commissioners were then and there present: Provided always, what Commif-that at every such Board one of the following Commifiibners at the fionen in parti-leaft shall be present; that is to say, the lflrft or one other of the "Jjf m Commissioners, or One of the Secretaries of the Admiralty; and that P01, also Three other of the following Commissioners at the lead shall be' present, that is to say, the President of the Royal Society, the Aftro-nomer Royal, the Profefiors and Observer at the Two Universities, and the Three Commissioners annually elected and receiving Salaries as aforesaid.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be held at Meetings of lead Four dated Meetings of the said Commissioners within every Year, Commissioner*. to be held on such Days as His Majesty by any Order in Council may

appoint, and such other Meetings as from time to time may be necef-fary j of all of which Meetings due Notice shall be given to the said Commissioners respectively.

D $. CAP#

38

C. 21

38" OEO. III.

A.D.1818.

So moth of 49O.3-c.6j. ma vai continued by subsequent Asti revived and further con. tinued dll July 5, 1819.

51 O.3. c.69. revived, and fur. th«r continued tQl July 5, 18x9.

CAP. XXI.

An Act to revive and continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, several Laws relating to the Duties on Glaf9 made in Great Britain; and to prohibit the making of Sma)t9 within a certain Distance of any other Glass House, or by the Maker of any other Kind of Glass.

[8th May 1818.3

' WHEREAS it is expedient that the Laws hereinafter mes-' VV tioned should be revived and further continuedBe it there-fore enacted by The King's Moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aiTembled, and by the Authority of die same. That so much of an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing tin Duties on the Materials used in making Spread Window Glass and Crown Glass, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof} and for the better ColleSion of the said Duties; as was by another Act made in the Fifty first Year of the Reign aforesaid continued until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twelve $ and by another Act made in the Fifty second Year of the Reign*aforesaid further continued to the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirteen; and by another Act made in the Fifty third Year of the Reign aforesaid further continued to the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fourteen; and by anotner Ad made in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign aforesaid further continued to the First Day of Augu/l One thousand eight hundred and fifteen j and by another Act made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign aforesaid revived from the said First Day of Augu/l One thoufond eight hundred and fisteen, and further continued to the Twenty fifth Day of Marsh One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, shall be and the same is hereby revived and further continued, and shall be, remain and continue in force from the said Twenty fifth Day of Marsh One thousand eight hundred and eighteen until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; and that all and singular the Duties thereby imposed and made payable shall, from the foid Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen until the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, be payable, and be railed, levied, collected and paid, aa directed in and by the said first recited Act so heretofore continued as aforesaid, as if the same had never expired.

II. And be it further ena61ed, That ah Act made in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled Aa AS for ta* pealing the Duty on the Materials used in making Flint and Phial Glass, and for granting, until the First Day of August One thoujbnd eight hundred and twelve, other Duties in lieu thereof; and for con» tinning and amending an AS faffed in the Forty ninth Tear of His Myefly's Reign, intituled An Act for repealing the Duties on the ' Materials used in making Spread Ivindow Glass and Crown Gla/sf*and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof % and for the better Col-4 leSion of the said Duties which was by an Act made in the Fifty second Year of the Reign aforesaid continued until the First Day of

14 August

58* GEO. III.

39

C. 21, 22.

jturuft One thousand eight hundred and thirteen9and by another Act made in the Fifty third Year of the Reign aforesaid further con* turned until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fourteen $ and by another Act made in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign aforesaid further continued until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen9and by another Act made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign aforesaid, revived from the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, and further continued to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen; shall be and the same is hereby revived and further continued, and shall be, remain and.continue in force from the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eigrht hundred au»t eighteen until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen9and that all and fingolar the Duties thereby irapofed and made payable shall, from the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, until the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, be payable, and he raised, levied* collected and paid, as directed in and by the said Act, as if the same had never expired.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the pafiing of this Act, no Person or Persons whatsoever, shall make, manufacture or keep, or ere6t, fet up, enter or make use of any House or Place whatsoever in Great Britain for the making, manutafturing or keeping of a certain Glass called Smalts within the Distance of One MUe in a direfit Line from any House or Place which shall be entered or ofed for the making, manufafituring or keeping of any other Glass9nor shall any Person or Persons whatsoever make, manufafiture or keep, or erefit, fet up, eater or use any House or Place whatsoever in Great Britain for making, manufacturing or keeping any other Glass within the Distance of One Mile in a direfit Line from any House or Place which shall be entered or used for making, manufacturing or keeping the said Glass called Smalts9nor shall any Maker or Manufafiturer of Smalts make or manufafiture any other Kind of Glass, on pain of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; and all and every Entries and Entry of any such House or Place so made use of for the making, manufafituring or keeping of either Smalts or other Glass contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Afit, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

IV. And be it further enasited, That this Afit may be amended, altered or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

cap. xxn.

An Act for fixing the Rates of Subsidence to be paid to Inn* keepers and others on quartering Soldiers. [8th May 181$.]

* WHEREAS by an Afit passed in the present Session of ParHa-

* W ment for pumfhing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better

* Payment of the Army and their Quarters, it is enacted, that Officers

* ana Soldiers shall be fumithed with Diet and Small Beer upon

* paying and allowing for the same the several Rates that are or mall

* be established by any Act or. Acts of Parliament} and an Option

* is given to Innholders and others upon whom Officers and Soldiers

D 4? 'are

Persons having Placet for making or keeping Smalts within the Distance of a Mile from any entered House for keeping other Glass,

Penalty 500I.

AEt may be altered, Sec. this Session.

58* GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

C. 22, 23.

Allowances for the Diet of Non Comtnif-fioned Officers and Soldiers, xs. ad. per Day.

ForHorfes quartered is. per Day to be paid for Hay and Straw.

* are quartered and bflletted, to furnUh certain Articles gratis in Ken

* of Diet and Small Beer; and it is just and expedient that an 1 adequate Allowance shall be made and established for Provision and

* other Articles furnished to Officers and Soldiers: * May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That every Non Commissioned Officer and Private Soldier who shall be furnished with Diet and Small Beer, within those Parts of the United Kingdom specified in the said recited Alt, by the Innholders or other Persons on whom such Non Commissioned Officers or Private Soldiers shall be quartered and billetted by virtue of the said AH, shall pay and allow for the same the Sum of One Shilling and Two pence per Diem; and that for such Allowance of One Shilling and Two pence the Innholder or other Person shall furnish One Meal; videlicet t a hot Dinner, if required, in each Day to each Non Commissioned Officer, Trumpeter, Drummer and Private Soldier quartered and billetted on him, to consist of such Quantities of Diet and Small Beer as have been or shall be specified and fixed in and by any Regulations made or to be made from time to time by His Majesty in that behalf, but not to exceed One Pound and a Quarter of Meat previous td being dressed, One Pound of Bread, One Pound of Potatoes or other Vegetables previous to being cooked, and Two Pints of Small Beer, ana Vinegar, Salt and Pepper; and that the Accounts of the same (hail be rendered, and Payment thereof made, in like manner as is direHed by the said AH.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Sum to be paid to the Innholder or other Person within the aforesaid Parts of the Utiited Kingdom on whom any of the Horses belonging to His Majesty's Forces shall be quartered by virtue of the said AH, for Hay and Straw, shall be One Shilling per Diem.

[Tbit AS it the same at 57 G. 3. c. 78. except at ft Dates and the SeSions that are here retained.]

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions, by the Transfer of certain Three Pounds per Centum Annuities into other Annuities, at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum g and for granting Annuities to discharge certain Exchequer Bills. [8th May 1818.3

* Most Gracious Sovereign,

4 TT7 E, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal SubjeHs, the Com-

* W mons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, 4 in Parliament assembled, being desirous to raise the necessary Sup-

* plies which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this

* Session of Parliament, and being desirous also of making Provision

* to satisfy the principal Sums contained in certain Exchequer Bills ' now outstanding ; * Do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person and

Body

A.D. 1818. 58* GEO. III. C. 23*

Body Politic and Corporate who shall, on or before the Twenty fourth Day of jtpril One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, have fub-fcribed his or their Name or Names in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for the Purpose of converting not less than Two thousand Pounds Capital Stock in the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities, into Annuities at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, shall, upon the Transfer of such Three Pounds per Centum Annuities to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and upon Payment to the Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, at the times hereafter mentioned, of the Sum of Eleven Pounds in Money for every One hundred Pounds of the said Annuities, be entitled to One hundred Pounds in Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings ter Centum per Annum; which Annuities shall be charged upon the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland9 and shall be payable Half Yearly at the Bank of England on the Fifth Day of April and the Tenth Day of OBober in every Year, and shall be transferable in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That the whole of the Money to arise from the Payment of Eleven Pounds on each One hundred Pounds Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Reduced Annuities, subscribed to be transferred as aforesaid, shall not exceed the Sum of Three Millions.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Person and Body Politic and Corporate having subscribed such Annuities, and having transferred Fifteen Pounds per Centum thereof to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, on or before the Fourth Day cf May One thousand eight hundre4 and eighteen, shall transfer or cause to be transferred, on his or their behalf, the remaining Eighty five Pounds per Centum on or before the Twenty seventh Day of November One thousand eight hundred and eighteen; and the Accountant General of the Bank of England, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall grant a Certificate or Certificates in Writing to every Subscriber who shall under the Provisions of this Act transfer any Three Pounds per Centum Annuities to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and which Certificate or Certificates shall be alfignable by Indorsement thereon in the manner and within the time hereinafter mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Person and Body Politic and Corporate having subscribed as aforesaid, and having made a Deposit with the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England (which Cashier or Cashiers is and are hereby appointed the Receiver and Receivers of such Contributions, without any other Warrant to be had in that behalf, ) of One Pound upon every One hundred Pounds Three Pounds per Centum Annuities subscribed to be transferred, shall advance and pay, or cause to be advanced and paid, unto the said Cashier or Cashiers, the several Remainders of the Sums by them respectively subscribed towards the said Sum of Three Millions, at or before the respective Days and times and in the Proportions hereinafter limited and appointed in that behalf; that is to say, the further Sum of One Pound on or before the Nineteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eighteen; the

further

41

Subscribers of not left than aoool. 3 per Cent. Confols or Reduced Annuities, with a Payment of ill. for every XocL Annuities, entitled to iooi. in Annuities at the Rate of 3i P*r Cent, charged upon Confoli-dated Fund.

The Payments of ill. not to exceed 3, 000/3001

Subscriber* having transferred 15L per Cent, to Commissioners of National Debt by May 4,

shall transfer the remaining 85I. per Cent, by Nov. 27, 18x8.

Times of Payment of the said III. perCent.

C. 23.

58° GEO. III.

A. D. 1818.

Allowance for Payment of the whole Money in advance by the 4th Feb. 1819.

Person* making Transfers of the Stock subscribed before certain Periods, entitled to 88L in the Annuities of 3§ per Cent, for every iool. 3L per Cent. Annuities so transferred, to commence at the times herein mentioned.

farther Sam of One Poand on or before the Twenty fourth Day of July then next following; the further Sum of One Pound on or before the Seventh Day of August then next following; the further Sum of One Pound on or before the Fourth Day of September then next following; the further Sum of One Pound on or before the Sixteenth Day of 0 Sober then next .following; the further Sum of One Pound on or before the Thirteenth Day of November then next following; the further Sum of One Pound on or before the Fourth Day of December then next following; the further Sum of One Pound on or before the Fifteenth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; the further Sum of One Pound on or before the Fifth Day of February then next following; and the remaining Sum of One Pound on or before the Fifth Day of March then next following.

V* And be it further enacted, That every Person and Body Politic and Corporate so subscribing and paying the whole of thie Sums of Money by them respectively fubfcnbed, in respect of the said Annuities to be transferred to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt as aforesaid, at any time on or before the Fourth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and nine* teen, shall be entitled to an Allowance of 10 much Money aa the Interest of each Sum so paid in advance for completing his or their Subscription respectively shall amount unto after the Rate of Two Pounds £er Centum per Annum9 to be computed from the Day of completing the same to the Fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; which Allowance is to be paid by the said Cashier or Cashiers out of the Money to be raised in pursuance of this Act, as soon as such respective Subscribers, their Executors, Administrators, Succeflora and Assigns shall have completed such Payments.

VI. And be it further enacted. That every Person and Body Politic and Corporate who shall, on or before the Second Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, have transferred, or have caused to be transferred as aforesaid, to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, the Whole of the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Reduced Annuities fubfcnbed by him or them, shall be entitled to the principal Sum of Eighty eight Pounds in Annuities, at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum for every One hundred Pounds Three Pounds per Centum Annuities so transferred; and such Annuity at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum shall commence from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, and the First Payment of such Annuity to be made on the Tenth Day of OSober One thousand eight hundred and eighteen; and every Person and Body Politic and Corporate who shall, after the Second Day of Junes and on or before the Twenty seventh Day of November One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, have transferred, or have caused to be transferred as aforesaid, to the Account of the said Commissioners, the Whole of the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Reduced Annuities subscribed by him, shall be entitled to the principal Sum of Eighty eight Pounds in Annuities, at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum for every One Hundred Pounds of Three Pounds per Centum Annuities so transferred; such Annuities at the Rate of Three founds Ten Shillings

58<> GEO. HI.

C. 23.

43

per Centum to commence from the Tenth Day of OBober One thou* fend eight hundred and eighteen, and the First Payment of such Annuity to be made on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; and every Person and Body Politic and Coin-por&te who shall, on or before the Fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, have paid to the Chief Cashier or Caihieri or the Governor and Company or the Bank of England the Sum of Eleven Pounds in Money for every One hundred Pounds of Three Pounds per Centum Annuities subscribed by him or them, shall be entitled to the further principal Sum of Twelve Pounds in Annuities, at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum for every Sum of Eleven Pounds so paid; such Annuities to commence from the Fifth Day of April Ope thousand eight hundred and eighteen, and the First Payment of such Annuity to be made on the Tenth Day of OBober One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, if the Payment shall be completed on or before the Seventh Day of that Month, and on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred ind nineteen, if the Payment of the Amount subscribed shall not be completed until after the said Seventh Day of QBoher $ and such An- Annuities ci Unities at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per {** c*°V.not ta Annum shall not be reduced, nor shall the principal Sum of such !£id offSbfT Annuities be paid off, at any time before the Fifth Day of April One April 1819. thousand eight hundred and twenty nine.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every Person and Body Perrons com-Politic and Corporate, having completed the Transfer to the Account pleting their df the Commifnoners for the Reduction of the National Debt of the Transfer of the whole of the Three Pounds ter Centum Consolidated Annuities fub- confoUbf 'e (bribed by him or them, shall be entitled to a Dividend or Interest ^2** en-

at the Rate of Fifteen Shillings for every principal Sum of One titled to e Divi-hundred Pounds in such Three Pounds ter Centum Consolidated dend of 15s. per Annuities which may have been so transferred $ and such Dividend C*nt* or Interest shall be paid at the Bank of England on the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, provided the *hole of the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities fub-fcribed by such Person or Body Politic or Corporate shall be transferred to the said Commissioners on or before the Second Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, or on the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, provided the Provided the #hole of the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities fub- whole of the 3 (bribed by such Person or Body Politic or Corporate shall be trans- »]er Cen*: ftrred to the said Commissioners after the Second Day of June, and aherldJ«me OH Or before the Twenty seventh Day of November One thousand andby*7ih*eight hundred and eighteen; and after Payment of the said Dividend Nov. 1818. or Interect, the whole of the said Consolidated and Reduced Annuities which may be transferred to the said Commissioners, shall be vtspectively cancelled, and the Interest or Dividend* which would have been payable thereon shall from thenceforth respectively cease to be issued from the Receipt of the Exchequer, or to be charged apon the Consolidated Fund; and the Money which would have been applicable to the Payrheht thereof shall remain and be a Part of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. *'

'VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Inwhatctfe and Commissioners for die Reduction of the National Debt, and they are ^SflSoners

hareby

C. 23.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

of National Debt nay purchase per Cent. Annuities.

3} per Cent. Annuity* may be takes by the Commifioners lor the Purchase of Life Annuities;

and ou Transfer thereof converted into 3 per Cents.

How the Life Annuities to be calculated and afcertiined.

Subscribers making Deposit of 1 per Cent, may transfer to Commissionert 15 per Cent. 3 per Cent. Annuities on the Amount of Sub-feription.

The 3* per Cent. Annuities shall, under 57O.3. c.79. be transferable at the Bank of Ireland; and the Persons transferring the same shall be en-

hereby authorized and required, to purchase. the said Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum created by this Act, in the Proportion of at lead One Pound per Centum per Annum on the Capital to be created, whenever the principal Sum of One hundred Pounds of such Annuities can be purchased for less than One hundred Pounds in Money.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, for the Reduction of the National Debt, and they are hereby empowered and required, to accept and receive Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Bank Annuities as the Consiideration for the Purchase of Life Annuities; and for the Purpose of ascertaining the Price of such Stock or Annuities, the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England shall and they are hereby required, on every Day on which any of the said Annuities shall have been bought at the Bank of England, to cause an Account to be made out of the Average Price thereof, according to the Regulations pre-feribed by any Act or Acts now in force for ascertaining the Average Price of Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, for enabling the Purchase of Life Annuities; which said Account shall be transmitted to the Officer appointed by the said Commissioners, to enable him to ascertain the relpedive Amounts of the like Annuities which may be purchased by the Transfer of such Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Bank Annuities as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That when any Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Bank Annuities shall be transferred to the said Commissioners for the Purchase of Life Annuities, that such Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Bank Annuities shall be first converted, by the Computation of the said Officer, into Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities (at the Option of the Purchaser), according to the Average Price of those Stocks, to be ascertained as hereinbefore directed; and the Life Annuities to be granted thereon shall be calculated and ascertained upon the Amount of Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, including Fradions (if any) produced by such Conversion, according to the Provisions, Rules and Regulations prescribed by any Act or Acts now in force enabling the said Commissioners to grant Life Annuities.

XI. And be it further enacted. That every Subscriber or Subscribers who has or have paid a Deposit of One Pound per Cettfvm at the Bank of England upon the Subscription to a new Stock of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum9 shall and may, either in his, her or their own Name or Names, or in the Name or Names of any other Person or Persons on his or their behalf, be at liberty to transfer into the Names of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt the Deposit of Fifteen Pounds per Centum Three Pounds per Centrum Annuities upon the Amount of every Subscription.

XIL And be it further enacted, That the said Annuities at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum created by this Act shall, under the Provisions of an Act made in the Fifty seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to permit the Transfer of Capital from certain Publick Stocks or Funds in Great Britain to certain Publick Stocks or Funds in Ireland, be transferable into Annuities at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum% payable and transferable at the Bank of Ireland; and every Person and

Body

I

A.D. 1818.

58* GEO. III.

C. 23.

45

Body Politic and Corporate transferring such Annuities payable at the Bank of England shall be entitled, for every One hundred Pounds so transferred, to the Principal Sum of One hundred and eight Pounds Six Shillings and Eight pence in Annuities at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum, payable at the Bank of Ireland / and the First Dividend to be paid at the Bank of Ireland shall be computed from the Fifth Day of April or Tenth Day of OBober next preceding the Day on which the Transfer shall be made to the Commissioners for the Keduction of the National Debt at the Bank of England, and shall be paid on the Fifth Day of January or Fifth Day of July next succeeding the Day on which such Annuities shall be written into the Books of the Bank of Ireland in the Name or Names of the Party or Parties specified in such Certificate. [&* Cap 8o. post^

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England who shall have received or shall receive any Part of the Sums mbfcribed under this Act, shall give a Receipt or Receipts in Writing to every such Sub-fcriberfor all such Sums: Provided always, that such Cashier or Cashiers shall give Security* to the good Liking of any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the HighTreafurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, for duly answering and paying into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Great Britain, as after mentioned, for .the public Use, all the Monies which they have already received and shall hereafter receive from time to time under the Provisions of this Act, and for accounting duly for the same, and for Performance of the Trust hereby in him or them reposed; and shall from time to time pay all such Monies, as soon as he or they shall receive the same or any Part thereof, or within Five Days afterwards at the furtheit, into and shall account for the same in the Exchequer of Great Britain, according to the due Course thereof, deducing thereout such Sums as shall have been paid by him or them in pursuance of this Act, for which Sums so paid Allowance shall be made in his or their Accounts.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every Person and Body Politic and Corporate who shall, on or before the Twenty fourth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, have fub-fcribed his Name in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for transferring to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt Three Pounds per Centum Annuities for other Annuities at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum, shall be at Liberty to subscribe his Name, or the Name or Style of the Body Politic or Corporate, in the Books of the said Governor and Company, on the Twenty eighth or Twenty ninth Days of April, or on the Second Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, for converting into Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated and Reduced Annuities, upon the Terms and Conditions hereinafter mentioned, any Exchequer Bills already issued or which may be iffned before the Fir ft Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, and which may not have been advertised to be paid off, and the Interest thereon have ceased before the respec-xive Days of Payment hereinafter specified, to an Amount not exceeding One hundred Pounds in Exchequer Bills for every One

hundred

titled for every iooLto 108L 6s.8d.io Annuities at the Rate of 3$ ftw Cent.

Cashiers of the Bank of England tO'ghre Receipts to 8ub-fcribers; and Security to the Treasury of G. B. and I.

Money to bo accounted for in the Exchequer of G. B.

Subfcriptiont may be made la Exchequer Bills in manner herein mentioned.

C. 23.

58° GEO. III

A.D. 1818.

Pvavifo for making DepoGt ty such Sub-fcriber.

Times of deli, vering in Exchequer Bills.

Deposit returned or taken into Account.

Guardians or Trustees may subscribe for Infants.

Bodies Politic baring paid De-fofits, Jk& may authorise Per-lons to subscribe their Names for the Purpose of funding Exchequer Bills.

hundred Pounds of Stock subscribed, to be so transferred to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt as aforesaid: Provided always, that every such Perfqa and Body Politic and Corporate shall, at the time of so subscribing a* aforesaid, make a DepoGt in Money or in Exchequer Bills with the Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England* equal to Five Pounds per Centum at least on the Amount of Exchequer Bills so subscribed, as a Security for delivering into the Office of the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills the Amount of Exchequer Bills so subscribed, in manner and at the time* following; that is to say, the Sum of Fifteen Pounds per Centum upon the whole Amount of Exchequer Bills subscribed on or before the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eighteen; the further Sum of Ten Pounds on or before the Third Day of Sep* tember then next following; the further Sum of Twenty Ppunds on or before the Sixteenth Day of Offober then next following j the further Sum of Ten Pounds on or before the Twenty seventh Day of No* member then next following; the further Sum of Ten Pounds on or before the Eleventh Day of December then next following; the further Sum of Ten Pounds on or before the Fifteenth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; and the Remainder of such Amount on or before the Nineteenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; and that whenever such Do? posit as aforesaid shall have been made at the Bank in Money as aforesaid, the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills shall, so foou as any Xu oh Person or Body Politic or Corporate so subscribing as aforesaid shall have brought in Exchequer Bills to the whole Amount of such Subscription, return to such Person or Body Politic or Corporate so subscribing the Amount of such Deposit, or such Deposit may be taken into Account as a Part Payment of the Subscription of Inch Person or Body Politic or Corporate.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Guardian or Trustee having the Disposition of any Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, and of any Money, or of any Exchequer Bills of any Infant, to transfer such Annuities, and to pay such Money, and deliver in such Exchequer Bills in manner aforesaid; and such Infant, upon the Transfer of the Annuities, and Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money, or Delivery of Exchequer Bills subscribed by such Guardian or Trustee, shall be entitled to have and receive the Annuities, Advantages and Payments in respect thereof, in such and the like manner as any other Subscriber; and the said Guardian and Trustee, as to the said Annuities transferred, and Sum or Sums so advanced, or Exchequer Bills delivered in, is hereby discharged, so as the Name of such Infant be expreifed in such Transfer, and in the Receipt or Receipts for such Money or Exchequer Bills.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Body Politic or Corporate, who shall have subscribed any Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Redaced Annuities, to be frans-ferred to the Commissioners for the RedufUon of the National Debt under the Provisions of this Act, and who shall have paid the Deposit of One Pound in respect of each One hundred Pounds subscribed to be transferred, and shall also have transferred Fifteen Pounds per Centum thereon to the said Commissioners, by any Instrument under their Common Seal, to be lodged with the Chief Cashier or Cashiers

A.D. 1818.

58* GEO. III.

C. 23.

47

of the Bank of England* to direlt any Person or Persons to subscribe his or their Name or Names for the Purpose of funding any Exchequer Bills j and the Certificate or Certificates to be granted by the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills shall be made out in the Name of such Person or Person a, and shall be assignable by him or them in the same manner as if the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Reduced Annuities, in respect of which such Exchequer Bills were subscribed to be funded, had been subscribed by such Person or Persons in his or their own Name or Names.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That every Person and Body Certificates Politic and Corporate who shall have made a Deposit at the Bank Siven by Pjy-of England to the Amount of Five Poundsprr Centum on the Ex- *?afte^«Pref-chequer Bills subscribed by such Person or Body, shall receive from whole* of the the Paymasters of'Exchequer Bills a Certificate or Certificates, upon Exchequer Bills which a Receipt for the Deposit made at the Bank of England (nail have beeo re-bc written; and such Certificate or such Certificates shall be carried ceived, being to the Office of the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills at the time of making every future Payment, the Receipt for which shall be written ^d, Persons thereon; and when the whole Amount of Exchequer Bills expressed holding the in such Certificate or Certificates shall have been acknowledged to same shall be en-have been received by the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills, such Cer- t5tl«difor cTe*J tificate or Certificates being carried into the Bank of England, and lodged with the Governor and Company of the said Bank, mall entitle 3 cent. the Persons or Bodies Politic or Corporate respectively holding the Confoli. and 64L same, for every One hundred Pounds principal Money, contained 3 P** Cent. Re-therein, to Sixty four Pounds Capital Stock in the Three Pounds per <hicedAnnui-Centum Consolidated Annuities, the Interest whereon shall commence Ut9' from the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and ^eighteen, and the First Payment thereon to be made on the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, if the Certificate or Certificates before mentioned shall have been lodged with the Governor and Company of the said Bank on or before the Second Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; and if such Certificate or Certificates shall not be so lodged until after the said Second Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, the First Payment shall not be made until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; and also to Sixty four Pounds Capital Stock in Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities, the Interest whereon shall commence from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, and the First Payment thereon to be made on the Tenth JDay of OSober One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, if the Certificate or Certificates before mentioned shall have been lodged with the Governor and Company of the Bank on or before the Seventh Day of OSober One thousand eight hundred and eighteen; but if such Certificate or Certificates shall not be so lodged until after the said Seventh Day of OSober One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, the First Payment upon such Amount of Reduced Annuities shall not be made until the

Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; and Paymsfters to the said Paymasters of Exchequer Bills are hereby authorized and deliver Cheques required to deliver to the Governor and Company of the Bank of to

England the Cheques or Counterfoils of such Certificates. lF* ,

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Interest on a]l Interest on such Exchequer Bilk which shall be deposited at the Bank-of England* ox Exchequer BOIs

4 which (hill be com-

C. 23.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

pitted and paid to Aug. 1, 1818] iaclufivc.

Subfcriben map make up their Subscription in Money instead of Exchequer Sills.

Paymasters to grant a Receipt;

and pay into the Exchequer of G.B.

Exchequer Bills Shall be received at the proper Office, and cancelled, and the Interest paid.

Time of Payment of the Annuities granted in lieu of Exchequer Bills.

which may be carried into the Office of the Paymasters of Exchequer 1 Bills as aforesaid, shall be computed up to the First Day of Au^uft One thousand eight hundred and eighteen incluiive, from which tune the same shall cease; and the Interest which may be due on such Bills, from the Day of their Date up to the said First Day of Augufi* shall be paid by the said Paymasters as soon as conveniently may be after the said Bills shall have been deposited, or delivered in to the Person or Persons by whom the Deposit was made, or by whom the Bills were carried in.

XIX. And be it further enabled. That every such Subscriber as aforesaid who shall be desirous of making up any Part of his Subscription in Money instead of Exchequer Bills, shall be at liberty to do to, upon paying the same into the Bank of England to the Account of the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills, together with a Sum equal to One Pound per Centum upon such Money Payment; and alio, if such Payment should be made after the First Day of Augu/l One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, a further Sum equal to Two Pence per Centum per Diem on the Amount of such Payment in Money, to be computed from the said First Day of Augufi up to the Day of the actual Payment thereof; and the Paymastera of Exchequer Bills shall, upon the Payment to their Account being duly certified to them, grant a Receipt on such Certificate as aforesaid for such Payment, in the same manner as if Exchequer Bills to such Amount had been brought into their Office; and the said Paymasters of Exchequer Bills shall and they are hereby required within Five Days after they shall be apprized of the Payment of the said Money to their Account at the Bank of England* pay the same into the Exchequer of Great Britain, and shall account for the same in the Exchequer according to the due Course thereof.

XX. And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for the proper Officer or Officers at the Office of the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills for the time being, to take in and receive from all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who is, are or shall be possessed of, interested in or entitled unto any such Exchequer Bills so subscribed as aforesaid, all the said Exchequer Bills, to such Amount as aforesaid, which any such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall have so subscribed, according to the Provisions of this A &; and the said Paymasters of Exchequer Bills are hereby authorized and required, upon Receipt of any such Bills, to mark and cancel the same, and to pay the Interest thereupon, according to the Provisions of this Act.

XXI. And be it further enacted. That all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, who shall have delivered any such Exchequer Bill or Bills as aforesaid, upon producing such Certificates as are hereby directed to be made forth by the said* Paymasters of Exchequer Bills, in lieu of the principal Sums contained in such Bill or Bills, shall for every Sum of One. Hundred Pounds contained therein, and so in proportion for any greater Sum, have and be entitled to the Capital Stock in Annuities hereinbefore mentioned, which shall be in lieu of such Exchequer Bills; and the Annuities thereon shall be respectively payable Half jearly at the Bank of England in manner following; the said Consolidated Annuities on the Fifth Day of July and uie Fifth Day of January* and the said Reduced Annuities on the Fifth Day of April and Tenth

Day

A.D.i8ia

58° GEO. III.

C. 23.

49

Day of Oaobcr respectively in every Year ? and that all Persons and Persont entitled Bodies Politic or Corporate entitled to any such Annuity or An- to hav* sure nuities aforesaid, and his and their Executors, Administrators, Sue- m Annuu ceffors and Ailigns respectively, and aQ Persons and Bodies Politic l, efc or Corporate lawfully claiming under him or them, shall have good, fare, absolute and indefeaiible Eftatea and Interests in the said Annuities, according to the true Tenor and Meaning of this Act, until the Redemption thereof in the Manner herein directed.

XXII. And be it further euacted, That all Receipts by the Chief RoceSptt or Ctr-

Ca(hier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, or Certificates by the [*

Accountant General of the Bank of England, or hi. Depot, or £5SS22S&i

puties, or by the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills, which mail be de- i, the manner fivered under and by virtue of this Act, la respect of any such Tranf- and stthv Timet fere or Payments as aforesaid, shall be afiignablc by Indorsement herein men-thereupon, provided such Indorsement is made upon any Receipt or l*one^i Receipts granted by the Cashier or Caftiiers of the Bank of England

on or before the Fifth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and upon any Certificate or Certificatci, Receipt or Receipts, granted by the Accountant General of the Bank of England; or tua Deputy or Deputies, or the Paymasters of Exchequer Buis, at any time before the Nineteenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, and no longer; and no such Receipt, Certi- No Sump Duty, ficate or Assignment thereupon, shall be charged with any Stamp Duties whatever.

XXIII. And be it further enacted. That as.foon as any Sub- AmroMts to b#

feribers, their Executors, Administrators and Aisigns, shall have ?°°fki

completed their Parents and Transfers as aforesaid under and .ac* be

cording to the Provisions of this Act, and the Certificates granted trsufezible. by the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills shall be lodged with & Governor and Company of the Bank of England, ana which' they are

hereby authorized and required to take in and receive, the respective principal Sums or Annuities in respect of which such. Payments and Transfers shall have been made as aforesaid, shall forthwith be, in the Books of the Bank of England, placed to the Credit of such re-ipedive Subscribers, their Executors, Adminiftrators^ Succeflbrs and Assigns, completing such Transfers or Payments; and the Persons to whole Credit such principal Suma shall be so placed, their respective Executors, Administrators, Succeflbrs and. Aifigns shall and may have power to assign and transfer the same, or any Part, . Share or Proportion thereof, to any other Personr Body Politic or Corporate whatsoever, in the Books of the Bank of England; and the Bink of England laid Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby re- to prepare quired, as soon as conveniently may be after the pafifing of this Act, to prepare proper Books for the rurpofe of entering the Names of all such Subscribers, and of placing to theirCredit the principal Sums to which they may be respectively entitled under the Provisions of this Act i and all such principal Sums respectively shall he taken and deemed to be Stock transferable according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, until Redemption, thereof, in such manner as is hereinafter mentioned.

XXIV. And be it further ena^fd. That if any Subscriber or Subfcriben com-

Subfcribera shall have completed his or their Subfcnption, and shall pterag their have lodged the Certificate or Certificates thereof witn the Governor Subscription be-and Company of the Bank of England on or before the Second Day Hvi-

£8, 6x0. III. E of 9

C. 28.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Subfcriben mi y make up their SuVcription in Money instead of Each<

9 ills.

hequer

pined and paid which may be carried into the Office of the Paymasters of Exchequer *t0ffiv Bills as aforesaid, shall be computed up to the First Day of Augm/i

me u tvc. One thousand eight hundred and eighteen iuclulive, from which tune

the same shall cease; and the Interest which may be due on such Bills, from the Day of their Date up to the said First Day of August* shall be paid by the said Paymasters as soon as conveniently may be after the said Bills shall have been deported, or delivered in to the Person or Persons by whom the Deposit was made, or by whom the Bills were carried in.

XIX. And be it further enacted. That every such Subscriber as aforesaid who shall be desirous of making up any Part of his Subscription in Money instead of Exchequer Bills, shall be at liberty to do so, upon paying the same into the Bank of England to the Account of the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills, together with a Sum equal to One Pound per Centum upon such Money Payment; and alio, if such Payment should be made after the First Day of Amgujl One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, a further Sum equal to Two Pence per Centum per Diem on the Amount of such Payment in Money, to be computed from the said First Day of August up to the Day of the actual Payment thereof; and the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills shall, upon the Payment to their Account being duly certified to them, grant a Receipt on such Certificate as aforesaid for such Payment, in the same manner as if Exchequer Bills to such Amount had been brought into their Office; and the said Paymasters of Exchequer Bills shall and they are hereby required within Five Days after they shall be apprized of the Payment of the said Money to their Account at the Bank of England, pay the same into the Exchequer of Great Britain* and shall account for the same in the Exchequer according to the due Course thereof.

XX. And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for the proper Officer or Officers at the Office of the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills for the time being, to take in and receive from all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who is, are or mall be pofiefied of, interested in or entitled unto any such Exchequer Bills so subscribed as aforesaid, all the said Exchequer Bills, to such Amount as aforesaid, which any such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall have so subscribed, according to the Provisions of this Act; and the said Paymasters of Exchequer Bills are hereby authorized and required, upon Receipt of any nich Bills, to mark and cancel the same, and to pay the Interest thereupon, according to the Provisions of this Act.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, who shall have delivered any such Exchequer Bill or Bills as aforesaid, upon producing such Certificates as are hereby directed to be made forth by the said* Paymasters of Exchequer Bills, in lieu of the principal Sums contained in such Bill or Bills, shall for every Sum of One. Hundred Pounds contained therein, and so in proportion for any greater Sum, have and be entitled to the Capital Stock in Annuities hereinbefore mentioned, which shall be in lieu of such Exchequer Bills; and the Annuities thereon shall be respectively payable Half yearly at the Bank of England in manner following; the said Conlolidated Annuities on the Fifth Day of July and the Fifth Day of January* and the said Reduced Annuities on the Fifth Day of April and Tenth

Day

Paymasterc to {rant a Receipt;

and pay into the Exchequer of G.B.

Exchequer Bills shall be received at the proper Office, and cancelled, and the Intereit paid.

Time of Payment of the Annuities granted in lieu of Exchequer Bills.

A.D.1818.

58° GEO. III.

C. 23.

49

Day of OBober respectively in every Year ? and that all Persons and Person* entitled Bodies Politic or Corporate entitled to any such Annuity or An- to have fl, re nuities aforesaid, and his and their Executors, Administrators, Sue- ?ftate , n Annuu ceiTors and Assigns respectively, and all Persons and Bodies Politic tlc<* or Corporate lawfully claiming under him or them, shall have good, fare, absolute and indefeasible Estates and Interest* in the said Annuities, according to the true Tenor and Meaning of this Act, until the Redemption thereof in the Manner herein directed.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all Receipts by die Chief Receipts or Cer-Caihier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, or Certificates by the Accountant General of the Bank of England, or his Deputy or Do- d^ment^made

{juries, or by the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills, which shall be de- i, the manner ivered under and by virtue of this Act, is respect of any such Tranf- and at the Times fers or Payments as aforesaid, shall be alfignable by Indorsement herein men-thereupon, provided such Indorsement is made upon any-Receipt or tlone** Receipts granted by the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England on or before the Fifth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and upon any Certificate or Certificates, Receipt or Receipts, granted by the Accountant General of the Bank of England^ or his Deputy or Deputies, or the Paymasters of Exchequer Buis, at any time before the Nineteenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, and no longer; and no such Receipt, Certi- No Sump Duty, ficate or Assignment thereupon, shall be charged with any Stamp Duties whatever.

XXIII. And be it further enacted. That as soon as any Sub- Annuities to be feribers, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, shall have *J^£reiin completed their Payments and Transfers as aforesaid under and.ac- Eneland*snd be cording to the Provisions of this Act, and the Certificates granted transferable, by the Paymasters of Exchequer Bill! shall be lodged with &e Governor and Company of the Bank of England* and which-, they are hereby authorized and required to take in and receive, the respective principal Sums or Annuities in respect of which such. Payments and Transfers shall have been made as aforesaid, shall forthwith be, in the Books of the Bank of England, placed to the Credit of such respective Subscribers, their Executors, Adminiftrators^Successors and Assigns, completing such Transfers or Payments; and the Persons to whole Credit such principal Sums shall be so placed, their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns shall and may have power to assign and transfer the same, or any Part, . Share or Proportion thereof, to any other Person, Body Politic or Cor** porate whatsoever, in the Books of the Bank of England; and the Bank of England laid Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby re- to prepare quired, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, Bookl* to prepare proper Books for the Purpose of entering the Names of all such Subfcriben, and of placing to tbeirCredit the principal Sums to which they may be respectively entitled under the Provisions of this Act; and all such principal Sums respectively shall be taken and deemed to be Stock transferable according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, until Redemption, thereof, in such manner as is hereinafter mentioned. .

XXIV. And be it further enafyd, That if any Subscriber or Subscriber* com-Subfcribers shall have completed his or their Subscription, and (haH paring their have lodged the Certificate or Certificates thereof with the Governor Subfcnpdon be-and Company of the Bank of England on or before the Second Day yj£g <)£ Hvl-58, Geo. III. E of '

50

C.23.

58° GEO- III.

A.D.181S-

dendonthe.1 of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, by which the £r Sfnt: Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities created by this A A

be ridJtu 5 W0U^ become transferable in the Books of the said Governor and 18x9.*Company, or the Dividend or Intereil which may become due

thereon on the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, shall belong to and shall be paid on the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nineteen to the Person or Persons. Body Politic or Corporate, in whose Name or Names such Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities shall have been Handing in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England on the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred If Residue of and eighteen: Provided always, that in case any such Subscribers who Subscription be shall have transferred any Three Pounds per Centum Annuities to the Payment* Coramissioners for the Redudlbn of the National Debt, or who

that have been ^all bate .already deposited with or shall hereafter pay to the said made shall be Caihier or Caihiers any Sum or Sums of Money or Exchequer Bills, forfeited. or carrry into the Office of the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills any

Exchequer Bills, at the times and in the manner hereinbefore mentioned, in part of the Sum 'or Sums so by them respectively fub-feribed, or their respective Executors, Administrators, SuccefTors or Assigns, shall not transfer to the said Commissioners, or advance and pay to the said Caihier or Caihiers, or carry into the Office of the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills, the Reiidue of the Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, Money or Exchequer Bills subscribed, at the times and in the manner before mentioned, then and in every such Case so much of the respective Annuities, Money or Exchequer Bills so subscribed, as shall have been actually transferred, paid or delivered in part thereof as aforesaid, shall be forfeited for the Benefit of the Public, and all Right and Title to the said Annuities in refpeA thereof shall be extinguished; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Books to be pro- XXV- And be it further enacted^ That in the Office of the Ac-«deJbf*rh*i j countant General of the Governor and Company of the Bank of for*entering* he England for the Time being, a Book or Books shall be provided and Name* of Sub- kept, in which the Names of the Subscribers shall be fairly entered; feriber*. which Book or Books the said respective Subscribers, their refpe&ive

Executors, Administrators, SuccefTors and Assigns, shall and may from time to time, and at all seasonable times, relort to and infpeA, without any Fee or Charge; and that the said Accountant General shall, on or before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, transmit an attested Duplicate, fairly written on Paper, of the said Book or Books, into the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer of Great Britain* there to remain for ever-

Buoki forTrant- XXVI. And be it further enacted. That Books shall be conftantlv

k " bf A[inuilie# bept by the said Accountant General for the time being, wherein all cmmtJL p' Affigoments or Transfers of all Annuities created under the Provisions ral, 9of this Act shall be entered and registered; rfhich Entry shall be con-

ceived in proper Words for that rurpose, and shall be signed by the Parties making such Assignments or Transfers, or if such Parties be absent, by their respective Attorney or Attornies thereunto lawfully authorised, in Writing under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to be attested by Two or more credible Witnesses $ and that the several Persons to wnom such Transfers shall be made may re-

fpefiively

A.D. 1818

58 GEO. IIL

G. 23*

51

spectively underwrite their Acceptance thereof | and that no other Method of assigning and transferring the said Annuities, or any Part thereof, or any Interest therein, shall be good or available in Law: Provided always, that all Persons possessed of any Share or Interest in the said Annuities, or any Estate or Interest therein, may devise the same by Will in Writing, attested by Two or more credible Wit-neffes; but that no Payment shall be made upon any such Devise, until so much of the said Will as relates to such Share* Estate 6r Interest in the said Annuities, be entered in the said Office; and that, in default of such Transfer or Devise, such Share, Estate or Interest in the said Annuities shall go to the Executors, Adminiltra-tors, Successors and Assigns; and that no Stamp Duties whatsoever shall be charged on any of the said Transfers; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall be entitled to any of the Annuities hereby granted, and all Persons lawfully claiming under them, shall be possessed thereof as of a Personal Estate, which shall not be descendible to Heirs, nor liable to any foreign Attachment, by the Custom of London or otherwise; any Law, Statute or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That such Subscribers duly transferring or paying or delivering in the whole Amount so subscribed at or before the respective times in this Act limited in that behalf, and their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, shall have, receive and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this Act to have, receive and enjoy the said Annuities by this Act granted in respect of the Ampunt so subscribed, and shall have good and sure Interefta and Estates therein, according to the Several Prorifions in this Act contained; and that the said Annuities shall be free from all Taxes, Charges and Impofirions whatsoever.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, *That at anytime after the

Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty nine, and not Sooner, upon Six Months9 Notice to be printed in the London Gazette, and affixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, by Authority of Parliament, and upon Repayment by Parliament of the whole of the said Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, or any Part thereof, by Payments not less than Five hundred thousand Pounds at one Time, in such manner as shall be directed by any future Act or Acts of Parliament in that behalf, and also upon full Payment of all Arrearages of the said Annuities, then, and not till then, such and so much of the said Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, as shall be attending on the principal Sum or Sums so paid off, shall cease and determine, and be understood to be redeemed; and that any Vote or Resolution of the House of Commons, signified by the Speaker id Writing, to be inserted in the London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange in London as aforesaid, shall be deemed and adjudged to be sufficient Notice within the Words and Meaning of this Act.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all the Consolidated Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum which shall be created under the Prorifions of this Act, shall, after the Fifth Day of July Ono thousand eight hundred and eighteen, be added to the Joint Stock of Annuities transferable at the Bank of England^

E 2 into

Proviso for Devise of Annuities by Will

No Sump Duty on Transfers.

Annuities to be Personal Estate, and not liable to foreign Attach, meat;

oft to be Tax

Fre«b

After April 5, 1829, the As. nuities may be paid off, upon Six Months* Notice.

What shall be deemed Notice.

The 3 per Cent. Confols of this Act to be added to the joint Stock of 3 per Cent. Confols under former Act;

G. 23.

58? GEO. III.

A.D. 1818

5 i

subjed to Redemption on Notice under *5 O. *. c. %J-I M*

The 3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities under this Act to be added to the joint Stock of 3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities under *3 G. 2. c. i.

Dividends ptv-able out of the Con folk) a ted Fund,

and the Mooey ifloed at the Exchequer to the Bank of England.

Bank of England to appoint Caftuers, and also an Account* ant General.

into whifch the federal Sums, carrying an Interest after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, were, by several A As made in the Twenty taftb, Twenty eighth, Twenty ninth, Thirty second, and Thirty third Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and by several subsequent A As, consolidated, and shall be deemed Part of the said joint Stock of Annuities, subjeA nevertheless to Redemption by Parliament in such manner and upon such Notice as, in trie said A A made in the Twenty fifth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign is direAed in refpeA of the several and refpeAjve Annuities redeemable by virtue of the said A A; and that all and every Person and Persons and Corporation whatsoever, in proportion to the Money to which he or they shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this AA, shall have and be deemed to have a proportional Interest and Share in the. said joint Stock of Annuities at the Rates aforesaid.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all the Reduced Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum, created under the Provi-fions of this AA, shall be added to the Joint Stock of Annuities trauf-ferable at the Bank of England, which, -by an A A made in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, were reduced from Four Pounds per Centum per Annum to Three Poundsper Centum per Annum, and shall be deemed Part of the said joint Stock of Annuities, fubjc A nevertheless to Redemption by Parliament in such manner and upon such Notice as in the several A As by which the said Annuities after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum were refpeAively granted, are direAed in refpeA of the Annuities redeemable by virtue thereof; and that all and every Person and Persons and Corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the Money to which he or they shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this A A, shall have and be deemed to have a proportional Interest and Share in the said joint Stock of Annuities at the Rate afprefaid.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all the Annuities created under tlie-Provisions of this AA, and Interest and Dividends which shall become payable in refpeA thereof, (haU be charged and chargeable upon, and are hereby charged upon, and made payable out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, after paying or reserving Sufficient to pay all such Sums of Money as have Imn direAed by any former A A or A As of Parliaa ment; and the said Annuities at the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum shall be subjeA to Redemption by Parliament in manner hereinbefore mentioned.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That so much Money shall from time to time be set apart and issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer in England, out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to the said Caihier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as shall be sufficient to satisfy and pay the refpeAive Annuities to be created under the Provisions of this AA, together with the Charges attending the same.

XXXIV. And for the more easy and sure Payment of all the Annuities establiffied by this AA, be it further enacted, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Suc-ceffors, shall, from time to time, until all the said Annuities shall be redeemed, appoint and employ one or more sufficient Person or Persons within their Office in the City of London to be their Chief or

First

.A.D. 1818.

58° GEO. III.

C. 23.

53

First Caffiier or Caffiiers, and one other sufficient Person within the same Office to be their Accountant General; and that so much of the Monies from time to time being in the Receipt of the Exchequer, and forming the Consolidated Fund by this Act made applicable for that Purpoie, as shall be sufficient to answer the said Annuities, shall, by Order of the Commissioners of the Treasury of the United King, dom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that behalf, from time to time at the respective Days of Payment in this Act appointed, be iffiied and paid at the Receipt of the Exchequer to the said Fir (I or Chief Caffiier or Ca(hiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England\ and their SuccefTors for the time being, by way of Imprest and upon Account for the Payment of the said Annuities; and that such Caffiier or Caffiiers to whom the said Money shall from time to time be iffiied shall, from time to time, without Delay, apply and pay the same accordingly, and render his or their Accounts thereof aocording to the due Course of the Exchequer in Great Britain; and that the said Accountant General for the time being shall from time to time infped and examine all Receipts and Payments of the said Caffiier or Caffiiers, and the Vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any Fraud, Negligence or Delay.

XXXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That it shall be

lawful to and for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to retain out of the said Sums subscribed a Sum at the Rate of Eight hundred Pounds for every Million subscribed'in Money, in respect of the Transfer of Three Pounds/er Centum Annuities to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, as an Allowance for the Service, Pains and Labour of the said Caffiier or Caffiiers employed in receiving, paying and accounting for the same, and also for the Service, Pains and Labour of the said Accountant General, for performing the Trust reposed in him by this Act: which Allowance in respect of the Service, Pains and Labour of the said Caffiier or Caffiiers and Accountant General of the said Governor and Company, shall be for the Use of the said Governor and Company, and at their Disposal only. *

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That out of the Monies arising from the said Sub&ription, anj Three or more of the said Commimoners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the time being, shall have Power to discharge all such incident Charges as shall necessarily attend the Execution or this Act, in such Manner as to them shall teem just and reasonable.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the fai4 High Treasurer for the time being, to issue and apply from time to time all such Sums of Money as shall be so paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer of Great Britain by the said Caffiier or Caffiiers, or by the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills, in respect of all the Monies subscribed or paid under the Provisions of this AA, to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament.

E 3

Monies to be issued at the Exchequer to the said Cashiers.

Cashiers duly to apply the same.

Allowance of 8ool. for every Million l'ub-fcribed shall be made to the Bank of England, which they may retain out of Sums subscribed.

Incidental Charges to be peid by Treasury.

Money ralfed to be applied to the Public Service.

/

XXXVIII. And

C.23.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Forging, counterfeiting or altering Receipts or Certificates, fcc.;

or knowingly uttering such;

or afnsting, frc. in fucK Forgery, fcc.;

Death.

Bank of England to continue e Corporation until Annuities redeemed.

Taking Feee,

Penalty aoL

General IflTue.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit, or caufc or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or shall willingly ad or aifift in the forging or counterfeiting, any Receipt or Receipts, or Certificate or Certificates, for the Whole or any Part or Parts of the said Money, Annuities or Exchequer Bills subscribed under the Provisions of this Act, either with or without the Name or Names of any Person or Persons being in-ferted therein, as the Subscriber or Subscribers thereto, or Transferrer or Transferrers, or Payer or Payers thereof, or of any Part or Parts thereof, or any Certificate or Certificates directed to be made out by this Act, or any Alignment thereof, or Indorsement thereon, or shall alter any Number, Figure or Word therein respectively, or utter or publish as true any fucn false, forged, counterfeited or altered Receipt or Receipts, or Certificate or Certificates, or Assignment or Affign-ments thereof, or Indorsement or Indorsements thereon, with Intent to defraud His Majesty or the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any Body Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, every such Person or Persons so forging or counterfeiting, or causing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly acting or assisting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering or publishing as aforefaia, being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall Suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Snc-ceffors, notwithstanding the Redemption of all or any of their own funds, in pursuance of the Acts for establishing the same or any of them, shall continue a Corporation for the Purposes of this Act, until the Annuities by this Act granted shall be redeemed by Parliament as aforesaid; and that the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any Member thereof, shall not incur any Disability for or by reason of their doing any matter or thing in pursuance of this Act.

XL. And be it further enacted, That no Fee, Reward or Gratuity whatsoever shall be demanded or taken of any Person or Persons whatsoever, for receiving or paying the said Subscription or Contribution Monies, or any of them, or for any Receipt concerning the same, or for paying the said Annuities or any of them, or for any Transfer, or for any Sum, great or Small, on the usual Days of Transfer, to be made in pursuance of this Act, ufciop pain that any Officer or Person offending, by taking or demanding any such Fee, Reward or Gratuity, shall for every such Offence forfeit the sum of Twenty Pounds to the Party aggrieved, with full Costs of Suit, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westmin/ler, wherein no Effoign, Protedion/ Privilege or Wager of Law, fnjundion or Order of Restraint, or any more than One Imparlance shall be granted or allowed.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be sued, mplefted or prosecuted for any thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence in his, her or their Defence or Defences; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her or their Action or Prosecution, or be non-fnited, or Judgment shall be given against him, her or them (Tpon Demurrer

A. D. 1818.

53° GEO. III.

C. 23, 24.

55

rourrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him, her or them against any such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That this A3, or any of the Provisions thereof, may be altered, varied or repealed by any A3 or A3s to be passed in this Settion of Parliament.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to make further Provision for

His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, and to fettlean

Annuity on the Princess of Heft) in case (lie shall survivc

His said Royal Highness. [8th May 1818.]

* Most Gracious Sovereign,

* YT7 E, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjests, the ' W Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and

* Ireland in Parliament assembled, having taken into Consideration 4 the Message of His Royal Highness The Prince Regent, acting in 4 the Name and on the behalf of His Majesty, communicating that a 4 Treaty of Marriage was in Negotiation between His Royal High-4 nefs the Duke.of Cambridge and Her Serene Highness the Princess 4 Augujla Wilbelmtna Louisa, youngest Daughter of His Serene

* Highness the Landgrave Frederick of Heft Castel, and Niece of 4 His Royal Highness the Elector of Heft ; 9 Do most humbly be-feech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by any Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland) to give and grant unto His said Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, for and during His Majesty's Royal Will and Pleasure, an Annuity or Yearly Sum of Six thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, in such Proportions and in such manner and Form as His Majesty in His Wif-dom shall think fit to direct and appoint the same; which Annuity shall commence and take effect from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, and shall be paid ana payable Quarterly, in equal Portions, at the Four most usual Days of Payment in the Year, (that is to say, ) the Fifth Day of July, the Tenth Day of October, the Fifth Day of January, and the Fifth Day of April in each and every Year; and also that it shall and may be lawful to and for The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland) to give and grant unto Her said Serene Highness the Princess Augujla Wtlhelmina Louisa of Heft Caftl, when (he shall become Duchess of Cambridge) or to such other Person or Persons as His Majesty shall think fit to be named in such Letters Patent, and his or their Heirs, to the Use of or in Trust for Her said Serene Highness, an Annuity of Six thousand Pounds of like lawful Money, which shall have Commencement and take effe3 immediately from and after the Decease of His said Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge) in case Her said Serene Highness shall survive him, and shall continue from thenceforth for and during the natural Life of Her said Serene

E 4? Highness,

Treble Costs.

Act irfay be altered, See. litis jSelfiun.

An Annuity of 6oool. granted to the Duke of Cambridge during Pleasure.

Payable Quarterly as herein mentioned.

An Annuity of

6oool. for Life to the Duchef* of Cambridge, if (he survive the Duke.

C. 24, 25.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818

IV

ter!

i|T»We Qu

The Ciki Annuities payable out of the Coufoli-dated Fund; .

and payable at the Exchequer, without Fee.

Annuities clear of Taxes.

-Highnefs, and shall be paid and payable in equal Portions at the Four Days of Payment hereinbefore mentioned; the First Payment thereof to be made at such of the said Days of Payment as shall first and next happen after the Decease of His said Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, in <cafe Her said Serene Highness shall survive him as aforesaid; and .that the said federal Annuities shall and may in and by such Letters Patent be directed to be respectively issuing and payable out of and chargeable upon the Confoudated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, (after paying or referring sufficient to pay all such Sums as have been directed to be paid out of the same by any Act or Acts of Parliament made previous to the time of passing this A A, ) but with preference to all other Payments which mall or may at any time or times after the passing of this Act be charged upon and payable out of the said Fund.

JI. And be it further enacted. That the said several Annuities, as the same shall take effect, shall be paid and payable during the Continuance of the same respectively at the Receipt of His Majesty's .Exchequer at Westminster; and the Auditor of the said*Receipt shall and he is hereby required by virtue of such Letters Patent respectively to make forth and pass Debentures from time to time for paying the JaidfeveFal Annuities during the Continuance of the same respectively, and as the same shall become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the same, or any Part thereof; and the said Debentures to be made forth and passed as aforesaid shall be a sufficient Authority to the several and respective .Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer now and for the time being /or the Payment of the said several Annuities, as the same shall take effect, according to the Directions of this Act, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that behalf.

III. And be it enacted, That the said several Annuities, and every Part thereof respectively, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Rates and Assessments, and all other Charges whatever, impoied or 4o be imposed by Authority of Parliament or otherwise.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity on Her *Royal Highness the Duchess of Cumberland, in case of her surviving His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland.

[8th May 1818.]

4 Most Gracious Sovereign,

4 IfTTE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjests, the Com-4 VV mons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland '< in Parliament assembled, having taken into Consideration the most 4 Gracious Mefiage of His Royal Highness The Prince Regent, 4 acting in the Name and on the behalf of Hia Majesty, have resolved 4 that a Sum of Six thousand Pounds per Annum be settled on 4 Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Cumberland, in case Her 4 Royal Highness should survive His Royal Highness the Duke of 4 Cumberlandt* Do most; humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority o( the same, That it shall be lawful for The King's

Most

A.Dsl818.

58° GEO. IIL

C. 25.

57

Most Excellent Majesty, by any Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to give and grant unto Her said Royal Highnefa the Duchess of Cumberland, in case (he shall survive His said Royal Highnefa the Duke of Cumberland, or to such Person or Persons as His Majesty shall think fit to be named in such Letters Patent, and his or their Heirs, to the Use of or in Trust for Her said Royal Highness, One Annuity or Yearly Sum of Six thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, such Annuity or Yearly Sum of Six thousand Pounds, and every Part thereof, to commence and take effect immediately from and after the Decease of His said Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, and continue from thenceforth for and during the natural Life of Her said Royal Highness, and shall he paid and payable at the Four most usual Days of Payment in the Year, (that is to say, ) the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of jipriU the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of 0Sober in every Year, by even and equal Portions; the First Payment thereof to he made on the First

Suarterly Day of Payment next after the Decease of His said Royal ighnefs, of such Proportion of such Quarterly Payment as (nail have accrued between the Day of such Decease and such Quarter Day; and that the said Annuity of Six thousand Pounds shall and may by such Letters Patent be directed to be issuing and payable out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland during the Life of Her said Royal Highness, (after paying or reserving iufficient to pay all such Sums as shall have been directed to be paid out of the same by any Act or Acts of Parliament made previous to the time of pamng this Act, ) and with a Pre. ference to all other payments which shall or may at any time or times after the passing of tnis Ad be charged upon and payable out of the said Fund.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Annuity of Six thousand Pounds shall be paid and payable at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Wcjlminjier, and the Auditor of the said Receipt shall and he is hereby required by virtue of such Letters Patent to make forth and pass Debentures from time to time for paying, according to the Directions of this Act, the said Annuity, as the same shall become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the same or any Part thereof $ and the said Debentures to be made forth and paflea as aforesaid shall be a iufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer now and for the tune being for the Payment of the said Annuity according to the Directions of this Act, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that behalf.

III. And be it further enacted. That the said Annuity of Six thousand Pounds, and every Part thereof, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Rates and Afleflinents, and all other Charges whatsoever imposed or to be imposed by Authority of Parliament or otherwise.

An Annuity of 6000L granted to the Duchels of Cumberland for Life, in case (he shall fur-vive the Duke.

To be paid Quarterly on the Days herein mentioned, out of the Confoli-dated Fund.

Payable at the Exchequer, without Fee,

Annuity clear of Taxes.

CAP.

58

C. 26.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

54 G. 3* c* X49*

55 G. 3. c. 131.

56 G.3. e.105.

54 O.3. c. 149* as altered by 56 G. 3* C-'°S-

8c c. further continued.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen. Two Acts made in the Fifty fourth and Fifty sixth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for regulating the Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland reciprocally, and to amend the same.

[23d May 1818.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AB to regulate 4 until the End of the next Session of Parliament the Trade in Spirite 1 between Great Britain and Ireland reciprocally; and which, by an 4 Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present 4 Majesty, was continued until the End of the then next Session of 4 Parliament: And Whereas by an Act made in the Fifty sixth ' Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to amend and continue*the said recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year aforesaid, and to grant 4 and allow new countervailing Duties and Drawbacks 011 Spirits*imported and exported between England and Scotland and Ireland 4 respectively, the said recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year afore* 4 said was further continued, except so far as the same was altered 4 by the last mentioned Act, until the End of the last Session of Parliament; and the said recited Acts were by an Act of the last Session 4 of Parliament so further continued until the End of the present 4 Session of Parliament; and it is expedient that the said recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year aforesaid, so altered as aforesaid, and 4 such Parts of the said Act of the Fifty sixth Year aforesaid as are 4 now in force, except as hereinafter mentioned, should be further*continued / Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year aforesaid, as altered by the said Act of the Fifty sixth Year afdtesaid, and also such Parts of the last-mentioned Act as are now in force, except as hereinafter mentioned, and the several Duties and Drawbacks thereby grauted and allowed and now payable, shall be and the Tame is and are hereby further continued from and after the End of this present Session of Parliament, and shall remain and continue in force from thence until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

4 II. And Whereas by the said Act made in the Fifty sixth 4 Year aforesaid, the Strength of Eight per Centum above Proof 4 denoted by Sites's Hydrometer \?as fubftiti^ed for the Strength of 4 One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof mentioned in the said Acts, 4 and the Strength of Twenty two ter Centum above Proof denoted*by the said Hydrometer was substituted for^the Strength of One 4 to Four Hydrometer Proof mentioned in the aforesaid Acts: And 4 Whereas the said Strengths (o respectively substituted have been*found to exceed the said Strengths for which the same were so re-4 spectively substituted; and further Provision is made by an Act of 4 the present Session in that behalf; and it is therefore expedient to repeal so much of the aforesaid Act of the Fifty sixth Year aforesaid

* as

A.D.1818.

58° GEO, III

59

C.26, 27.

4 as substituted such Strengths as aforesaidBe it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said Act as aforesaid shall be and the same is hereby repealed,

CAP. XXVII.

An Act to permit the Importation of certain Articles into His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, or on the Continent of South America; and also certain Articles into certain Ports in the West Indies. [23d May 1818.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to allow the Importation of certain Articles into His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, or on the Continent of South America; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That it shall and may be lawful to import Tobacco, Rice, Grain, Peas, Beans and Flour into any of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, or on the Continent of South America, for the Supply of the Inhabitants thereof, in British built Ships, owned, registered and navigated according to Law, from any Colony or Possession in the West Indies, or on the Continent of Ame-rica under the Dominion of any Foreign European Sovereign or State.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to import Peas and Beans, being the Growth or Production of any of the Colonies or Poflelfions in the West Indies, or on the Continent of America, belonging to or undar the Dominion of any Foreign European Sovereign or State, into any of the Ports in His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies enumerated in an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An AB to consolidate and extend the federal Law now in force for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandise into and from certain Ports in the West Indies; and in another Act, passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An Act for enabling His Majesty to permit the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities into and from the Port of Road Harbour in the Island of Tortola; and liKe-wife in another Act, passed in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An AB for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities into and from the Port of Fal mouth in the Island of Jamaica; and in another Act, passed m the Fifty second Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An AB for allowing certain Articles to be imported into the Bahama Islands and exported therefrom in Foreign Vessels, and for encouraging the Exportation of Salt from the said Islands; and in another Act, passed in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An AB to extend several ABs for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandise to Porta Maria in the Island of Jamaica, and to the Port of Bridge Town in the Island of Batbadoes, in Vessels of the like Description, and subject to the like Rules, Regulations and Restrictions as are required by the aforesaid Acts permitting certain Articles to be imported into the Ports enumerated therein, and in Vessels of the like Defcripdon, and subject*

to

56 G. 3. c. 105. § 6. in part re* pealed.

Tobacco, &c. may be imported from Foreign European Colonies in Welt Indies and America, into the West Indies or'South America in British built Ships.

Pess and Besns

of the Growth of such Foreign European Colonies may be imported into any Ports in the British Colonies in the West Indies mentioned in 45G-3-C.J7,

46 G.3. c. 72.

49 & 3* c. aa.

52G.3. c. 99.

57G.3.C.74.

Subject to the Regulations therein mentioned, and also to the Regula-

C. 27, 28.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

tions required by to the like Rules, Regulations and Restrictions as are required in 50 G.3. c. ax.^y^d passed in the Fiftieth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, in^ tituled An A3 for amending and continuing so amended until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, an AS of the Forty fifth. Tear of His present Majefiyt for consolidating and extending the several Laws in force for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandize into ana from certain Ports in the west Indies, which was afterwards continued, by an Act passed in the Fifty second Year of.His said Majesty'* Reign, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and revived and made perpetual by another Act, passed in 54 G. 3. c 48. the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An Act to revive and make perpetual certain ASs for consolidating and extending the several Laws in force for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Articles into and from certain Ports in the West Indies.

CAP. XXVIII.

56 O. 3. c. 140.

41G. 3. c.97. ( 8.

V G 3. c.31. 5 H*

An Act to repeal an Act made in the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for establishing the Use of an Hydrometer called Sikes*s Hydrometer, in ascertaining the Strength of Spirits, instead of Clarkds Hydrometer; and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof. [23d May 1818.]

WHEREAS a certain Ad Was made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for establishing the*Use of an Hydrometer called Sikes9s Hydrometer, in ascertaining 4 the Strength of Spirits, instead of Clark?s Hydrometer; reciting 4 therein, that by an Act made in the Forty first Year of the Reign 4 of His present Majesty, among other things, for making perpetual 4 so much of an Act made in the Twenty .fiventh Year of the Reign 4 of His present Majesty as related to ascertaining the Strength of 4 Spirits by Clarke9s Hydrometer, it was enacted, that so much of an Act made in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His 4 present Majesty, intituled An Act for making Allowances to the 4 Dealers in Foreign Wines, for the Stock of certain Foreign Wines in 4 their Pojfejfion at a certain time, upon which the Duties on Import 4 'dtion have been paid, and for amending several Laws relating to 4 the Revenue of Excise, as directed that all Spirits should be deemed 4 and taken to be of the Degree of Strength at which the Hy-4 drometer commonly called Clarke98 Hydrometer should, upon Trial 4 by any Officer or Officers of Excise, denote any such Spirits to be, 4 which was to continue in force until the Fifth Day of April One 4 thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, and which, by several 4 subsequent Acts, was continued until the First Day of June One 4 thousand eight hundred and one, should be made perpetual; and 4 that (ince the passing of the said Acts, an Hydrometer called 4 Sikes9s Hydrometer had with great Care been completed, and had, 4 by proper Experiments made for that Purpose, been ascertained to 4 denote as Proof Spirit that which, at the Temperature of Fifty-4 one Degrees by Fahrenheit>s Thermometer, weighs exactly Twelve 4 Thirteenth Parts of an equal Measure of Distilled Water, and also 4 to determine the Strengths of all other Spirits, in proportion to the 4 Quantity of such Proof Spirit which is contained therein, or which

4 can

A.D.1818.

58* GEO. III.

C. 28.

Gl

€ can be made from them, with a Degree of accuracy never before

* attained; and that it was expedient to establish the same in lieu and«instead of the said Hydrometer called Clarke's Hydrometer, which

* still remained in Use in Great Britain under and by virtue of the said*

' Act j and that it was also expedient to repeal the said recited

* Clause of the said Act made in the Forty first Year of the Reign

* aforesaid; and also an Act made in the Forty second Year of the 4* G.3. c.97*

* Reign aforesaid, intituled An AB to authorize the Lord High Trea-

* furer or Commi/Jtoners of the Treasury in Great Britain, and the Lord

* High Treasurer or the Commissioncrs of the Treasury in Ireland, to

* order the Use of the Hydrometers now employed in the Management 1 of the Revenues to be discontinued and other Instruments to be used 1 instead thereof: And Whereas the said Act, by which the Acts

* therein recited as aforesaid were repealed, and the Use of Sikes'*

* Hydrometer established as aforesaid, will expire on the First Day

* of August One thousand eight hundred and eighteen; and it is ex-

* pedient to repeal the said Act, save and except as hereafter men-

* tioned, and make further Provision for the Purposes therein men-

* tioned Be it therefore enacted by The Ring's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons; in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the patting 56G.3.C. 140. of this Act, the said Act of the Fifty sixth Year aforesaid (hail be ana (E«6ption) the same is hereby repealed, save and except in all Cases relating to 'I**1**the recovering any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, which shall have been incurred under such Act at any time before or on the passing of this Act, and save and except as to so much of the said Act as repealed the said Clause of the Act of the Forty first Year, and the said Act of the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, which shall, notwithstanding any thing herein contained, remain wholly repealed.

II. And be it further enacted. That in and throughout the United Spirits deemed Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from and after the pafiing of to be or the this Act, all Spirits shall be deemed and taken to be of the Degree of tV" .

Strength at which the said Hydrometer called Sikes's Hydrometer, Hydrometer!**used under the Directions of the Commissioners of Excise, shall, Exception, upon Trial by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, denote such Spirits to be, except any Spirits (not being Foreign Cordials, Briti/h Brandy, or Brittfh Compounds) which shall be Spirits fweeten-fwefetened, or have any Ingredient or Ingredients mixed with or put to defeat

into the same, so as to defeat the Operation of the said Hydrometer, or deceive the Officer in trying the true Strength thereof with the said footed, and9Hydrometer, whereby His Majesty may be defrauded; iu all and maybefeixed. every of which Cases, such Spirits shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, any thing in any other Act or .Acts to the contrary thereof in any wile notwithstanding; and all Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Penalties, For- Regulations for feitures, Clauses, matters and things in any Act or Acts contained, trying tho and not hereby expressly controuled or altered, nor repugnant to the Strength of Provisions of this Act, relating to the ascertaining of the Degree of cUrke'sHydro-Strength of any Spirits, or to the Degree of Strength of any Spirits, meter shall apply for any Purpose whatever relating to the Revenues of Customs and to Sikes's Hy-Excife, or either of them, by the said Hydrometer called darkest drometer. Hydrometer, or by any other Hydrometer in that Part of the United

Kingdom

62

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

Tabic of the Strengths of Spirits formed under the Com-roiflioner* of Ex-cifc, to be used by the Officers of Customs and Excise.

Certain Rates of Strength by Sikes's Hydrometer shall be substituted in Room of others herein mentioned.

C .28.

Kingdom called Ireland, shall be in full Force, and applied in all respects as to the said Hydrometer called Si let's Hydrometer, as fully and effectually, as if the same were hereby particularly re-enafted as to such last mentioned Hydrometer.

' III. And Whereas the Strengths of Spirits denoted by the said

* Hydrometer called Siler's Hydrometer, according to the Tem-

perature thereof, have been, under the Direction of the Com-4 missioners of Excise for England, set down in a Table intituled 4 44 A Table of the Strengths of Spirits denoted by Siler's Hydro-4 44 meter, " and which said Table has been and is lubfcribed by the 4 Hand of the Right Honourable Nicholas VanRttart Chancellor of 4 the Exchequer, and lodged with the Commimoners of Excise for 4 England; and it is expedient to make such Provision for and in 4 respect thereof as is hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enacted. That the Strengths of Spirits so set down in the said Table shall, in and throughout the said United Kingdom, be deemed and taken to be true and just, and that the said Table shall on all necessary or convenient Occasions be used by every Officer and Officers of His Majesty's Revenues of Customs and Excise respectively, in and throughout the said United Kingdom, for the Purposes in that behalf aforesaid, and the Results of such Use shall on all Occasions be deemed and taken to be accurate and just Results.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in all such Trials of the Strength of any Spirits by any Officer or Officers of Customs or .Excite, with the said Hydrometer called Siler's Hydrometer, in any Part of the said United Kingdom, the Strength of Twenty one per Centum above Proof denoted by the said Hydrometer called Siler's Hydrometer, shall be substituted and taken for the Strength of One to Four over Hydrometer Proof mentioned in any A A or Acts of Parliament' relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Customs or Excise in any Part of the United Kingdom in force immediately before the passing of this Act; and that in all such Trials as aforesaid the Strength of Nine per Centum above Proof denoted by the said Hydrometer called Siler's Hydrometer, shall in like manner be substituted and taken for the Strength of One to Nine over Hydrometer Proof mentioned in any such Act or Acts; and that in all such Trials as aforesaid, the Strength of Seven per Centum above Proof denoted by the said Hydrometer called Siler's Hydrometer, shall in like manner be substituted and taken for the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof mentioned in any such Act or Acts; and that in all such Trials as aforesaid, the Strength of Thirteen per Centum under Proof denoted by the said Hydrometer called Siler's Hydrometer, shall in like manner be substituted and taken for the Strength of One in Eight under Hydrometer Proof mentioned in any such Act or Acts; and that in all such Trials as aforesaid, the Strength of Fifteen per Centum under Proof denoted by the said Hydrometer called Siler's Hydrometer, shall in like manner be substituted and taken for the Strength of One to Six under Hydrometer Proof mentioned in any such Act or Acts; and that in all such Trials as afose-said, the Strength of Seventeen per Centum under Proof denoted by the said Hydrometer called Siler's Hydrometer, shall in like manner be substituted and taken for the Strength of One in Six under Hydrometer Proof mentioned in any such Act or Acts; and that in all such Trials as aforesaid; the Strength of Twenty two f per

58° GEO. III.

C. 28.

63

per Centum under Proof denoted by the said Hydrometer called Sikes's Hydrometer, shall in like manner be substituted and taken for the Strength of One in Five under Hydrometer Proof mentioned in any such Act or Acts; and that in all Accounts to be taken under or by virtue of any such Act or Acts, by any Officer or Officers of Excise, of the Stock of Briti/b Brandy, redified Briti/b Spirits, Raw Briti/b Spirits, Compounds, or other Briti/b Spirits of any Redifier or Redifiers, or Compounder or Compounders of Spirits, all and every such Stock and Stocks, shall be taken and computed at the Strength of Twenty eight and Two thirds per Centum under Proof by the said Hydrometer called Si bee's Hydrometer, in lieu and in (lead of calling and computing the same at the Strength of One in Three and Three fourths under Hydrometer Proof mentioned in any such Act or Acts; and that all Briti/b Spirits of a greater or higher Degree of Strength than Forty two per Centum above Proof denoted by the said Hydrometer called Sikes's Hydrometer, shall be deemed and taken to be Spirits of Wine within the Meaning of all and every such Ad and Acts; and that all and every Penalty and Forfeiture, Penalties and Forfeitures, Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Conditions, matters and things in any such Act or Acts mentioned or contained, touching or relating to any Spirits of the aforesaid Strengths, or any of them, by the said Hydrometer called Clarke's Hydrometer, shall remain and be in force, and shall be incurred, applied, observed and exercised respectively, in as full and ample manner to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, with respect to Spirits of the aforesaid Strengths respectively by the said Hydrometer called Sikes's Hydrometer lo substituted for them as aforesaid, as if such last mentioned Strengths respectively had been originally inserted in and made Part of such Act or Acts, m lieu of the said Strengths respectively by Clarke's Hydrometer for which the same are hereby respectively substituted: Provided always, that if the Strength of any Spirits manufactured and imported from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland into that Part of Great Britain called England as aforesaid, shall, upon Trial by any Officer or Officers of Excise in England, by the said Hydrometer called Sikes's Hydrometer, be denoted to be greater than that of Seven per Centum above Proof, and the Strength thereof shall not exceed Ten per Centum above Proof, then and in such Case the said Spirits shall not be forfeited, but shall be charged with a further Duty proportioned to their said Surplus Strength.

V. And be it further enacted. That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by such Ways, Means or Methods as any Fine* Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture dull be to His Majesty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the same.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted. That any Spirits the re-spective Strengths of which shall have been taken and ascertained in Ireland pursuant to the Directions of the said recited Act of the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, shall not be liable

to

British Spirits higher then 4* per Cent, deemed Spirit* of Wine.

Penalties, Sec. relating to Clarke'i Hydrometer shall be applicaUe to Sikes's.

Scotch Spirits imported into England having Strength greater than 7 and not exceeding io per Cent, above Proof, not forfeited, but charged with a proportionate Duty.

Penalties how to be levied.

Irish Spirits, the Strength of which has been ascertained under 56 O. 3.

64

58° GEO. III,

A.D.1818.

c. 14a not liahh to Forfeiture on Account of an Excess of Strength.

Commencement of Act, so far at relates to Ireland.

Act may be altered, &c. this Session.

Feet, &e. for Pardons to be paid by the Treasury.

The Instrument exempt from Stamp Duties.

C. 28, 29, 80.

to be forfeited or seized; nor shall any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture be incurred in respect of any such Spirits (not being liable to Forfeiture for any other Cause) tor or by reason of any Excess which; upon any Trial of the Strengths of lucb Spirits to be made by any Officer of Customs or Excise in Great Britain or Ireland under the Provisions of this Act, shall or may appear above or beyond the Strengths of such Spirits which have been so previously taken and ascertained as aforesaid; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act and the several Provisions therein contained, so far as relates to Ireland, shall commence and take effect on the Expiration of Ten Days next after the passing thereof, and not sooner.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for regulating the Payment of Fees for Pardons under the Great Seal. [23d May 1818.]

* TT 7 HERE AS it is expedient that the Ex pences incident to

* VV a Pardon granted by the Crown (houid no longer be *pay-

* able and paid by or on behalf of the Person or Persons in whose«Favour or to whom such Pardons shall be granted»' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commmons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by .the Authority of the same. That from and after the passing of this Act, no Fee, Gratuity or other Dues paid or payable for or in respect of any Grant of a Pardon by His Majesty, His Heirs and Suc-cefibrs, or for or in respect of any Letters Patent, Charter, Warrant, Bill, Docket or other Instrument appertaining thereto, or the Transcript of any such Instrument, shall be paid or payable by or on behalf of the Person or Persons in whose Favour or to whom such Pardon shall be granted; but that all Fees which are now paid and payable for the granting and passing of any such Pardon or Pardons, shall be paid by the Lords Comroiffioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in the same manner and by the lame Persons as other Law Expences on behalf of-His Majesty are paid.

II. And be it further enacted. That from and after the passing of this Act, no such Letters Patent, Charter, Warrant, Bill, Docket, Instrument or Transcript as aforesaid, shall be subject to or liable to be charged with any Stamp Duty or Duties whatever.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for preventing frivolous and vexatious Actions of Assault and Battery, and for slanderous Words, in Courts.

[23d May 1818.]

WHEREAS it is desirable to prevent, as much as may be, frivolous and vexatious Actions and Suits of Assault and Battery, and for slanderous Words, in inferior Courts; Be it therefore enacted

by

A t

58° GEO. III.

C. 30, 31.

65

by The King's Moll Excellent Mriefly, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefect Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the passing of this Act, in all Actions or Suits of Tfefpafa for Assault and Battery, to be commenced in any Court having, or which by His Majesty's Writ of Juftuies may have Jurif-diction to hold Pleas in Actions or Suits to the Amount of Forty Shillings, (other than His Majesty's Courts at Westminfler% the Court of Great Selfions for the Principality of Walee, the Court of Great Sessions for the County Palatine of Chejler% the Court of Common Pleas for the County Palatine of Laneajler, or the Court of Pleas for the County Palatine of Durham, ) if the Jury upon the Trial of the Issue in such Act ion, or the Jury that shall inquire of the Damages, do find or afiefs the Damages under Forty Shillings, then the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Suit shall* have and recover only so much Cods as the Damages so given or afiefied amount unto, without any further Increase of the same; any Law, Statute, Custom or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That in all Actions or Suits of Assault and Battery, or for slanderous, Words, to be sued or prosecuted in any Court whatsoever which hath not Jurisdiction to hold Plea to the Amount of Forty Shillings, in such Actions or Suits, if the Jury upon the Trial of the Issue m such Action or Suit, or the Jury that mall inquire of the Damages do find or afiefs the Damages under Thirty Shillings, then the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Suit shall have and recover only so much Cods as the Damages so given or afiefied shall amount to, without any further Increase of the same; any Law, Statute, Cudom or Usage to the contrary notwith-danding.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifty third Tear of His Majesty's Reign, to make further Regulations for the building and repairing of Court Houses and Sefiions Houses in Ireland. [23d May 1818.]

* \T7 HEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty third Year of His

* W Majesty's Reign, to make further Regulations for the

* building and repairing of Court Houses and Selfions Houses in

* Ireland: And Whereas it is expedient that the same should be

* amended as hereinafter provided Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That in all Cases in which any Pref^ptment hath been or shall be made for building, rebuilding, enlarging or repairing any Court House whatsoever m Ireland, and no Agreement hath been or shall have been made for the Purchase of any House, Building, Land, Tenement or Hereditament which hath been or shall bethought by the Grand Jury by whom such Presentment shall have been made, or by any subsequent Grand Jury competent to make such Presentment, proper to be purchased for the Purposes of such Presentment, and that such Grand Jury shall thereupon direct that the same be purchased by or under the Valuation of a Jury, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Com-

58 Geo. III. F missioners

In Act inns c»f Trefpnfs for Af-fault, in inferior Courts, if Damages are given under 40s. PlantifTto recover only lb much Colts at Damages so given.

In Courts not holding Plea to the Amount of 40s. if the Jury assess Damages under 3CB. Plaintiff to recover only Cods to the Amount of Damages given.

Si G.3. c.131.

In *afe« of Pre-> fentment for building, 9tc. Court Houses, and Purchases directed to be made under the Valuation of a Jury, the Commissioners under recited Act to issue their Warrant to the

58d GEO. III.

A. 1X1818.

Shetiff, and the same Proceedings shall take place as directed by 50 G.3. c. 103.

When Court Horifes shall be boilt or enlarged within a County of a City or Town, where Affixes, fcr. have usually been held such Court Ho life shall be deemed Part of County at large.

Act may be altered, &c. this Session.

55 0.3. c.48. I*.

C. 31, 32.

missioners appointed or to be appointed tinder the said recited Act, or any Three or more of them, to issue their Warrant to the Sheriff in manner directed by a certainAd passed in the Fiftieth Year of Hu Majesty's Reign, for repealing the several Laws relating to Prisons in Ireland, and for re-enading such of the Provisions thereof ai hare been found useful, with Amendments, and thereupon such and the like Proceedings shall and may be had and taken for summoning, impan-nelling and swearing Junes, and valuing the Premises (o directed to be purchased, and each and etery Part thereof respectively, and for obtaining the full Seifrn and Possession thereof, and a good Title thereto in the said Commissioners, and with and subject to all the same Rules, Regulations, Conditions and JurifdidioBS, as concerning any Premises to be purchased by such Valuation under the aforesaid Ad of the Fiftieth Year of His Nftjeffy's Reign as in the said Act provided, and the said Commissioners shall in that behalf have, possess and exercise all and every the same and the like Powers and Authorities as by the said Act kft mentioned are granted to and vested in the Commissioners therein mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That wherever any Court House of or for any Couuty at large in Ireland shall have been built or enlarged pursuant to the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year of His Majesty's Reign, and of this Act, or of either of them, or otherwise, then if such Court House, or the Addition so then made thereto, shall be within a County of a City or County of a Town wherein the Affixes or^Commissions of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery for such County have ufuaSy fat or been held, then every such Court House*which shall have been so built or enlarged, and all Additions so thereto made, and Appurtenances therewith occupied, shall be deemed and taken to be Part and Pared of the County at large for which the same shall have been so built as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered or repealed by any Ad to be made in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. xxm

An Act to amend so much of an Act of the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Salaries of Clergymen officiating as Cnaplains in Houses of Correction.

' [23d May 1818/f

* YT7 HERE AS by an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of His

* VV present Majesty's Reign, intituled an A8 for enlarging the 4 Powers of Two jiQs of Hu present Majesty, for providing Clergy^

* men to officiate as Chaplains in Gaols and ffaujhs of CorreSton within 1 England and Wales, it was enacted, jLhat no Salary to be assigned

* to any Clergyman for officiating in any House of Correction should

* exceed Fifty Pounds a Year: And Whereas it has been found im-4 possible, in divers Cases, to provide Clergymen who are fit and will* 4 ing to undertake the Duties of the said Office of Chaplain to

* Houses of Correction for (o small a Salary: And Whereas it is 1 therefore expedient that.Powers should be given to the Joffices of 4 the Peace in their Quarter Sessions to assign a larger Salary to 4 Clergymen officiating in such Capacity 5* Be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent

14 of

58 GEO. III.

67

C.82, 53.

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affembied, and by the Authority1 of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace of the federal Counties of England and Wales, in their Quarter Sessions refpe&-ively, to assign any larger Salary than the said Salary of Fifty Pounds a Year, to Clergymen officiating as Chaplains in Houses of Correction t Provided always, that in no Case such Salary shall exceed the Sum of One hundred Pounds a Year.

If. And be it further eni&ed. That Should the said Justices of the Peace er the major Part of them afleinbled at their General Quarter Sessions think proper, in purfoance of the Act of the Fifty fifui Year of His present Majesty, to appoint Oner Person to officiate as Chaplain to the Gaol and House of Correction, that they be authorised to allow such Chaplain a Salary not exceeding One hundred and Fifty Pounds.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act to alter the Allowance for broken Plate Glass, and to i exempt Manufacturers of certain Glass Wares from Penalties

for not being lieenfed. [23d May 1818.]

: *WHEREAS by an Act made in the Fifty sixth Year of the

1 4 VV Reigfo of His prefect Majesty, amongst other Things, to

* alter the Drawbacks on Plate Glass, and to prevent Frauds therein,

! 4 it was enacted, that any Maker or Makers of Plate Glass ho {hould

| 4 break to Pieces in the manner therein mentioned any Number of

! 4 such Plates of unground and unpolilhed Plate Glass as therein men-

4 tioned, should thereupon be allowed out of the Duties growing and'4 becoming due and payable from such Maker or Makers respectively

4 for Plate Glass, after the Rate of Four Pounds Eighteen Shillings 4 for every Hundred Weight of such Glass so broken to Pieces: 4 And whereas such Allowance is excessive, and it is expedient to 4 repeal the same and grant a different Rate of Allowance* in lieu

* thereof f Be k therefore enacted by The King's Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

I and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

I and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the passing of this A6fc, the Allowance hereinbefore recited shall be and the same is hereby repealed f and that in lieu thereof every such Maker and Makers as aforesaid shall be allowed, for every One hundred Pounds

* Weight of such Plates of Plate Glass as in the said recited A 61 are

' in that behalf mentioned, so broken in Pieces as therein mentioned,

[ One hundred and ten pounds Weight, and so in proportion for any

s lefs Quantity, out of the Gross Weight of Metal, as ascertained by

\ Gauge, (evolutive of the Quantity of Glass required by Law to be

* left la the Bottom, } contained in any Pot or Pots of Metal that

* may be then depending, or out of any Pot or Pots of Metal of a

I fubfequent Making of Plate Glaft by any such Maker or Makers as

j aforesaid; subject nevertheless te all and every the Provisoes, Condi-

\ dons and Regulations mentioned or prescribed in the said recited

i Act with respect to the Allowance hereby repealed, or the Plates

* of Glass or Breakage thereof for which such Allowance was thereby 1 diredlcd to be made.

» F 2 II. And

Justices in Sef-fions may assign a larger Salary, not to exceed 100I. a Year;

ami not exceeding X50L te Chaplains of Gaols and House* of Correction.

56 O.3. C.10S.

§ 5.

Allowance under recited Act repealed; and in lieu thereof an Allowance of 1 iolh. out of Grof* Weight of Metal for ioolb. broken in Pieces; subject to former Regulations.

C. 34.

58? GEO. III.

70

AJ). 18J8»

believe, such Sugar was produced from Muscovado Sugar imported firom His Majesty's Plantations in America^ or from Sugars the Produce of the East Indies, and that the several Duties payable thereon were duly paid at the time of importing the same; and the Exporter or Exporters of such Sugars shall then make Oath that such Sugars, being the Sugars for which such Bounty is {hen claimed, are the identical Sugars or Part thereof which were fold to him as aforesaid by such Refiner or Refiners; and before the Money due upon fuen Debenture or Debentures shall be paid, such Exporter or Exporters shall also make Oath that the said Sugars have been duly exported, His Majesty's /Searchers also certifying the shipping thereof, and all the Requisites of Law being Oath to be made duly complied with 5 .and whenever the Refioer or. Refiners of such by Refiner being Sugars (nail be the Exporter or Exporters thereof, he or they t9xporter. then maj5e Oath as well of the due Exportation of the same*

as of the several Particulars hereinbefore directed to be sworn by him or them (excepting what relates to the Sale of the said Sugars}. Regulations re- V. And be it further enacted, That all Sugar refined otherwise (ting to Claying than by the Operation of Claying, shall be entitled to the Bounties be rmrie?l° a^owe^ an<* mack payable by this Act, and the Table thereto annexed, be regarded. without regard to any Rules or Regulations relating to such Opera* tion of Claying; any thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary in any wise not withftan ding.

Bounty, &c. not VI. And be it further enacted, That nothing contained in an allowed on Sugar Act made in the Fifty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign exported to or for granting Bounties on Sugar refined otherwise than by Claying, oMi^S the* or *n l^8 extend or b* conftrued to extend to give or

Countervailing allow any Bounty, Drawback or Allowance on refined Sugar ex-Duties. ported from Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great

Britain, nor to alter or repeal any of the Countervailing Duties or Equivalent Drawbacks on refined Sugar exported from one Country to the other, granted and made payable under the Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, and the several other Acts relating to such Countervailing Duties and Equivalent Drawbacks in force in Great Britain and Ireland respectively.

Act not to aflFeft VII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act con*

the Deduction to tained shall extend or be construed to extend to alter or repeal the be mede from Dedudion to be made from the Bounty allowed on refined Sugar 8* ^xoorted w^en exported from any Part of the United Kingdom in any other inao/other than a British Vessel, owned, navigated and registered according than a British to Law, as directed by, an Act passed in the Forty third Year Veffal* of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for discon-

43 ** U* tinning certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar

c\q '*ffom Great Britain, ased for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties c* in Lieu thereofy until the Fifteenth Day of January One thousand

eight hundred and four; or by an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide more effectually for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland 5 and for allowing British Plant-atlon Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight.

Sugar (except VIII. And Whereas it is expedient to reduce the Quantity of Candy) may be refined Sugar required to be packed in each Package for Exportation to obtain the Drawback or Bounty; be it enacted. That the Drawback

58° GEO. III.

C. 34, 35, 38.

71

I

i

i

i

I

back or Bounty due on the Exportation of refined Sugar, from that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, shall he allowed and paid upon the Exportation of all refined Sugar (except Candy) when packed in Hogtneads, Calks or Cases, each of which shall contain Two Hundred Weight Avoirdunoif of such Sugar at the least; and also upon the Exportation from that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain of all Sugar called Candy, properly refined and manufactured, and free from Dirt and Scum, when packed in any Boxes or other Packages, each of which shall contain Fifty fix Pounds Weight Avoirdupois of such Sugar called Candy at the least; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

X. And be it further enacted. That this Act or any of the Pro-visions thereof may be amended, altered or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament*

TABLE to which this Act refers.

picked in Hog-fheads, Sec. containing aoolb. and Candy Sugar in Packages containing 5 61b.

Continuance of Ad,

which may be altered. Sec. this Session.

Bounty on refined Su/ar called Bastards, or refined Loaf Sugar broken in Pisces, or being ground or powdered Sugar. Bounty on other refined Sugar in Loaf complete and whole, or Lumps, duly refined, or on fucn Sugar pounded, craOied or broken, and on Sugar Candy. Additional Bounty on double refined Sugar.

Whatever may" be the Average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar - % 308. the Cwt. I 46s. the Cwt. 1 1 1 8s. the Cwt.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act to provide for the maintaining of the Royal Canal See 53 0.3.

from the River Liffiry to the River shannon in Ireland. c* f°la 0

Ca3d*<*iSi«.]" *

CAP.- XXXVI.

An Act to carry into Execution a Treaty made between His Majesty and the King of Spain9 for the preventing Traffic in Slaves. [28th May 1818.]

* TJ7HER.EAS a Treaty was made between His Majesty and Treaty, dated*

* VV His Catholic Majesty the King of Spain9 for preventing SePt'J}5*I1^*

* Traffic in Slaves, and signed at Madrid on the Twenty third r#c, leda

4 Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seventeen:

* And Whereas by the First Article of the said Treaty, His ' Catholic Majesty engaged that the Slave Trade shall be abohihed 1 throughout the entire Dominions of Spain on the Thirtieth Day of 4 May One thousand eight hundred and twenty 1 and that from and

F 4* 4 after

k

72

C.36.

58o GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

* after that Period it shall not be lawful for any of the Subjects of 4 the Crown of Spain to purchase Slaves, or to carry on the Slave 4 Trade on any Part of the Coast of Africa, upon any Pretext or in

* any manner whatever; provided however, that a Term of Five 4 Months from the said Date of the Thirtieth of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty shall be allowed for completing the

* Voyages of Vessels which (half have been cleared out lawfully pre-

* vioufly to the said Thirtieth of May: And Whereas it was by 4 the Second Article of the said Treaty agreed, that from and after 4 the Exchange of the Ratifications of the said Treaty, it shall not be

* lawful for any of the Subjects of the Crown of Spain to purchase 4 Slaves, or to carry on the Slave Trade on any Part of the Coast

* of Africa to the North of the Eauatar, upon any Pretext or in 4 any manner whatever; provided however, that a Term of Six 4 Months from the Date of the Exchange of the Ratifications of the

* said Treatjr shall be allowed for completing the Voyages of Vessels 4 which shall have cleared out from Spanish Ports for the said Coast 4 previously to the Exchange of the said Ratifications: And

* Whereas by the Third Article of the said Treaty, His Majesty

* engaged to pay in London, on the Twentieth of February One 4 thousand eight hundred and eighteen, the Sum of Four hundred 4 thousand Pounds Sterling to such Person as His Catholic Majesty 4 shall appoint to receive the same: And Whereas it was by the 4 Fourth Article of the Treaty agreed, that the said Sum of Four 4 hundred thousand Pounds Sterling is to be considered as a full 4 Compensation for all Losses sustained by the Subjects of His Ca-4 tholic Majesty, engaged in this Traffic, on account of Vessels cap-4 tured previously to the Exchange of the Ratifications of the said 4 Treaty, as also for the Losses which are a necessary Consequence of 4 the Abolition of the said Traffic: And Whereas it was in the Fifth 4 Article of the said Treaty declared and agreed, that every Traffic 4 in Slaves, which should be carried on under the Circumstances in 4 the said Article stated, should be considered as illicit; First, either 4 by Briti/b Ships, and under the British Flag, or for the Account 4 of British Subjects, by any Vessel, or iltoder any Flag whatsoever: 4 Secondly, by Spani/b Ships upon any Part of the Coast of Africa 4 North of the Equator, after the Exchange of the Ratifications 4 of the said Treaty $ provided however, that Six Months should 4 be allowed for completing the Voyages of Vessels conformably to 4 the Tenor of the Second Article of the fayl Treaty: Thirdly, 4 either by Spanish Ships and under the Spani/b Flag, or for the 4 Account of Spanish Subjedb, by any Vessel, or under any Flag 4 whatsoever, after the Thirtieth of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty, when the Traffic in Slaves on the Part of Spain 4 was declared by the said Treaty to cease entirely; and it was 4 by the said Article provided, that Five Months should be allowed 4 for the Completion of Voyages commenced in due time, conform-4 ably to the First Article of the said Treaty: Fourthly, under the 4 British or Spanish Flaz, for the Account of the Subjects of any 4 other Government: Fifthly, by Spani/b Vessels bound for any 4 Port not in the Dominions of His Catholic Majesty: And 4 Whereas by the sixth Article of the said Treaty, His Catholic 4 Majesty engages to adopt, in Conformity to the Spirit of the said 4 Treaty, the Measures which are befl calculated to give full and

€ complete

A.D.1818.

58° GEO. III.

C. 36.

7*

4 complete Effect to the laudable Objects thereof: And Whereas«it was by the Seventh Article of the said Treaty stipulated, that

* every Spanish Vessel which dial! be destined for the Slave Trade, on

* any Part of the Coast of Africa, where this Traffic (fill continues 4 to be lawful, mud be provided with a Royal PafTport, conformable 4 to-the Model annexed to the said Treaty, and which Model forms 4 an integral Part of the same, written in the Spanish Language with 4 an authentic Translation in English annexed thereto and figiied by 4 His Catholic Majesty, and countersigned by the Minister of Marine,

* and also by the Principal Naval Authority of the District, Station 4 or Port from whence the Vessel clears out, whether in Spain, or 4 in the Colonial Possessions of His Catholic Majesty: And Whereas 4 it was by the Eighth Article of the said Treaty agreed, that it 4 should be understood that this PafTport, for rendering lawful the 4 Voyages of Slave Ships, should be required only for the Continuation 4 of the Traffic to the South of the Line, and that those PafTport* 4 which were then issued, signed by the First Secretary of State of 4 His Catholic Majesty, and in Form prescribed by an Order of the 4 Sixteenth of December One thousand eight hundred and sixteen,

< should remain in full Force for all VcfTek which may have cleared 4 out for the Coast of Africa, as well to the North as to the South 4 of the Line, previously to the Exchange of the Ratifications of 4 the said Treaty: And Whereas it was also agreed and declared 4 by the Ninth Article of the said Treaty, that the Ships of War 4 of Hi* Majesty and of His Catholic Majesty, which should be pro-

* vided with special Inftru&iohs for that Purpose, as mentioned in 4 the said Treaty, may visit such Merchant Veffelsof the two Nations ' as may be suspected, upon reasonable Grounds, for having Slaves 4 on Board, acquired by an illicit Trade; and in the Event only of

* their finding Slaves on board, may detain and bring away such 4 Vessels, in order that they may be brought to Trial before the 4 Tribunals to be established for that Purpose, as specified in the said 4 Treaty $ and it was by the said Article provided, that the Com-4 manders of Ships of War of the Royal Navies of His Majesty and 4 His Catholic Majesty, who shall be employed in this Service, shall 4 adhere strictly to the exact Tenor of the Inftru&ions which they 4 shall receive for this Purpose; and His Majesty and His Catholic

* Majesty engaged mutually to make good any Losses which the 4 Subjects of His Majesty and of His Catholic Majesty might refped-' ively incur unjustly, by the arbitrary and illegal Detention of their ' Vefleis, it being understood that this Indemnity shall invariably be 4 borne by the Government whose Cruizer shall nave been guilty of

* the arbitrary'Detention; provided always, that the Visit and De-4 tention of Slave Ships specified in the said Article shall only be 4 effected by those British or Spanish Vessels which may form Part of ' the two Royal Navies, and by those only of such Vessels which 4 are provided with the special Iitftru&ions annexed to the said 4 Treaty: And Whereas it was also agreed by the Tenth Article of 4 the said Treaty, that no British or Spanish Cruizer shall detain any 4 Slave Ship not having Slaves actually on board, and that in order 4 to render lawful the Detention of the Ship, whether British or

< Spanish, the Slaves found on board such Vessel must have been 4 brought on board the Vessel for the exprefe Purpose of the Traffic, 4 and those on board of Spanish Ships must have been taken from that

* Part

Ik

74

C.SG.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

< Part of the Coast of Africa where the Slave Trade ia prohibited,

* conformably to the Tenor of the said Treaty: and it was also agreed 4 by the Eleventh Article of the said Treaty, that all Ships of War 4 of the two Nations which shall hereafter be destined to prevent 4 the illicit Traffic in Slaves, shall be furniftied with a Copy of the ' Instructions annexed to the said Treaty, and considered as an integral 4 Part thereof, with a Proviso nevertnelefs in the said Treaty, that 4 His Majesty and His Catholic Majesty, with mutual Consent, may 4 alter the Inftru&ions in whole or in part, according to Circum-4 fiances. And Whereas it was also by the Twelfth Article of the 4 said Treaty provided, in order to bring to Adjudication, with the 4 least Delay and Inconvenience, the Vessels which may be detained 4 for having been engaged in an illicit Traffic of Slaves, that there 4 shall be established, within a Space of a Year at furthefi from the

* Exchange of the Ratifications of the said Treaty, Two mixed 4 Commimons, formed of an equal Number of Persons of the two 4 Nations, named for that Purpose by the respective Sovereigns; and ' that these Commissions shall reside, one in a Possession belonging 4 to His Majesty, the other within the Territories of His Catholic ' Majesty; one of which Commissions is stipulated by the said Treaty 4 to be always held upon the Coast of Africa, and the other in one of 4 the Colonial Possessions of His Catholic Majesty; and it was by the

< said Treaty provided, that the said Commimons shall judge the 4 Causes submitted to them without Appeal, and according to the 4 Regulations and Inftru&ions annexed to the said Treaty, which 4 said Inftra&ions were by the 'faid Treaty made, an integral Part 4 thereof: And Whereas the Inftru&ions nereinbefore referred to, 4 and annexed to the said Treaty as Part thereof, relating to the

* British and Sfani/b Ships of War employed to prevent illicit Traffic 4 in Slaves, did in several Articles provide, First, That every Briii/h

or Spawjb Ship of War shall, *in conformity with Article Nine of

**ive a Right to visit the Merchant Ships of either of

ons sftually engaged or suspected to be engaged in the Slave Trade; and if any Slaves shall be found on board, according to the Tenor of the Tenth Article of the Treaty; and as to what regards the Sfani/h Vefleis, if there shall be Ground to suspect that the- said Slaves have been embarked on a Part of the Coast of Africa where the Traffic is no longer permitted, conformably to the said Treaty; and in such Cases alone, the Commander of the said Ship of War may detain such Merchant Ship or Vessel, and shall, as soon as possible, bring the same for Judgment before such of the Two mixed Commissions appointed by the Twelfth Article of the said Treaty, which shall be the nearest or which the Commander of the capturing Ship shall, upon his own Responsibility, think he can soonest reach from the Spot where the Slave Ship shall have been detained: and it was provided, that Ships on board of which no .Slaves shall be found, intended for the Purposes of Traffic, shall not. be 'detained on any Account or Pretence whatsoever; and that Negro Servants or Sailors found on board any such Vefleis, shall not in any case be deemed a sufficient Cause for Detention: and it was also provided by the Second Article of the said iaft mentioned Iaftru&ions, that no Spamfb Merchantman or Slave Ship shall, on any Pretence whatever, be detained, which shall be found any wheoe near the Land, or on the High Seas South

4 of

A.D.13I8'

58* GEO. III.

C. 36,

of the Equator^ during the Period for which the Traffic is to remain lawful, according to the said Treaty, unless after a Chace that shall hare commenced North of the Equator: and it was also >rovided by the Third Article of the said lad mentioned Inftrue-ions, that Spani/h Vessels, furniihed with a regular Passport, having >lavee on board, shipped at those Parts of the Coad of Afrira where the Trade is permitted to Spani/b Subjects, and which shall afterwards be found North of the Equator, shall not be detained >y any Britj/h or Spani/b Ship of War, if such Spani/b Vessels can account for their Course, either in Conformity with the Pra&ice of the Spani/b Navigation, by fleering some Degrees to the Northward in search of fair Winds, or for other legitimate Causes, such as the Dangers of the Sea, duly proved; provided always, that with regard to all Slave Ships detained to the North of the Squalor, after the Expiration of the Term allowed, the Proof of the Legality of the Voyage is required to be furniihed by the Vessel so detained f on the other Hand, with respect to Slave Ships detained to the South of the Equator, in Conformity with the Stipulations of the preceding Article, the Proof of the Illegality of the Voyage is required to be exhibited by the Captor: and it was in like manner dipulated, that the Number of Slaves found on board a Slave Ship by the Cruizers, even if the Number should not agree with that contained in the Passport, shall not be sufficient Reason to justify the Detention of such Ship, but that the Captain and the Proprietor shall in such case be denounced in the Spani/b Tribunals, in order to their uni(hed according to uie Laws of the

Country: and it i > provided by the Fourth Article of the said last mentioned Inftractions, that every Spani/b Vessel intended to be employed in the legal Traffic of Slaves, in conformity with the Principles laid down in the said Treaty, shall be commanded bv a native Spaniard, and Two thirds at lead of the Crew shall likewiie be Spaniard* i and it was provided that the Spanyb or foreign Con-dru&ion of the Ship or Vessel shall in no wife affect the national Chara&er of the Ship or Vessel, and that the Negro Sailors shall always be reckoned as Spaniards, provided they belong as Slaves to Subjectsof the Crown of Spain, or that they have been enfrfur-chifed in the Dominions of His Catholic Majesty: and it was also provided by the Fifth Article of the said lad mentioned Indru&ioas, that whenever a Ship of War shall meet a Merchantman liable to be searched, it shall be done in the mod mild manner, and with every attention which is due between allied and friendly Nations; and in no Case shall the Search'be made by an Officer holding a Rank inferior to that of Lieutenant in the Navy of Great Britain or of Ensign of a Ship of the Line in the Spani/b Navy; and it was also provided by the Sixth Article of the said lad mentioned Iudnt&ions, that Ships of War which may detain any Slave Ship, in pursuance

of the Principles laid down in the said Inftru&ions, shall leave on board all the Cargo of Negroes untouched, as well as the Captain, and a Part at lead of the Crew of the Slave Ship.$ and that the Captain commanding the Ship of War detaining any such Slave Ship shall draw up in Writing fen authentic Declaration, which shall exhibit the State in which he found the detained Ship, and the Changes which may have taken place in such Ship, and shall also deliver to the Captain of the Slave Ship a signed Certificate of the

4 Papers

76

C.3 &

58° GEO. Iir.

A.D.181&

4 Papers seized on board the Vessel, as well as of the Number of 4 Slaves found on board at the Moment of Detention $ and it Is also 4 provided, that the Negroes on board of any such Ship shall not be

* disembarked until after the Vessel detained shall arrive at the Place 4 where the Legality of the Capture is to be tried by One of the Two

mixed Commissions, in order that in the Event of the Vessel not 4 being adjudged a legal Prize, the Loss of the Proprietors may be 4 more easily repaired; with Proviso, however, that if urgent Motives, 4 deduced from the Length of the Voyage, the State of Health of 4 the Negroes, or other Causes, require that they shall be disembarked 4 entirely or in part, before the Vessel can arrive at the Place of 4 Residence of One of the said Commissions, the Commander of the 4 capturing Ship may take on himself the Responsibility of such Dif-4 embarkation, provided that the Necessity thereof shall be dated in a 4 Certificate in proper Form: and it was also provided by the Seventh 4 Article of the said Inftru&ions, that no Conveyance of Slaves from 4 one Part in the Spantfly Possessions to another, shall take place, 4 except in Ships provided with Passports from the Spanj/b Govern-4 meat on the Spot for that Purpose: And Whereas the Regulations 4 for the mixed Commissions which are to reside on the Coast of 4 Africa, and in a Colonial Possession of His Catholic Majesty, and' 4 which were annexed to the said Treaty as Part thereof, have in 4 several Articles provided, First, That the mixed Commissions to be 4 established by the said Treaty upon the* Coast of Africa, and in a 4 Colonial Possession of His Catholic Majesty, shall decide upon the 4 Legality of the Detention of such Slave Vessels as the Ships of War 4 of both Nations shall detain, in pursuance of the said Treaty, for 4 carrying on an illicit Commerce m Slaves, and shall judge without 4 Appeal, according to the Letter and Spirit of the. said Treaty;

4 and that the said Commissions shall give Sentence as summarily as 4 possible, and decide (as far as they shall find it pra&icable) within 4 the Space of Twenty Days, to be dated from the Day upon which 4 every detained Vessel shall have been brought into the Port where 4 they shall reside, first, upon the Legality of the Capture, and fe-4 condly, in the Case in which the captured Vessel shall have been 4 liberated, as to the Indemnification to be paid for the Capture and 4 Detention; and it is by the said Regulations provided, that no 4 final Sentence shall be delayed on account of the Absence of Wit-4 neffes, or for want of the Proofs, beyond the Period of Two 4 Months, except upon Application of any of the Parties interested,

4 when, upon their giving fatrefa&ory Security to charge themselves 4 with the Expence and Ri(ks of the Delay, the Commissioners may,

4 at their Diforetion, grant an additional Delay, not exceeding Four 4 Months: and it was also by the Second Article of the said Regu-4 lations provided, that the said mixed Commissions, which are to 4 reside on the Coast of Africa, and in the Colonial PoffeffioMof His 4 Catholic Majesty, shall be composed in the following manner; that 4 is to say, that His Majesty and His Catholic Majesty shall each of 4 them name a Commissary Judge and a Commissioner of Arbitration, 4 who shall be authorized to near and decide, without Appeal, air 4 Cases of Capture of Slave Vessels which, in pursuance of the Sti-4 pulation of the said Treaty, may be laid before them; and it was also 4 provided, that all the efiential Parts of the Proceedings carried on 4 before the said mixed Commissions, shall be written down in the legal

4 Language

A. D. 1818*

58* GEO, HI

C. 86.

77

Language of the Country in which the Commission may reticle f and it was also thereby provided, that the Commissary Judges and the Commissioners of Arbitration shall make Oath in Presence of the principal Magi ft rate of the Place in which the Commission may reside, to judge fairly and faithfully, to have no Preference either for the Claimants or the Captors, and to ad in all their Decitions in pursuance of the Stipulations of the Treaty; and it was also thereby provided, that there shall be attached to each Commission a Secretary or Regiftrar appointed by the Sovereign of the Country in which the Commission may reside, who shall register all its Acts, and who, previous to his taking charge of his Office, shall make Oath in Presence of at least One of the Commissary Judges, to con-dud himself with respect for their Authority, and to ad with Fidelity in all the Affairs which may belong to nis Charge: and it was -alfo provided in the Third Article of the said Regulations, that the Form of the Process shall be as follows; that is to say, the Com-miffary Judges of the Two Nations shall, in the first Place, proceed, to the Examination of the Papers of the Vessels, and receive the Depositions on Oath of the Captain, and of Two or Three at least of the Principal Individuals on board of the detained Vessel, as well as the Declaration on Oath of the Captor, should it appear necessary in order to be able to judge and to pronounce if the said Vessel has been justly detained or not according to the Stipulations of the Treaty, in order that, according to their Judgment, the Vessel may be condemned or liberated, and in the Event of the Two Commissary Judges not agreeing upon the Sentence, whether as to the Legality of the Detention, or the Indemnification to be allowed, or upon any other Question which might result from the Stipulations of the Treaty, they shall draw by Lot the Name of One.of the Two Commissioners of Arbitration, who, after having con-tidered the Documents of the Process, shall consult with the Commissary Judges upon the Case in Question, and the final Sentence shall be pronounced conformably to the Opinion of the Majority of the Commissary Judges ana of the-Commissioner of /Arbitration so chosen; and it wa9 also provided by the Fourth Article of the said Regulations, that as often as the Cargo of Slaves found on board of a Spani/h Slave Ship shall have embarked from any Point whatever of the Coast of Africa where the Slave Trade continues to be lawful, such Slave Ship shall not be detained on Pretext that the above mentioned Slaves have been brought originally by Land from any other Part whatever of the Continent; and it was also provided by the Fifth Article of the said Regulations, that in the authenticated Declaration which the Captor shall make before the Commission as well as in the Certificate of the Papers seized, which shall be delivered to the Captain of the captured Vessel at the time of the Detention, the Captor shall state and declare his Name, and the Name of his Vessel, as well as the Latitude and Longitude of the Place where the Detention shall have taken place, and the Number of the Slaves found living on board the Slave Ship at the time of the Detention; and it was alio provided, by the Sixth Article of the said Regulations, that as soon as any Sentence shall have been passed, the detained Vessel, if liberated, and what may remain of the Cargo, shall be restored to the Proprietors, who shall, before the same Commission, claim a Valuation

' of

78

C. 36.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

* of the Damages which they may have a Right to demand; and 4 that the Captor himself, and in his default, the Government to

* which the Captor shall belong, shall remain responsible for fach

* Damages, which the said Governments respectively bind themselves 4 to defray, within the Term of a Year from the Date of* the 4 Sentence, it being understood that all such Indemnifications shall 4 be at the Expence of the Government of which the Captor shall be 4 a Subject; and it was also by the Seventh Article of the said Regu-

* lations provided, that in case the Condemnation of any Vessel for an 4 unlawful Voyage, the Vessel shall be declared lawful Prize, as 4 well as her Cargo, of whatever Description it may be, with the 4 Exception of the 'Slaves who may be on board, as Objects of 4 Commerce; and the said Vessel, as well as her Cargo, shall be sold 4 by public Sale, for the Profit of the Two Governments; and as to 4 the Slaves, they shall receive from the mixed Cominifiion a Certi-4 ficate of Emancipation, and shall be delivered over to the Govern* 4 ment on whose Territory the Coromifiion which shall have so judged 4 them shall be established, to be employed as Servants or free La-4 bourers; and it was also further provided by the Eighth Article of 4 the said Regulations, that every Claim for Compensation of Lodes, 4 occasioned by any Ships being infpe£ted and detained, as carrying 4 on an illicit Trade in Slaves, but not afterwards condemned as 4 lawful Prize by the mixed Commissions, shall be also heard and

* judged by the said Commissions, in the Form provided by the 4 Third Article of the said Regulation; and in all Cases wherein 4 Restitution shall be so decreed, the Commission shall award to the 4 Claimant or Claimants, or his or their lawful Attorney or Attornies, 4 for his or their Use, a just and complete Indemnification for all 4 Cods of Suit, and for all Lodes and Damages, which the Claimant 4 or Claimants may have actually sustained by such Capture and De* 4 tendon; that is to say, in case of Total Loss, the Claimant or 4 Claimants shall be indemnified, first, for the Ship, her Tackle, Ap* 4 parel and Stores; secondly, (brail Freight due and payable; thirdly, 4 for the Value of the Cargo of Merchandize, if any; fourthly, for 4 the Slaves on board at the time of Detention, according to the 4 computed Value of such Slaves at the Place of Dedication, de-4 du&ing therefrom the usual fair average Mortality, for the unexpired 4 Period of the regular Voyage, deducing also for all Charges and 4 Expences payable upon the Sale of such Cargoes, including Com* 4 million of Sale; and fifthly, for all other regular Charges m such 4 Cases of Total Loss; and in all other Cases not of Total Lob, the 4 Claimant or Claimants shall be indemnified, first, for all fpedal Da-4 mages and Expences occasioned to the Ship by the Detention, and 4 for the Loss of Freight, when due or payable; secondly, a De-4 murrage, when due, according to the Schedule annexed to the said 4 Eighth Article; thirdly, a daily Allowance for Subfiftenoe of 4 Slaves, of One Shilling or Four Reals and Half de Vor, for each 4 Person, without diftinSion of Age or Sex, for so many Days aa it 4 shall appear to the Commission that the Voyage has been or may 4 be delayed by reason of such Detention; as likewise, fourthly, for 4 any Deterioration of Cargo or Slaves; fifthly, for any Diminution 4 in the Value of the Cargo of Slaves, proceeding from an uereafed 4 Mortality beyond the average Amount of the Voyage, or from 4 Sickncb occasioned by Detention, this Value to be afcertained

A. D. 1818.

58* GEO. III.

C. 36.

79

I

by their commuted Price at the Place of Deftmation, at in the above Case of Total Loss; fixthlv, an Allowance of Five per Centum on the Amouut of the Capital employed in the Purchase and Maintenance of Cargo, for the Period of Delay occasioned by the Detention; and, seventhly, for all Premium or Insurance on additional Risks; and the Claimant or Claimants shall likewise be entitled to Interect, at the Rate of Five per Centum per Annum* on the Sam awarded, until paid by the Government to which the capturing Ship belongs; the whole Amount of such Indemnifications being calculated in the Money of the Country to which the captured Ship belongs, and to be liquidated at the Exchange current at the time of Award, excepting the Sum for the Subsistence of Slaves, which shall be paid at par, as above stipulated; and to avoid as much as possible every Species of Fraud in the Execution of the said Treaty, it was agreed, that if it (honld be proved to the Conviction of the Com* miliary Judges of the Two Nations, and without having recourse to the Decision of a Commissioner of Arbitration, that the Captor hat been led into Error by a voluntary and a reprehensible Fault on the Part of the Captain of the detained Ship, in that case only the detained Ship shall not have the Right of receiving during the Days of her Detention, the Demurrage, stipulated by the said Eighth Article; and to the said Eighth Article a Schedule of Demurrage or daily Allowance was annexed, as follows; that is to say, for a Vessel of

fioo Tons to 120 indufive

121 ditto 151 ditto 171 ditto 201 ditto 221 ditto 251 ditto 270 ditto

150

170

200

220

4150

270

300

51

8

10

11

12 *

15 J

per Diem,

ditto -ditto -ditto -# ditto -ditto -ditto -ditto -

and so in proportion; and it was also by the said Ninth Article of the said Regulations provided, that when the Proprietor of a Ship suspected of carrying on an illicit Trade in Slaves, released in comequence of a Sentence of one of the mixed Commissions (or in the Case as above mentioned of Total Loss) shall claim Indemnification for the Loss of Slaves which he may have fullered, he shall in no case be entitled to claim for more than the Number of Slaves which his Vessel, by the Spani/b Laws, was authored to carry, which Number shall always be stated in his Passport; and it was also provided in the Tenth Article of (he said Regulations, that neither the Judges nor the Arbitrators, nor the Secretary of the mixed Commiffiaus, shall be permitted to demand or receive, from any of the Parties concerned in the Sentences which they shall pronounce, any Emolument, under any Pretext whatsoever, for the Performance of the Duties which are imposed upon them by the said Regulations; and it was also provided by the Eleventh Article of the fid Regulations, that if any Parties interested shall imagine they have Cause to complain of any evident Injnftice on the Past of the mixed Commissions, they may represent it to their refjpedive Governments, who reserve to themfelveB the Right of mutual Cor-rdpondence, for the Purpose of removing, when they rinnk fit, the Individuals who may compose these Commissions; and it was alio

* provided

80

C. 38.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

4 provided by the Twelfth Article of the said Regulations, that in 4 case of a VefTei being improperly detained under Pretence of the 4 Stipulations of the Treaty, and the Captor not being able to justify 4 himself, either by the Tenor of the said Treaty, or of the Inflruo 4 tions annexed to it, the Government to which the detained Vessel 4 may belong shall be entitled to demand Reparation, and in such case 4 the Government to which the Captor may belong binds itself to 4 cause Inquiry to b$ made into the Subject of the Complaint, and 4 to inflid upon the Captor, if he be found to have deserved it, a 4 Punishment proportioned to the Transgression which may have been 4 committed; and it was also by the Thirteenth Article of the said 4 Regulations agreed, that in the Event of the Death of One or more 4 of the Commissary Judges, or the Commissioners of Arbitration, 4 rompofing the above mentioned mixed Commifiions, their Posts Shall 4 be supplied ad interim in the following manner; that is, on the Part 4 of the British Gvotrnment, the Vacancies shall be filled successively 4 in the Coramission, which shall fit within the Pofieflions of His 4 Majesty, by the Governor or JLieutenant Governor resident in that 4 Colony, by the principal Magistrate of the same, and by the Secre-4 tary; and in that which shall fit within the Pofieflions of His 4 Catholic Majesty, it .was agreed, that in case of the Death of the 4 British Judge or Arbitrator there, the remaining Individuals of the 4 said Commission shall proceed equally to the Judgment of such Slave 4 Ships as. may be brought before them, and to the Execution of their 4 Sentence; and in such Case alone the Parties interested shall have the 4 Right of appealing from the Sentence if they think fit, to the Com-4 million resident upon the Coast of Africa; and the Government to 4 which the Captor shall belong shall be bound fully to make good 4 the Compensation which shall be due to them in case the Appeal be 4 decided in favour of the Claimants, but the Vessel and Cargo shall 4 remain during such Appeal in the* Place of Residence of the first 4 Commission before which they shall have been carried; and it was 4 thereby agreed, that on the Part of Spain the Vacancies shall be 4 supplied in the Possession of His Catholic Majesty by such Persons 4 of Trust at the Principal Authority of the Country shall appoint; 4 and upon the Coast of Africa, in case of the Death of any Spanish*Judge or Arbitrator, t^e Commission shall proceed to Judgment in 4 the lame manner as above specified, for the Commission resident in 4 the Possession of His Catholic Majesty, in the Event of the Brit'fb 4 Judge or Arbitrator; An appeal 'being in this Case likewise 4 allowed to the Commission resident in the Pofieffiou of His Catholic 4 Majesty, and in general all the Provisions of the former Case being 4 to be applied; and it was further agreed by the said Article, that 4 all Vacancies which may arise in the above mentioned Commissions, 4 from Death or any other Cause, should be supplied as soon as 4 pofiible; and in case that the Vacancy, of any of the Spanish Com-4 missioners in the Briti/b Pofieflions, or of the British Commissioners 4 in the Spanish Poflefiion, be not supplied at the End of the Term of 4 Seven Months for America, and of Twelve for Africa, the Vessels 4 which shall be brought to the said PofTeflions respectively shall 4 cease to have the Rignt of Appeal above stipulated: And Whereas 4 it is expedient and necessary that effectual Provision should be made 4 for carryipg into Execution the Provisions of the said Treaty ; * Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and

13 t with

81

with the Advice and Consent of the .Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefect Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That it shall be lawful for any Officers commanding any Ship of War of His Majesty, duly authorized in that behalf, and provided with Instructions according to the Provisions of the said Convention, to visit and search all Ships and Vessels which shall be suspected, upon reasonable Grounds, of having Slaves on board, acquired by an illicit Traffic, and to detain and bring to Adjudication all Snips, Vessels and Cargoes therein made subject to Detention and Condemnation, according to the Provisions of the said Treaty, and the Regulations and Instructions aforesaid.

II. And be h further enacted, That all Ships and Vessels belonging wholly or in part to His Majesty's Subjects, which shall be suspected upon reasonable Grounds of having Slaves on board, acquired bf an illicit Traffic, shall be and are hereby declared and made, according to the Ninth Article of the said Treaty, subject to the Visitation and Search of British or Sfantfb Vessels of War, duly authorized for that Purpose, according to the Provisions of the said Treaty; and that all Ships and Vessels belonging wholly or in part to His Majesty 9s Subjc£b, which shall be found having Slaves on board, acquired by an illicit Traffic, contrary td the Provisions of the Ninth and Tenth Articles of the said Treaty, so recited as aforesaid, and all Boats, Apparel, Furniture and Slaves belonging to such Ships or Vefleis, and all Cargoes therein, shall be and are hereby declared to be and made subject to the Search and Detention of Briti/b or Spanish Vessels of War duly authorized for that Purpose, according to the Stipulations of the said Treaty, and to Forfeiture according to the Provisions of the said Treaty, and of the Regulations and Inftruc-tionB thereunto annexed, and shall also be and are hereby made subject to the Adjudication of and to Condemnation or other Judgment by the CommifTary Judges and Commissioners to be appointed according to the Provisions of -the said Treaty, and to the Instructions ana Regulations annexed thereto, recited as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Warrant under His Royal Sign Manual, counter-figned by One of* His Majesty 9s Principal Secretaries of State fot* the time being, to appoint such Commissary Judges and Cpmmission-ers of Arbitration as are in and by the said Treaty, and Regulation thereto annexed, mentioned to be appointed by His Majesty, and from time t6 time to fnpply any Vacancies which may arise in such Offices, by appointing other Persons thereto, and to grant Salaries to fnch Commissary Judges and Commissioners of Arbitration as aforesaid, not exceeding such Annual Sums as the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty9* Treasury of Great Britain and Ireland shall from time to time direct; and Inch Commissary Judges and Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to examine and decide all fucH Cases of Detention, Captures and Seizures of Vessels and their Cargoes as aforesaid, detained, fetxed, taken or captured under the said Treaty or Instructions and Regulations, as are by the said Treaty, Instructions and Regulations, and by this Act, made subject to their Jurisdiction, and to proceed therein, and give such Judgments, and make such Orders therein, and do all other Acts, matters and things appertaining thereto, agreeably to the provisions of the said Treaty, and the Instructions and Regulations annexed thereto, as fully and*

58 Gxo. III. G effectually

Ships of War duly authorized may search fuf-pe&ed Vefleis, and detain and bring them to Adjudication. Snf' ected British VtflTeU, and all Boats, *<C. fub-j-4t to search by pamfh or British Vefleis, and to Forfeiture and to Condemnation by the Commissioners under the Treaty.

His Majesty may appoint and grant Salaries to Commissary Judges anti Co n-missioners of Arbitration.

Power of such Judges and Commissioners.

82

And also Secretary and Regif-trar, with Sab-riea; who are empowered to execute the Duties of their Offices according to the Treaty.

Governors, Ac. of Colonies may fill up Vacaocies io the Commission fitting in Coionics, ad interim.

Commissary Judges and CoramifTioners of Arbitration to take the follow, ing Oath.

Secretary or Re* giftrar to take the following Oath.

C. 36. 58° GEO. III. A.D. 1818.

effeftually to all Intents and Purpofee as if special Powers and Authorities for that Purpose were lpecifically and particularly ioferted and given in relation thereto in this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Warrant under His Royal Sign Manual, countersigned by One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for the time being, to nominate and appoint a Secretary or Regiftrar to the Commission which shall be eftahli(hed in His Majesty's Dominions, and from time to time to supply, by other Appointments, any Vacancy which may thereafter occur iu such Office, and to grant Salaries to such Secretary or Regiftrar, not exceeding fnch Annual Sum as the said Lords Commissioners shall from time to time direct; and such Secretary or Regiftrar is hereby respectively authorized and empowered to do, perform and execute all the Doties of such Office, and set forth and deferibe in the said Treaty, Instructions and Regulations respectively, and to dp, perform and execute all such Acts, matters and things as may be necessary for the due Discharge of the Duties of his Office, according to the Provisions of the said Treaty and Instructions and Regulations.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governor, or Lieutenant Governor, or principal Magistrate of the Colony or Settlement in which the Commission shall fit, within the PofTessions of His Britannic Majesty, to fill up every Vacancy which shall arise in such Commission, either of Commissary Judge, Commissioner or any Officer thereof, appointed by His Majesty as afore said, according to the Provisions contained in the Thirteenth Article of the before recited Regulations annexed to the said Treaty, ad interim^ until such Vacancy or Vacancies shall be thereafter filled by some Pcrfoq or Persons appointed by His Majesty for that Purpose.

VI. And be it further enacted. That every Commissary Judge and Commissioner of Arbitration appointed by His Majesty shall, before he shall enter upon the Execution of any of the Dutice of frtch his Office, take an Oath, in the Presence of the principal Magistrate then residing and acting in the Colony, Settlement or Place^ whether belonging to His Britannic or His Most Catholic Majesty, in which the Commission shall be appointed to reside j which Oath every such Magistrate in any Colony, Settlement or Place belonging to His Majesty, in which such Court or Commission shall be appointed to reside, is hereby authorized to administer in the Form following j that is to say,

* T A. B. do solemnly swear, That I will, according to the heft of 4 my Skill and Knowledge, aft in the Execution of my Office as

faithfully, impartially, fairly, and without Preference 4 or Fayour, either for Claimants or Captors, or any other Persons; 4 and that I will, to the best of my Judgment and Power, aft in pur* 4 fuance .of and according to the Stipulations, Regulations and In-4 ftruftions contained in the Treaty between His Majesty and His 4 Catholic Majesty signed at Madrid on the Twenty third Day of 4 September One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

4 So help me GOD.4

And every Secretary or Regiftrar appointed by His Majesty under the Provisions of the Treaty and Regulations and Instructions, and of this Act, shall, before he enters on the Duties of his ibid Office,

take

A.D. 1818.

58* GEO. III.

a 36.

83

take an Oath before the Brbtjb Commissary Judge as aforesaid, who is hereby empowered to administer the same, in the Form following; that ia to fay,

1 T A. B. do solemnly swear, That 1 will, according to the best of

* my Skill and Knowledge, ad in the Execution of my Office;

* and that I will conduct rayfelf with Respect to the Authority of

* the Commissary Judges and Commissioners of Arbitration of the

* Commission to which I am attached; and will ad with Fidelity ia 4 all the Affairs which may belong to my Charge, and without Pre-

* ference or Fayour, either for Claimants, or Captors, or any other

€ Persons. So help me GOD.'

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Cammifltry' Commissary Judges or either of them, or for any such Secretary or JudKei *nds-Regiftrar, and they are hereby respectively empowered, to administer c^7 Oaths to and take the Depoff tions of all Parties, Witnesses and other minister Oaths. Persons who may come or be brotaght before them to be examined, or for the Purpose of deposing, in the Course of any Proceeding before the said Commissary Judges, or before the said Commissary Judges and the Commissioner of Arbitration, in the Cases in which such Commissioners of Arbitration shall act with the said Commissary Judges under the said Treaty, Inilrudions or Regulations, or this Act; and it shallalfo be lawful for the said Commissary Judges aod Commissary Commissioners of Arbitration, in the Cases aforesaid, to summon Judges and before them all Persons whom they may deem it necessary or proper f^mmiihonw* to examine in relation to any Suit, Proceeding or matter or thing °*fummon1 under their Cognizance; and to fend for and iSue Precepts for the persons and call producing of all such Papers *as may relate to the Matters m question for Papers, &c. before them, and to enforce all such Summonfes, Orders and Precepts by such and the like Means, Powers and Authorities as any Court ot Vice Admiralty may do.

VIII* And l>e it further enacted. That every Person who shall wil- Persons riving folly and corruptly give false Evidence in any Examination or Depo- false Evidence fition had, or Affidavit taken, upon or in any Proceeding before the P"11? of Pcr" laid Commissary Judges or Commissioners aforesaid, under the said jury<

Treaty, Inilrudions or Regulations, of this Act, shall be deemed guilty of Penury, and being thereof convicted, shall be subject and Sable to all the Punishments, Pains and Penalties to which Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Peijury are liable; and every such Whert tried. Person may be tried for any such Perjury either in the Place where the Offence waa committed, or in any Colony or Settlement of .His near thereto, in which there is a Court of competent Jurif-didion to try any such Offence, or in his Majesty's Court of King's Bench in England; and that in case of any Prosecution for such Offence in His Majesty's said Court of King's Bench, the Venue may Venue, be laid in the County of Middlesex.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Pendency of any Suit Suit pending, or or Proceeding, instituted before the said Commissioners, for the Con- Judgment by damnation or Restitution of any Ship or Cargo, or Slaves, taken, seized or detained by virtue of the said Treaty, or Instructions or , given

Regulations thereto annexed, or the final Adjudication, Condem- in Evidence to nation or Judgment or Determination thereupon, may be pleaded in any A£Ho»

Bar, or gran in Evidence under'the General Issue, and Audi be and b1r.ous^t foriD/ be deemed and adjudged, in any Court whatever, to be a good and er

G 2 complete

84

C.36.

58# GEO. III.

A.D.181S.

Article in Treaty aa to the 400, cooL may be pleaded in bar of any Action for Reftitu-tion, &c.

1'rovifo for Jurtfdiction of Prise Count and Count of Appeal.

Proviso in case of Captors not ettaMUhing their Rights.

Proviso for Pe-mlties or Provisions in toy Ail

complete Bar, in any Action, Suit or Proceeding, whether brought or militated by any Person or Persons for the Recovery of any such Ship, Vessel or Cargo, or of any Damage, or for any Injury fuf-tained thereby, or by the Persons on board the same, in coDfeqnence of any Capture, Seizure or Detention, or Ad, matter or thing done under the Authority or in pursuance of the Provisions of the said Treaty, or of the Instructions or Regulations thereto annexed; any thing in any A d or Acts of Parliament or Law or Laws to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, stipulated to be paid by the said Treaty, and paid and accepted accordingly, as a full Coropenfation for all LolTea fuGained by the Subjects of His Catholic Majesty, on account of Vessels captured previously to the Exchange of the RatiGcation of the said Treaty, and for the Lofifes which are a necessary Conference of the Abolition of the said Traffic in Slaves, shall be con-Gdered and taken to be a full Compensation for all such Lofies as aforesaid; and that the said Stipulation, as in this Act recited and contained, may be pleaded in Bar, or given in Evidence upon the General Issue, and shall be and be deemed and adjudged in every Court whatever to be a good and complete Bar in any and every Action, Suit or Proceeding brought or in Git u ted for Reftitutioo, or any other matter or thing in relation to any such Capture, or for any Damage or Injury fuGained thereby, or in relation thereto, or for any such Lodes as aforesaid; any thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwitlmanding. *

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of Appeal in Prize Causes, and 'for the High Court of Admiralty in all Cases and Questions arising out of the said Captures, that may be depending before them, or that may be brought before them on Appeal from any Vice Admiralty Court, according to their respective Jurifdidions, to proceed therein; and to hear and determine all Questions respecting -any 'Right or Interest in or to the same, to which His Majesty, or the Captors or Seizors of such Ships, Vessels or Cargoes, may claim to be entitled, by reason of the Capture or .Seizure thereof, and the Laws relating thereto, and to enforce their Judgments and Orders therein, by the usual Process of the said Courts 5 any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in all such Cases as aforesaid, in which the Captors Seizors (haH not establish any Right or Interest on their behalf, by reason of the Capture thereof, and the Laws relating thereto, it shall.be lawful for the said Courts respectively to order and adjudge the Ships, Vessels and Cargoes, or the Proceeds thereof, and all and every Part thereof, unto or to which the Captors shall not establish any Right or Interest as aforesaid, to be delivered or paid, to the Use of His Majesty, to such Person or Persons as the said Comraiflionerg of His Majesty** Treasury for the time being shall appoint to receive the same, and to enforce the Delivery or the Payment thereof by the usual Pro. cess of the said Courts respectively; any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed in any wtfe to alter,

suspend,

k

A. D. 1818.

58° GEO. III.

85

G. 36, 87.

suspend, a(Fed, relax or repeal any of the Clauses, Penalties, Forfeitures

* or runifhments contained and enacted in any Act or Acts of Parliament

c made for the Soppression or Prevention of the Slave Trade; but that

* Jill such Acts of Parliament, and all Clauses, Regulations, Penalties,

* Forfeitures and Punishments therein respectively contained, Audi

* remain in full Force and Virtue; any thing in this Act contained to

1 the contrary notwithstanding.

e XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Adiori or Suit shall

s be'commeneed, either in Great Britain or elfewnere, against any Per-fon or Persons, for any thing done in pursuance of the find Treaty, z or Instructions or Regulations thereto annexed, or of this Act, the

* Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the

* General Issue, and give this Act as herein recited and the special

I Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the

II fame was done in pursuance. and by the Authority of the said Treaty,

* Inftrudions or Regulations, or of this Act; and if it shall appear

' so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defend-** ants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his

* Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or

3 if Judgment shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against

* the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as Defendants have in other

Cases by Law.

i

* CAP. XXXVIh

^ An Act for further continuing, until the Fifth Day of July One L thousand eight hundred and nineteen, an Act of the Forty

g fourth Tear of His present Majesty, to continue the Reftric-

j, tions, contained in several Acts of His present Majesty, on

Payments of Cacti by the Bank of England\ is r^8th May 1818.]

* WHEREAS it.is highly desirable that the Bank of England

t VV should, as soon as possible, return to the Payment of its

tk*Notes in Cash: And Whereas ati Ad was passed in the Forty

4 fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An 3 4 AS to continue, until Six Months after the Ratification of a Defi-

h 4 nitive Treaty of Peace, the RefiriSions contained in several ASs made

b 4 in the Thirty /eventb, Thirty eighth, Forty second and Forty third

4 Tears of the Reign of His present Majesty, on Payments of Cqfh

0 4 by the Bank of England; which Ad has by several fubfequent

3 4 Acts been continued until the Fifth Day of July One thousand

r 4 eight hundred and eighteen: And Whereas unforeseen Circum-

4 stances, which have occurred (ince the passing of the last of the said

ii 4 Acts, have rendered it expedient that the said Restrictions should

1 4 be further continued, and that another Period should be fixed for

& 4 the Termination thereof , * May it therefore please Your Majesty

that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's* Most ri Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Eii Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Par-c- Hament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said i Ad shall be and the same is hereby further continued until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

G 3

for Suppression of (he Slav* Trade.

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

44 O. 3.c. i.

continued.

9*

!fi

J

CAP.

86

C. 38.

38° GEO. III.

A.D.18I8.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act to extend and render more effectual the present Regulations for the Relief of Seafaring Men and Boys, Subjects of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland* in Foreign Parts. [28th May 1818.3

11 & ia W. 3. 4 WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth

c 7. § 18. 4 YV Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled

4 An Act for the more effcBual SupbreJJion of Piracy, it is enacted,

4 that in case any Mailer of a Merchant Ship or Vessel should, after 4 the Nine and twentieth Day of September One thousand seven 4 hundred, during his being Abroad, force any Man on Shore, or 4 wilfully leave him behind in any of His Majesty's Plantations or 4 elsewhere, or should refuse to bring Home with him again all such 4 of the Men which he carried out with him as should be in a Con-4 dition to return, when he should be ready to proceed in his Home-4 ward bound Voyage, every such Master mould, being thereof 4 legally convicted, suffer Three Months* Imprisonment without 4 Bail or Mainprize $ but no Mode of Prosecution is provided by the 4 said Act in case of Offences committed against the same For Remedy whereof be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the passing of this Alt all Offences committed against the said Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third shall and may be prosecuted by Indictment or Information, at the Suit of His Majesty's Attorney General, in His Majesty's Court of King's Bench at Westminster s and that in such Indictment or Information the Offence or Offences shall and may be alleged to have been committed at Westminster in the County of Middlefen; and that the said Court shall be and the same is nereby authorized to issue a Commission or Commissions for the Examination of Witnesses abroad, and that the Depositions taken under such Commissioa or Commissions shall be received in Evidence on the Trial of such In-di&ments and Informations respectively.

3xG.a, c.xa II. 4 And Whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty first Year 4 of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled 4 An AB for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal 4 Navy, and for establishing a regular Method for the punBucd, fre- 4 quent and certain Payment of their Wages, and for enabling them 4 more eajily and readily to remit the same for the Support of their 4 Wives and Families, and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attend-I *7* 4 ing such Payments, it is enabled, that every Master or Person having

4 Cnarge of a Merchant* Ship or Vessel that should arrive in Foreign 4 Parts, and be Homeward bound from thence to any Port in Great 4 Britain, should take on board such and so many Seafaring Men or* 4 Boys, Subjects of Great Britain, as (honld by Shipwreck, Capture 4 or other unavoidable Accident, be driven or cast away to, or 4 that should be discharged as unserviceable from any of the Ships or 4 Veffela of the Royal Navy, at Foreign Parts or Places where 4 Governors, Ministers and Consuls appointed by His Majesty, His 4 Heirs or Successors, should reffde, or where none such are reffdent,

4 where

Offences against the said Act to be prosecuted by Indictment or Information in the Court of King's Bench st West minder, Sec.

A. D. 1616. 50° GEO. III. C. 38. m7

* where Any Two or more British Merchants should reside, as the

* said Governors, Ministers, Conmls or Merchants should direct, not

* exceeding Four for each One Hundred Tons of which his Ship

* should consist; but no Penalty or Mode of Prosecution is imposed

* or provided by the said Act in case of Neglect or Refusal to obey

* the Directions therein containedFor Remedy whereof be it

enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, any Master or M«ftenof Vti-Person having the Charge of any Merchant Ship or Vessel belonging frk»foreign to any of His Majesty's Subieds that shall be or arrive in any such w

Foreign Parts, and be bound from thence to any Port in the United sLafrrWig Men Kingdom of Great Britain and Inland, and who shall be required being Hit Main Writing under the Hand or Hands of any such Governor, Mi* jesty't Subject*, nifter, Consul or Merchants, to take on board any such Seafaring exceeding Man or Boy, Men or Boys, being af Subject or Subieds of the said the Number*United Kingdom^! not exceeding the Number mentioned in the said "1 #

Ad, for the Pyrpofe of carrying and conveying him or them to the said Port in the said United Kingdom, ana who shall neglect and refuse to take on board or to carry and convey him or them accordingly, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One Psnaliy. hundred Pounds for each and every such Man or Boy whom he shall so refuse or neglect to take on board, and to carry and convey as aforefsnd, to be recovered by Information, at the Suit of His Majesty's How recover* 1. Attorney General, in His Majesty's Court of King's Bench or Exche-

Sr at Wijlntinjler; and that m such Information the Offence or ences shall and may be alleged to have been committed at Weft-minJUr ih the County of Middle/ex, and that the Court in which Tuch Information shall be brought shall be and the same is hereby authorized to issue a Commission or Coromissions for the Examination of Wit-neffes abroad, and that the Depositions taken under such Commission. or Commiflioas (hail be received in Evidence on the Trial of such Information.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Master or other Person Regulations to having Charge of any Merchant Ship or Vessel belonging to any of be observed in His Majefrpg Subjects shall leave any Seafaring Man or Boy on case of leaving Shore at any Foreign Port or Place, on account of Sickness or any Se*1fari, !K ^Jen Otto- lability to proceed on Voyage, emy such Master or " XSS.t'7 Pterion having die Charge of such Ship or Vessel shall defiver to the Sicknafs. Governor* Miaifter or Consul, if any there, or if not, then to Two respectable Merchants at such Port or Place, a true and just Account of theWages doe to such Seafaring Manor Boy, and pay the Anoint thereof, either in Money, Or by a Bill upon the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, to such Governor, Minister, Consul or Merchants, a* the Case May be j and iti default of his lb doing, or in eftfe of the Owner or Owners not accepting and paying such Bill when due* such Owner or Owners shall be liable toan Action for the Amount* with Interest at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum par-Anmmv to be brought in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Wffimit^er or Dublin, or in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Seatlandf at the Suit of the Holder or Holders of such Bill, at for Money had and received by such Owner or Owners to Ids or their Ufc | but* in case of Payment of such Wages being duly made as required by this Act, the (ante, when received by thd find Governor* Minister* Consul or Merchants* as the Case may be, shall be applied by him or them towards the Payment of nay Hdfpital Eg.

G 4 pences

58 GEO. III.

A. D. 1818,

C. 38, 39.

peaces of such Seafaring Man or Boy as aforesaid, (except the Charges for bis Subiiftence, ) and also towards the Payment of the Expences of Clothing, Bedding or other Necessaries that may be supplied to him, and the Remainder (if any) shall be paid to such Seafaring Man or Boy.

M«fterinegl«fl- IV. And be it further enacted, That if any such Master or other Account of** a0 ^>er^on having Charge of any such Ship or Vessel, and leaving any Wjges due to such Seafaring Man or Boy on Shore as aforesaid, shall neglect or

lucb Seafaring refufe to deliver a just and true Account of the Wages due to such

Paribas. Seafaring Man or Boy as aforesaid, and to pay the Amount thereof,

in Money, or by such Bill as aforesaid; or shall deliver a false Account of such Wages or Pay, less than the full and true Amount thereof in manner aforesaid; every such Master or other Person so offend-Penslty id, ing shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit by any Person or Persons who will sue for the same by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Wejt* minfier$ wherein no Effoign, Protection, Wager of Law or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and that in such Action, Bill, Plaint or Information, it shall be sufficient to allege that the Offence or Offences was or were committed at Westminster in the County of Middlesex; and that the Court in which such Action, Bill, Plaint or Information is brought, shall be and the same is hereby authorized to issue a Commission or Commissions for the Examination of Witnefies Abroad, and that the Depolitions taken under such Commission or Commissions shall be received in Evidence on the Trial of such Action, Bill, Plaint or Information respectively.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Tear of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the Law of Ireland respecting the Recovery of Tenements from absconding, overholding, and defaulting Tenants, and for the Protection of the Tenant from undue Distress.

[28 th May 1818.]

j6G.3 c.88., tttHEREAS an Aa passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the

4 W Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend 4 the Law of Ireland rejfrcBing the Recovery of Tenements /re* ab-

4 fconding, overholding and defaulting Tenants, and for the ProteSion 4 oft he Tenant from undue Difirefs: And Whereas Doubts have 4 arisen whether a Tenement which has been held by a Tenant at 4 the prrcife Rent of Twenty Pounds by the Year is within the Pro-4 visions of the said Act For Removal thereof, be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. Pi oceedingt mty That in all Cases where any Tenement shall have been held at a Rent ba ioftitoted of Twenty Pounds by the Year, it shall be lawful to proceed re-aaunft Tenants fpe&ing the said Tenement in the same manner as by the said Act is*etr' provided with respect to any Tenement which shall have been held at a less Rent than Twenty Pounds by the Year.

II. 4 And Whereat it hath been nfual io Proceedings by Way 4 of Civil Bill to insert the Civil Bill in the Proceft served upon the

4 Defendant,

A.D.lSia

58* GEO. IIL

C. 39.

89

4 Defendant, but H hath been doubted whether it is not neceffarr in 4 Proceedings under the said Act to file the Civil Bill with the Clerk 4 of the Peace previous to serving Process upon the Defendant: And 4 Whereas it is reasonable that the Proceedings by Way of Civil Bill

* under the said Act should be conformable, as nearly as possible, to 4 Proceedings by Way of Civil Bill in other Cases ? Be it therefore

further enacted. That in all Cases falling within the Provisions of the Proceedings by fiud Ad, the Service of the Civil Bill and Process thereon, in such way of Civil Forms as are contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, or in any Bill in other Forms to the like Effect, shall be as valid and effectual, to all , ht

Intents and Purposes, as the Service of any Civil Bill and Process fal A*thereupon now by Law is in any other Proceeding by Way of Civil Bill.

III.*And Whereas in Proceedings under the said Act for the*

* Recovery of the Possession of Lands or Tenements, Doubts have 4 arisen as to the Admissibility or Sufficiency in certain Cases of the 4 Affidavit of the Landlord or LefTor or his Agent, for afeertaiuing

4 the Amount of Rent due $' For Removal thereof, be it enacted. Affidavits of That in all Proceedings under the said Act, such Affidavit shall be Landlords or as admissible, and to all Intents and Purposes of the like Force and their Agents Efficacy, as it would have been if the Proceeding had been by Action of Ejedment.

IV. 4 And Whereas it is reasonable that in Proceedings for the 4 Recovery of the Pnffession of Lands or Tenements under the Pro-

4 vjfions of the said Act, the Power of enforcing the Attendance of '

4 Witnefies, whether on the Part of the Plaintiff or Defendant, should 4 be the same as if the Proceeding had been by Action of Ejedment Be it therefore enacted. That ix^ all such Proceedings as aforesaid, the Process ad Teflj£candum% signed by the Clerk of the Peace, shall contain the same Penalty, and be of the same Efficacy, for the Purpose of compelling the Attendance of any Witness, whether such Witness shall reside within the County or not, as any Subpana ad Teflificandum which might or could be sued out if the Proceeding had been by Action of Ejedment.

V. 4 And Whereas it is reasonable, in Cases where it may happen 4 that the Assistant Barrister of any County, or the Chairman of the 4 Session of the Peace of the County of Dublin, or the Recorder of 4 the County of the City of Dublin, is the Landlord or Lessor of any 4 Tenement within his own Jurisdiction, that Provision should be made 4 for extending to such Landlord or Lessor the Benefits of the said 4 Ad ; * Be it therefore enacted. That in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for such Landlord or Leflor to proceed by Way of Civil Bill respecting such Tenement, before any Judge of Assize who shall preside in the Civil Court of the County wherein such Tenement is situate, in the same manner as any other Lessor or Landlord might proceed, respecting any other Tenement, before such Assistant Barrister, Chairman or Recorder, as the CaTe may be.

VI. And be it further enacted, That an Appeal shall lie from any Decree of such Judge, upon such Civil Bill, £o the next going Judge of Assize, in the same manner, and subject to the same Restrictions,

Conditions and Limitations, as if the Decree had been pronounced by an Assistant Barrister.

VII. 4 And Whereas the Trouble of the Assistant Barristers,

4 Chairman of the Sessions of the Peace, and Recorder, and of the

4 Clerks

Attendants of WstnefTrs.

Assistant Barrister, or Chairman of Sessions, See. being a Landlord in his own Jurifdi&ioo, may proceed by way of Civil Bill before Judge of Affise.

ArpmL

C. 39.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

* Clerks of the Peace, and of the Attornies of the Parties, is mack

* greater in Proceedings for the Recovery of the Foffession of Lands

* and Tenements under the Provisions of the fasd Act, than in Cases

* of other Civil Bills; and it is reasonable that the Fees of the said 1 Persons upon such Proceedings should be increased Be it there*-

Feet to be taken fore further enacted, That the several Fees and Sums following, and by AfliiUat Bar- no greater Sums, shall be charged and taken from any Person filing or rifter, Sec. being sued upon any Civil Bill brought for the Recovery of the Possession of any Lands or Tenements:

To the Assistant Barrister, Chairman or Recorder, upon the Entry of the Ciwl BiU .

Upon every Affidavit - _

Upon every Recognizance and Bail taken on an Appeal For signing a Renewal - -

For signing a Decree or Dismiss - -

But no Charge to be made on the Second Copy thereof. For every Bill of Colts, where the same is a&uaily taxed by him between Attorney and Client - - -* -

To the Clerk of the Peace entering the Cause -

For signing, entering and recording every Decree or Dismiss For signing and entering every Renewal ... For entering the Verditt of a Jury -For the Recognizance of Bail and Certificate of Appeal lodged To the Plaintiff's Attorney, in lieu of all other Charges for taking Inftru&ions, drawing the Process, drawing Affidavit to verify entering the Cause, preparing for and attending the hearing and drawing up the.foecree - -

To the Plaintiff's Attorney, for attending, drawing and obtaining the Magistrate's Certificate, where the Proceeding is for Recovery of Lands or Premises abandoned To the Defendant's Attorney, in lieu of all other Charges, for taking Inftru&ions, preparing for and attending the hearing and drawing up the Difmiss, if the same shall be necessary To the Attorney, for drawing or filling every Renewal, and drawing or filling up the Affidavit to obtain such Renewal To the Sheriff for returning a Jury - -

For every Special Warrant granted at the Peril of the Party requiring the same - - -

To any Witness attending on behalf of either Party, provided such Witness shall have been brought by Process ad Tefttfi-candum from some Place not within the DiftriA where such Trial shall be held, such Viaticum as shall appear to die Court to be reasonable: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for any Attorney to charge to any Client the Expences of employing Counsel in case such Attorney shall have received written Dire&ions for that Purpose from such Client; no Charge however for such Purpose to be allowed on the Taxation of Coils between Party and Party.

4. / d.

— 5 <s»

i i

— 6*

5 2 6

- — 6f

I i

_'— i

—

— - — 6

t 2m 9

— IO —

i 2 9

—

— 1

I

No Sum to be allowed for

VIII. And be k further enacted, That ne Sum shall be allowed to the Plaintiff's Attorney, for any Searches for Incumbrances aff^h-*4 ing

A.D. 1818,

S8# GEO. HI.

C. 89.

91

ing the Lends and Tenement*, unless he shall have received Dime* Swrche*, unleft tiona in Writing, from the Plaintiff or hi* Land Agent, authorizing orc^rfd to him to make the same. Writing.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawfiti Assistant Bar.

for the Assistant Barrister, Chairman or Recorder, as the case may rifters, fee. to be, and he is hereby required, on the Request of either Party or his °*

Attorney, to tax the Costs between Party and Party, and to include u

the same in the Decree or Difmiss, as the case may be; and further,

on the like Request, to tax Costs between Attorney and Client, upon

any Proceedings that shall have been taken or may hereafter be taken

for the Recovery of the Possession of Lands or Tenements nnder the Fw.

Provisions of the said recited Act or this A A, receiving for each such Clerk of the

Taxation the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence and no more; and T"*#not to

that no Clerk of the Peace shall have any Power -to tax the same; and

that no Attorney shall be entitled to recover any Sum against any No Attorney

Client for or by reason of any Proceedings under this Act or the said «'hled to re-

recited Act, or any Preparation for such Proceedings, unless the same

Audi have been previouily taxed in manner herein provided. #re tai

X. And be it further enacted, That upon such Taxation it shall Assistant Errand may be lawful for the said Assistant Barrister, Chairman or rifttr, *c.toexa-Recorder, as the case may be, and he is hereby required to examine mina

Upon Oath (which Oath he is hereby authorized to administer) the nc7 UP°° Attorney feeksag to charge such Client, as to all matters and things which it may appear to the said Assistant Barrister necessary to afeer-tain for the dust Taxation of the said Costs.

XI* And be it further enacted, That the Forms in the Schedule to Forms to bn this Act annexed, marked A., B., C. and D., or any other Forms to *» Proceed-the like Effect, may be used in the respective Cases in the said Schedule mentioned, ' as and for the Civil -Bills and Process; and that Q, c gg

the Forms in the said Schedule marked E., F. and G-, or any other Forms to the like Effect, may be used in the respective Cases in the said Schedule mentioned, as and for the Decrees of the said Assistant Barrister*, Chairman or Recorder, as the case may be; and that the Form marked H«, or any other Form to the like Effect, may be used by the Magistrates in the said Act mentioned, as and for a Certificate of Desertion; and that the Form marked I., or any other Form to the like Effect, may be used for the Affidavit ascertaining the Rent due, to enable the Magistrate to grant the said Certificate.

The SCHEDULE to which this ACT refers.

A.

FORM of a CIVIL BILL, to be used where the Tenant has deserted the Premises.

}BY the Assistant Barrister at the Quarter Sef-fions of the Peace for the said Division of the said County:

11X7HEREAS the Defendant holds all that and J those.in the Parish

of and Barony of and

in the said Dirifion of m the feed County, as

Tenant to the Plaintiff under a Demise thereof

made the Day of in the Year

of our Lord One tboofand eight hundred and for the

Term

County of Dwifion of

Plaintiff

92

C. 39.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818,

Term of which is still in being* at the

Yearly Rent of And Whereas the Sum of

for Rent of the said Premises,

ending on the Daj of last pad,

became and was due by the said Defendant to the said Plaintiff* and still remains so due after all fair and just Allowances whatsoever: And Whereas the said Defendant* on the Day of in the Year of our Load One

thousand eight hundred and deferted the said Premises

and abandoned the same* and did not leave Sufficient Diftrefa thereon to countervail the Rent so due for the same* and such Sufficient Diftrefa cannot be had to countervail the Rent so due

The Defendant is therefore hereby required personally to be and appear before the said Assistant Barrister* at

in the Division aforesaid* in the said County* on the Day of

next* at a Quarter Sessions to be then and there holden for said Division of said County* to answer the Plaintiffs Bill brought by him for Recovery of the PofTession of the Premises* by reafod of the matters aforesaid* and by virtue of the Statutes in that case made and provided; or in default thereof* the said Assistant Barrister will proceed as to Justice shall appertain. Dated this Day of

in the Year One thousand eight hundred and Signed on behalf of the Plaintiff*

To the Defendant* ]

Attorney.

Couoty of

Division of

B.

FORM of a CIVIL BILL, to be used where the Tenant's Iutereft is determined* and PofTession has been demanded by the Landlord in Person.

7 BY the Assistant Barrister at the Quarter Sessions 3 of the Peace for the said Division of the said County.

Plaintiff 7 "WTHEREAS One

Defendants J Of tjje Defendants, lately held all that and

those in the Parish of and

Barony of and in the Division of

aforesaid* in the said County* as Tenant to the Plaintiff* under a Demise thereof made the Day of in the

Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and for

the Term of at the Yearly Rent of

which Demise determined on the Daj of

last* by«And Whereas the said

Plaintiff after the Determination* of the said Demise* to wit* on the Day of.now last

paft* duly demanded the PofTession of the said Premises* and a Delivery of the said PofTession to him $ and the said PofTession and the Delivery thereof have and hath been withheld* and the several Defendants are respectively in PofTession of the Premises* and no other Person is in PofTession of any Part thereof: The Defendant therefore* and all

Persons

A.D. 1818.

53* GEO, III.

C.S9.

93

Persons claiming to have any Interest in the said Premises, are hereby required personally to be and appear before the said Assistant Bar-rifter, at in the Division of

aforesaid, in the said County, on the Day of next, at a Quarter Seffi na to be

then and there holden for the said Division of said County, to answer the Plaintiff's Bill brought by him for the Recovery of the Possession of the Premises, by reason or the matters aforesaid, and by virtue of the Statute in that case made and provided; or in default thereof, the said Assistant Barrister will proceed as to Justice Shall appertain. Dated this Day of in the Year

Ope thousand eight hundred and

Signed on behalf of the Plaintiff, Attorney.

To the Defendant, |

C.

FORM of a CIVIL BILL where the Tenant's Interest is determined, and Possession has been demanded by a Bailiff or Receiver.

County of, 7 BY the Assistant Barrister. at the Quarter

Div^on 3 Sessions of the Peace for the said Division

of the said County :

p La in tiff | U/HEREAS One

Defendants J- .of the Defendants, lately held all that and

those in the Parish of and Barony of

and in the Division of aforesaid, in the said Copaty, as Tenant to the Plaintiff, under a Demise made thereof the Day of

in the Year of our Lord One thousand hutadred and

for the Term of at

the yearly Rent of*which Demife

determined on the Day of last paft

by And Whereas the Bailiff

and Receiver of the said Plaintiff, after the Determination of the said Demise, to wit, on the Day of now

last past, duly demanded the Possession of the said Premises, and a Delivery of the said Possession to him as such Bailiff and Receiver of the said Plaintiff, and the said Possession and the Delivery thereof have and hath been withheld, and the several Defendants are respectively in Possession of the Premises, and no other Person is in Pof-iession of any Part thereof: The Defendants therefore, and all Persons having or claiming any Interest in the Premises in Question, are hereby required personally to be and appear before the raid Assistant Barrister at in the Division of

aforesaid, in the said County, on the Day

of next, at a Quarter Sessions to be then and there

holden for the said Division of the said County, to answer the Plaintiff's Bill, brought by him for the Recovery of the Possession of the Premises, by reason of the matters aforesaid, and by virtue of the Statutes in that case made and provided; or in default thereof, the said Assistant Barrister will proceed as to Justice shall appertain.

Dated

94

C. 39,

58* GEO. III.

AJL1818.

Dated this Day of

thousand eight hundred and

Signed os behalf of the Plaintiff,

To the Defendant, 1

is the Year One Attorney.

FORM of a CIVIL BILL to be oM wheat a Year's Rent»in

Arrear.

County of 1 BY the Assistant Barrister at the Quarter

Division gf J Sessions of the Peace for the said Dhtftee

of said County:

PUimiff *1 I^HEREAS One

£Mendants J of the Defendants, holds all that and those

in the Parish of and Baronv of

and in the Division of aforesaid, in the said County,

as Tenant to the Plaintiff, under a

Demise thereof made the Day of

in the Year of our I^rd One thousand hundred

and for the Term of which is not yet expired, at the yearly Rent of payable

m equal Gales, on every during the

said Term: And Whereas the Sum of for

Rent of the said Premises, ending on the Day

of'last past, became and was due by said Defendant

to the said Plaintiff, and thereof, being One full

Year's Rent still remains due

thereon: And Whereas the several other Defendants respectively are in actual Pofftffion of the Premises, or have respectively Interest* therein under Deeds and Instruments duly registered, and creating such Isterefts respectively, and no other Person, save the Defendants or some of them, is in such Possession or appear to have any fuA Interect:

The Defendants therefore, and all Perfoas having or claiming any Interest in the said Premises, are hereby required personally to be and appear before the said Assistant Barrister, at in

the Division of aforesaid, in the said County,

on the Day of next, at a Quarter Sessions

to be then and there holden for the said Division of laid County, to anrwer the Plaintiff's Bill brought by him for Recovery of the Possession of the Premises, by realou of the matters aforesaid, and by virtue of the Statutes in that case made and provided j or in default thereof the said Assistant Barrister will proceed as to Justice shall appertain. Dated this Day of in the Year

One thousand eight hundred and

Signed on behalf of the Plaintiff,

Attorney.

To the Defendant, ^

FORM

A.D. 1818.

58 GEO. III.

C. 39.

86

FORM of a DECREE where the Civil Bill it grounded on the Desertion of the Premises.

County of 1 BY the Assistant Barrister of the Seilions for

Ditriflou of J the County of

Plaintiff De-

PUimiff 1 TT appearing to the Court that the Plain

Defendants j caufed a Civil Bill to be filed again ft the ]

fendant, praying to be put into Possession of

situate, lying and being in the Parish of and in the Barony of and County of

containing or thereabouts, in the

Poffefllon of the Defendant; which Civil Bill was brought pursuant to the Statute in such case made and provided, on the ground that the Tenant had deserted the said Premises; and it appearing by the Certificate of and Esquires,

Two of His Majesty's Joftices of the Peace for said County, that they had together gone to and viewed said Premises, and that the same were deserted and left unoccupied by the Defendant, and that there was not any Distress thereon fumcient to countervail the Arrear of Rent then due thereout; upon due Proof thereof, and that Process on said Civil Bill, and also a Copy of said Certificate was duly served, requiring the Defendant to appear at these prefect Sessions to answer said Bill; and it appearing that £ being

Years* Rent of said Premises, was justly due and owing by Defendant to Plaintiff, after all fair and just Allowances, and that said Premises were deserted and left unoccupied by the Defendant, and that there was not any Distress on the same to iatisfy said Rent: It is therefore ordered and decreed by the Court, That the Plaintiff be put into the Possession of said Premises, and the Sheriff of the County of is hereby commanded to put the Plaintiff into

the Possession thereof, pursuant to the Statute in said case made and provided; and it is further ordered and decreed by* the Court, That the Plaintiff do recover from the Defendant Pounds

Shillings and Pence, Costs; and the several

Sheriffs of the respective Counties within this Kingdom of Ireland are hereby commanded, notwithstanding any Liberty within their Bailiwicks, to execute the same, and take in Execution the Body |\or Bodies, or Goods, at the Case may bc-\ of the Defendant, to Iatisfy the said Costs. Dated at this Day of

Witness presect,

% Assistant Barrister for Clerk Peace for the the said County,

said County.

Attorney for the Plaintiff.

FORM of the SHERIFF'S WARRANT on the above Decree, to a Special Bailiff of the Plaintiff's Nomination.

County of *1T authorize and empower and

to wit. | or cither of them, and

, their

96

58* GEO. III.

C.39.

A.D. 1818.

their Assistants, Special Bailiffs, at the Plaintiff's Peril to execute the above Decree. Given under my Hand and Seal, this Day of

( Seal.) Sheriff for the said County.

F.

FORM of a DECREE where the Civil Bill is grounded on the overholding of the Tenant.

County of 1 BY the Assistant Barrister at the Sessions for

DivtHou of J the County of

1 TT appearing to the Court, that the Plaintiff J A caused a Civil Bill to be filed against the De-

PUjntifT Defendants

fendant, praying to be put into the PoiTession of

fituate in the Parish of and Baroftj of

and County of containing

or thereabouts, in the PoiTession of the Defendant; which Civil Bill was brought pursuant to the Statute in such case made and provided, on the ground that the Tenant overheld the said Premises; and it appearing to the Court, that Process on said Civil Bill was duly served, requiring the Defendants and all others having or claiming to have Interest in the Premises, in said Bill mentioned, requiring them to appear at these present Sessions to aofwer said Bill; and it appearing that said Premises were held by Defendant from Plaintiff at the yearly Rent of and that

Defendant's Interest determined on the Day of

last, by a Notice to quit, heretofore served on the Defendant, rea uiring him to deliver up the Possession thereof to Plaintiff, on the said Day of last [or

fitting forth any other Mode of Determination, as the Case may he 3» notwithstanding which the Defendant refused to deliver up the Pof-feffioa thereof to Plaintiff though demanded: It is therefore ordered and decreed by the Court, That the Plaintiff be put into the PofTession thereof, pursuant to the Statute in that case made and provided; and it is further ordered mod decreed by the Court, That the Plaintiff do recover from the Defendant Pounds

Shillings and Pence, Costs; and the sevend

Sheriffs of the respective Counties within this Kingdom of Ireland are hereby commanded, notwithstanding any Liberty within their Bailiwicks, to execute the same, and take in Execution the Body [or Bodies, or Goods, as the Case may be] of the Defendant, to satisfy the said Costs* Dated at.this Day of

Witness present,

Clerk Peace for the said County.

Attorney for the Plain tiff.

Assistant Barrister for the said County.

FORM

A. D. 1818.

58° GEO. III.

C.39.

97

FORM of the SHERIFFS WARRANT on the above Decree, to a Special Bailiff of the PlaintifPs Nomination.

County of 7 T authorize and empower

wit- 3 and or either of

them, and their Aififtants, Special Bailiffs, at the Plaintiff's Peril to execute the above Decree. Given under my Hand and Seal, this Day of

{Seal.) Sheriff for the said County.

G.

N° FORM of a DECREE where the Civil Bill is grounded

on Nonpayment of Rent.

County of 7 BY the Assistant Barrifter at the Sessions

Divfion of j for the County of

Plaintiff 7 TT appearing to the Court that the PlaintifF

Defendant 3 A caufed a Civil Bill to be filed against the De-

fendant, praying to be put into the Possession of situate, lying and being in the Parish of and

Barony of and County of

containing by Eftimation or thereabouts, in the

FoiTeilion of the Defendant, which Civil Bill was brought pursuant to the Statute in such case made and provided, on the ground that a Year's Rent was in arrear and unpaid; and it appearing to the Court, that Process on said Civil Bill was duly served, requiring the Defendant and all others having or claiming to have Interest in 'the Premises in said Bill mentioned, requiring them to appear at these present Sessions to answer said Bill; upon due Proof thereof, and that said Premises were held by Defendant from Plaintiff, at the yearly Rent of and that the Defendant was indebted to the Plaintiff in the Sum of ibeing for

One whole Year's Rent and Arrear of Rent of said Premises, due and ending.the Day of last, after all

just and fair Allowances: It is therefore ordered by the Court, That the Plaintiff be put into the Poffeifion of said Premises, and the Sheriff of the County of is hereby commanded

to put the Plaintiff into the Poffeifion thereof, pursuant to the Statute in such case made and provided; and it is further ordered and decreed by the Court, That the Plaintiff do recover from the Defendant Pounds Shillings and

Pence, Costs; and the several Sheriffs of the respective Counties within this Kingdom of Ireland are hereby commanded, notwithstanding any Liberty within their Bailiwicks, to execute the same, and take in Execution the Body [or Bodies, or Goods, at the Case may be] of the Defendant, to satisfy the said Costs. Dated at this Day of

Witness present, Affiftant Barrifter for

Clerk Peace for the the said County,

laid County.

Attorney for the Plaintiff.

58 Geo* III.

H

FORM

98

C. 39.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

FORM of the SHERIFFS WARRANT on the above Decree, to a Special Bailiff of the Plaintiff's Nomination.

County of IT authorize and empower

to wit\ J and or either of them,

and their Afiiftante, Special Bailiffs, at the Plaintiff's Peril to execute the above Decree. Given under my Hand and Seal, this Day of

(Seal.) Sheriff for the said County.

H.

MAGISTRATE'S CERTIFICATE;

1WE and

J Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace

County of to wit.

for said County, having been called upon^by* and at his Request having together gone to and viewed all that Part of the Lands of situate, lying and being in the

Parish of and Barony of

and County of in the PofTeflion of

as Tenant thereof, containing Acres, Roods

and Perches, or thereabouts, on the .^D«r

of between the Hours of Ten o'Clock in the Forenoon

and Four o'Clock in the Afternoon of the said Day, do certify, That the Premises aforesaid then appeared to us to be deserted and left unoccupied by the said and that there is not

any Diitrefs on the same sufficient to countervail the Arrear of Rent, being One Half Year's Rent, ascertained by the Affidavit of A. B. the Landlord thereof [or, the Bailiff of toe Landlord thereof, aj the Case may £*] now due thereout, after all just and fair Allowances. Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day of

To the Assistant Barrifterl (Seal.)

for the County of >

J (SeaL)

Witness prefrat.

AETlDAVtT of RENT to enable the Magistrates to grant the above Certificate.

County of \ Landlord* [or, Bailiff

to wit. J id the Landlord, a* tb* Case may be] of the

Lands and Tenements hereinafter mentioned, maketh Oath, «ad faith, That of in the Comity

of is juftly and fairly indebted to

in the Sum of^being for a

Year's Rerft of his holding, Tdeferring it at «* Civil Billy] tinder due and ending the Day

of last, after all just and fair Allowances: And

Depoaeot faith, That the said Sum, or any Part thereof, hath not been tendered or paid to by the said .

or by any Person or Perfects on his behalf.

Sworn before me, this Day of

CAP.

58° GEO. IIL

C. 40, 41.

99

CAP. XL.

An Act to continue the Laws now in force relating to Yeomanry Corps in Ireland. [28th May 1818.]

WHEREAS an Act was nude in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for authoring 4 ing the billettinr of fych Troops of Yeomanry and Volunteer Cavalry 4 as may be defrosts of assembling for the Purpose of being trained 4 together, in Great Britain and Ireland; and for subjetting to Milt-4 tary Discipline, during the War, such Serjeants serving in any 4 Volunteer or Yeomanry Corps of Cavalry or Infantry as receive 4 conjhnt Pay9 and all Trumpeters, Drummers or Bugle Men serving 4 therein* and receiving Pay at any Daily or Weekly Rate; and for 4 the further regulating of such Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps / which 4 Ad was to continue and be in force during the Continuance of 4 the War, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Defini-* tire Treaty of Peace with France: And Whereas, by an Act made 4 in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, so much of the 4 said recited Act as relates to such Troops or Corps in Ireland was 4 continued; and by an Act made an the Fifty sixth Year of the 4 Reign of His present Majesty, so much of the said recited Act of 4 the Forty third Year as relates to such Troops or Corps in Ireland 4 was further continued and amended, and is in force until the End 4 of this present Session of Parliament; and it is expedient that the 4 same ftiould be further continued; ' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Msyefty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act of the Forty third Year of His Majesty's Reign, fb far as relates to any such Troops or Corps in Ireland, and also the said Act of the Fifty sixth Year of His Majesty's Reiga, fb far as the same amends the said Act of the Forty third Year, shall be and remain in force from the time of the passing of this Act, until the Expiration of One Year next after the passing of this Act, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and that all such Provisions and Regulations In the said recited Act of the Forty third Year contained, lo far as relates to such Troops or Corps in Ireland, as by the said Act are applied during War, or during the Continuance of War, or during the Continuance of the War, and until Six Months after the Ratification of such Definitive Treaty of Peace, shall be in force as amended by this Act during the Continuance of the said recited Acts as aforesaid.

CAP. XLI.

An Act to amend an Act made in the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Paper in Ireland, and to allow a Drawback of the Duty on Paper used in printing certain Books at the Press of Trinity College, Dublin. [28th May 1818.]

4 WHEREAS it is expedient to amend, in manner hereinafter 4 W mentioned, an Act made in the Fifty sixth Year of His pre» ( feat Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the better regulating and 4 securing the ColhSion of the Duties on Paper in Ireland, and to

H 2 4 prevent

43 G. j.c.ui.

56 G.3. c.7*.

so far at herein expressed, further continued.

56 G. 3. c. 78.

C. 41.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

Instead of the Charge under the said Act, Paper Makers to pay at the Rate of ias. 6d. BritiCh per Month for every Cuhic Foot of thf Engines used by (hem*

How such Rate charged and paid.

Officer to make a Return to the Colle&or of the Amoifnt of the Monthly Rate, and also of the Quantity, Quality and Weight of Paper, and of the Duty thereon.

Such Return a Charge on Maker.

* prevent Frauds therein ; * Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Commencement of this Act, in lieu and inllead of any Charge under the said recited A 61 on any Paper Maker in Ireland\ in respect of each and every Engine kept or used by such Paper Maker, every Paper Maker in Ireland shall, for and in respect of each and every Engine kept or used by such Paper Maker for the making of Paper of any Sort or Kind whatsoever, or which shall be employed in preparing any Stuff for making Paper of any Sort or Kind whatsoever, be charged with and shall pay, for each and every Calendar Month, in the Proportion and at the Rate of Twelve Shillings and Sixpence Brittfb Currency for each and every Cubic Foot of the computed Content of each and every such Engine, to be ascertained according to the greatell Length, Depth and Breadth thereof, such Depth to be taken from the Centre of the Spindle of the Roller of each such Engine, if the Depth of such Engine shall be the greatell at that Part, or otherwise in such other Part of such Engine where the Depth thereof shall be the greatell, and such computed Content shall be without any Allowance or Deduction whatsoever for or on account of any Peculiarity of Shape or Form of such Engine, or of any Machinery or other matter or thing which shall or may be contained therein, or on any other Account; and which said Rate or Sum shall be charged and chargeable, and paid and payable, as and for the Duty in respect of the Quality and Weight of such Quantity of Paper as may he produced from any such Engine within each such Calendar Month as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enabled. That the Officer or Officers of Excise in Charge of any Paper Mill of any Paper Maker in Ireland shall, within Ten Days after the Fifth Day of every Month, while any Engine or Engines of any Paper Maker shall be working, or shall he by Law chargeable as working, make a Return to the Collector of Excise, or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of the District in which such Paper Mill (haH be situate, of the Amount of the Monthly Rate*or Sum hereby directed to be charged for the Month ending on such Fifth Day of the Month, in respect of all and every Engine or Engines kept or used by such Paper Maker at any Time in each and every such Month, and aHo of the Quantity, .Quality and Weight of all such Sorts of Paper, if any, which shall have been weighed at such Mill in the Course of such Month, and of the Duty chargeable thereon in respect of the Quality and Weight of such Paper; and every such Return shall be a Charge on the Paper Maker to the Amount of the Monthly Rate or Sum payable under this Act in respect of all and every such Engine or Engines, in case there shall not have been any Paper of any Sort whatever weighed at such Mill in such Month, or in case the Duty chargeable in reiped of the Quality and Weight of the Paper which shall have been weighed at such Mill in such Month shall be less than the Rate or Sum chargeable as aforesaid for all and every such Engine or Engines for such Month, and every such Paper Maker shall pay the Sum so charged and returned $ and in case the Duty chargeable in respect of the Quality and Weight of all Paper of every Class, Denomination and Kind specified in such Return as weighed within such Month,

14. shall

SB9 GEO. III.

C.41.

101

shall amount to or exceed the Amount of the Rate or Sum payable in refpe3 of all and every such Engine or Engines as aforesaid, or hi case any Engine or Engines shall not be chargeable in any Month, then the Return of the Officer shall be a Charge on such Paper Maker for the Amount of the Duty so chargeable in respect of the Quality and Weight of all such Paper which shall have been so weighed in any such Month respectively as aforesaid; and such Paper Maker shall pay the Duty appearing by such Return and chargeable to have become due and payable, within Three Months after the End of the Month for which such Return and Charge shall have been made; and every such Paper Maker shall, for every Default in Payment of any such Duty, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to double the Amount of the Sum so returned and charged, and which shall be so payable as aforesaid; and every such Officer shall and he is hereby required to leave a true Copy of such Returns in Writing under his Hand with every such Paper Maker or at such Paper Mill.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this A3, no Licence shall be granted to any Person or Persons to keep any Mill for making Paper, unless each and every Engine for making Paper in such Mill shall contain Fifty Cubic Feet at the lead, the Content of such Engine to be computed and afcer-tained according to the greated Length, Depth and Breadth thereof, pursuant to the Regulations and Directions of this A3; any thing in the said recited A3 of the Fifty sixth Year aforesaid, or in any other A3 or A3s to the contrary notwithstanding; and the Content of every such Engine shall be specified and mentioned in the Licence to be granted to any Person or Persons to keep any Mill for making Paper, and the Person or Persons to whom such Licence shall be granted shall be chargeable with Duty for and in refpe3 of each and every such Engine at the lead according to the Content which shall be specified and mentioned in such Licence as the Content of such Engine.

IV. Provided always, and be it ena3ed. That nothing herein contained shall extend to prohibit or prevent the granting of any Licence to any Person or Persons who, on or before the Fifth Day of Augufi One thousand eight hundred and (ixteen, was or were licensed to keep any such Mill or Mills in which every or any Engine kept therein for making Paper was of less Content than Fifty Cubic Feet, nor to prohibit or prevent the granting of any such Licence to any Person or Persons who since the said Fifth Day of Augufi One thousand eight hundred and (ixteen, for the fird time obtained a Licence to keep such Mill or Mills in which any Engine or Engines kept therein for making Paper was or were of less Content than Fifty Cubic Feet, and who shall have such Licence in force at the commencement of this A3: Provided nevertheless, that it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons so licensed to reduce any Engine in such Mill which at the time of the paffingof this A3 shall contain Fifty Cubic Feet or more to any Content lets than Fifty Cubic Feet; and if any Person shall so reduce any such Engine, the Licence of such Person shall be and is hereby declared to be void.

V. And be it further ena3ed. That if the Content of any Engine, to be computed and ascertained according to the Dire3ions of this A3, of which an Account, Return or Notice shall have been given

H 8 purfuant

Duty to be paid within Three Months.

Penalty.

Officer to leave Copy of Return with Paper Maker.

No Licence granted unless the Engine contain 50 Cubic Feet.

Content of Engine specified in Licence.

Prorifo for granting

Licences to Persons who were licenfed'on or before Aug. 5, x 816, having Engines of less Content than 50 Cubic Feet, or to Persons having since obtained for the First Time, Licence in force.

ReducingEngine, Licence void.

If Content of Engine exceed by Three Cubic Feet the Num-

102

C; 41.

58t OEO. IIL

A.D. 1819.

her mentioned in Return,

Penalty 50L Officer to make a Return of Charge in re-fpeft of the in-created Contents of the Engine]

such Duty to be paid in 14 Days. Penalty.

Maker to make a new Return.

Penalty aol.

56 G. 3. c. 78.

§3*.

repealed.

Paper Maker to enter in Specimen Paper, the Dates of Notices, flee

Penalty jot

Paper haring same Number and Date on Wrapper of Two or more Reams, forfeited.

purfuaot to the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Fifty sixth Year aforesaid, shall be discovered by any Officer of Excise to exceed by Three Cubic Feet the Number of Cubic Feet which shall have been mentioned in such Return, Account or Notice, aa being the Content of such Engine, the Paper Maker in whose Mill such Engine shall be found of such greater Content shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and it shall and may be lawful for such Officer of Excise, and he is hereby required, within Ten Days after such Discovery, to make a Return to the Collector or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of the District in which such Mill shall be situate, of all Sum or Sums of Money chargeable in respect of such increased Content of such Engine, from the time mentioned in the last previous Notice of the commencing or recommencing the working of such Engine, to and upon the Fifth Day of the Month in which it shall have been discovered that the Content of such Engine was so increased, and such Return shall be a Charge on every such Paper Maker, who shall pay the Duty appearing by such Return to be due and payable, within Fourteen Days next after such Return shall have been made, or in default of such Payment shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double the Duty so returned and charged; and every such Paper Maker shall continue to be chargeable in respect of the full Content of such Engine so long as such Engine shall be chargeable on working; and such Paper Maker shall, within Ten Days after such Charge (nail be made in respect of the Increase of such Engine, make a new and correct Return of the Content of such Engine to the proper Officer, or in default thereof shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act of the Fifty (ixth Year aforesaid, as requires any Officer of Excise visiting the Mill of any Papf r Maker to enter on the Specimen Paper at such Mill all Notices given of the weighing of any Paper, and the Quality and different Classes, Denomination and Kind of Paper to be weighed, stamped, marked or labelled by the Officer, shall, from and after the Commencement of this Act, be and the same is hereby repealed; and from and after the Commencement of this Act, every Paper Maker who in and by the said recited Act of the Fifty sixth Year aforesaid is required to give any Notice of weighing any Paper, shall, before serving of any such Notice, and he is hereby required and directed, by himself or herself, or by his or her principal Clerk; to ffiiter and insert in Writing, in the Specimen Paper to be kept in the Mill of such Paper Maker, the Date of all such Notice and Notices which shall pursuant to the Provisions of the said recited Act be given to weigh any Paper, and shall in every such Entry specify and declare the Quantity and different Classes, Denominations and Kind of Paper to be weighed refpednrelj; and if any Paper Maker shall omit or neglect to insert or caule to be inserted the Particulars aforesaid in such Specimen Paper, every such Paper Maker shall for every such Omission or Neglect forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That whenever there shall be found in the Mill, Manufadory or other Place of any Paper Maker, Two or more Reams of Paper of the same Class, on the Covers or Wrappers whereof the same Number and Date of the Charge of Duty

shall be 1'" 1

and ma

5a0 geo. hl

C. 41.

103

such Reams of Paper shall be forfeited#

VUl. And be it turther enacted, That if any Paper shall be Paper convey found conveying otherwise than ip Reams from the Mill or Manu- *?*£rom.the .r factory of any Paper Maker# then all such Paper shall be forfeited, thaVin Rewn^ and may be seized by any Officer of Customs or Excise, together forfeited, and with the Package or Packages containing the same; and every Horse may be £*utd or other Beast, Cart, Car or other Carriage, Boat or other Vessel, with Package, used in removing or conveying the same, mall also be forfeited and &c* may be seized \ and upon the Trial of any Information for the For- obus Probandi feiture of any such Paper which shall be found conveying as afore- on Claimant, said, the Proof of the Person from whom, and the Place from which such Paper as aforesaid shall be conveying, shall lie upon the Claimant or Claimants, apd not op the Officer or Person promeuting such Information.

IX, And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall counter- Forging the

frit or forge, or cause to be counterfeited or forged, the Name of Officer** Name any Officer of Excise upon any Cover or Wrapper of or belonging to onk^n^uch" or used with or upon any Ream or Quantity of Paper, or upon any r»ufo2vU&c Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or '

Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board, or if any Perfoa

shall have in his or her Custody or PolTession, or shall utter, vend or fell any Paper with the Name of any such Officer counterfeited or forged on the Cover or Wrapper of such Paper, or any Pasteboard,

Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper,

Button Paper or Button Board, with the Name of any such Officer counterfeited or forged thereon, then aod in every such case every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum Penalty xook of One hundred Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for officer may en* any Officer or Officers of Excise from time to time and all times, by ter Mills of Day or by Night, but jf in the Night then in the Presence of a Con- p?rfon» yhofe (table or other Officer of the Peace, to enter into all and every the Liomceb ex-Mill or Mills, or other Places of any Person whose Licence for Keep- pir

ing any Mill or Mills for makiug Paper shall have expired, to view

and examine the State of such Mill, and of every Engine, Vat, Wet

Prefr or other Uterfi therein; and if any such Person, or his or her Refuting Eq- -

Servant, shall not, on Demand made by any Officer of Excise at such trtnee,

Mill, or at the Dwelling Houfr of such Person, admit such Officer

into such Mill or other Place, or shall not permit such Officer to view

and examine all and every such Engines, Vats and Wet Presses, or

Other Uteafil, or to do and perform any Act, matter and thing which

shall or may be the Duty of such Officer to do or perform, every

frch Person shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sam of Fifty Pensltyjol.

Pound?*

XL And be it further enacted, That at or immediately after the Engines to be Expiration of any Licence granted to any Person to keep a MU1 for *nd

making Paper, it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of Excise, and frch Officer is hereby required, to fasten and lock each and every pintion of Engine in such Mill, in such manner as the Gommissioners of Inland Licences, Excise and Taxes in Ireland* or any Three of them, shall efireft aaid appoint; and for that Purpose it ffiaU and may he lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, from time to time to make and issue such Orders ana Directions as they shall think expedient for

H 4

the

C. 41.

58 GEO. III.

A.D.181S.

Persons difobey-iog Com m i f-fioners* Orders. Peoilcy 50L O bfl ru&ing Officers, or if.Engine not locked, by Default of Persons, &c.

Penalty xoaL

Within Six Days after the Expiration of Licence, Roller, Plate, Sec. of Engine, to be removed to the Excise Stores.

Refuting to remove Roller, &c.

Penalty iooL

56 G.3.C.78. I 9

§J3-

the fattening or locking of any such Engine, and all and every such Orders and Directions shall be complied with 5 and if any Person whose Licence shall have so expired shall refuse or neglect to comply with or obey any such Orders or Directions, every such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and if any Officer shall be prevented from faitening and locking each and every such Engine, or in case of such Mill being locked and no Person appearing to give Entrance to fnch Officer, or If any such Engine shall in any Event not be fattened or locked in manner aforesaid by Default of any such Person, or if at any time subsequent to the time when any such Engine shall have been fattened or locked, any such Engine shall be found not to be fattened and locked, or if any Roller, Plate, Lighter or BratTes shall be found in any Engine after the Expiration of the Licence which shall have been granted to such Person, until such Engine shall be again duly fet to work under a new Licence for the Mill in which such Engine shall be kept, then every such Person shall, in each and every the respective case and cases aforesaid, forfeit the Snm of One hundred Pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any Person shall at the Expiration of any Licence granted to such Penon to keep any Mill or Mills for making Paper, discontinue the Trade or Business of a Paper Maker, every such Person shall, within Six Days next after the Expiration of such Licence, displace and remove, or cause to be displaced and removed, clear out ot each and every Engine, the Roller, Plate, Lighter and Brafles belonging to such Engine, and shall fend or convey such Roller, Plate, Lighter and Brafles to the Excise Stores of the DiftridI in which the Mill of such Person shall be situate, there to be kept until the same shall be returned to the Proprietor thereof under a new Licence, or under the Order of the Commissioners of Excise; and if any such Person shall neglect or refuse to displace and remove, or cause to be displaced and removed, in manner aforesaid, every such Roller, Plate, Lighter and Bralfes, or shall neglect or refuse to fend or convey all and every Roller, Plate, Lighter or BrafTes within the time aforesaid, to the Excise Stores as aforesaid, every such Person shall, for every such Neglect or Refusal, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act of the Fifty sixth Year aforesaid as enadls, that if the Content of any Engine shall exceed by Three Cubic Feet the Number of Cubic Feet mentioned in any Return, Account or Notice, as being the Content of such Engine, the Paper Maker shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and as authorizes the Officer to make such Return as in said Act mentioned, in rtfpeft of the increased Content of such Engine, and as makes such Return to be a Charge on such Paper Msiker, and as imposes any Penalty on such Paper Maker for not paying the Amount of such Return, and also so much and such Parts of the said Act of the Fifty sixth Year aforesaid as enacts, that it shall not be lawful for any Paper Maker to fend or deliver any Ream of Paper, or any Parcel of Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, or Button Paper or Button Board, out of the Mill or Manuradlory of such Paper Maker, without such Permit for the Removal thereof, as in the said A6I is prescribed and directed, and also so much of the said Act as relates to any Request Note or Requifitxon for any such Permit, and as relates

to

A.D. 1818.

58° GEO. III.

C. 41

105

to the Loss of any such Permit, or to the enlarging the time of the Force thereof, or as requires any Officer granting or renewing any Permit to examine on Oath the Person or Persons applying for such Permit, and also as requires any such Permit to be delivered up to the Surveyor or Gauger, and alio as relates to any Certificate on the Back of any such Permit, and also so much of the said recited Act at imposes any Fine, Penalty, Forfeiture or Punishment for and in respect or in any ways relating to any Permit for the Removal of any Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard or Glazed Paper, Sheating or Sheathing Paper, or Button Paper or Button Board, shall cease and determine, and /hall be and the same is and are hereby repealed \ fare and except so far as the said recited Clauses or Pro-visions hereby repealed relate or relates to the charging, suing for, recovering, levying, paying or accounting for any Duties or Arrears of Duties, or any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture which /hall or may have been incurred or become due on or before the Commencement of this Act; and that all and every the said Clauses and Provisions shall be and remain in full Force and Effect for the charging, suing for, recovering, levying, paying or accounting for the said Duties and Arrears thereof, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, as if this Act had not been made.

4 XIV. And Whereas it is expedient that a Drawback or Allow-4 ance of Duty /hould be given for Paper used in printing the several 4 Books hereafter mentioned at the Press of the College of the Holy 4 and Undivided Trinity of Queen Elizabeth near Dublin; * Beit therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland for the time being, upon being satisfied that the Duty of Excise shall have been fully paid for any Quantity of Paper of the First Class which /hall be used in the printing of Bibles, Tefiaments, Psalm Books and Books of Common Prayer of the Church of England and Ireland, or in the printing of any Books in the Latin, Greek, Oriental or Northern Languages, or in the printing of any Confession of Faith, or the larger or /horter Catechism, or any or them, at the Press of the said College, to pay and allow to the said College, or to the Person or Persons respectively authorized to receive the same on behalf of the said College, a Drawback or Allowance of Three pence per Pound Weight for all such Paper so used as aforesaid, under the Conditions and Regulations hereinafter mentioned and expressed; that is to say, nothing in this Act contained /hall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to entitle the said College, or any Person or Persons on behalf of the said College, to receive any such Drawback or Allowance, unless the said Paper /hall have visible in the Substance thereof a Mark commonly called a Water Mark, of the Date of the present Year of our Lord, in the following Figures, 1818, or of some fub-fequent Year of our Lord, nor unless the Chief Manager of the Press of the said College /hall at least Forty eight Hours before any such Paper is begun to be prepared for printing, give or cause to be given to the Surveyor of Excise of the Walk in which the Press of the said College /nail be kept, or other Officer authorized by the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, in that behalf, a Notice in Writing of the Intention to print such Paper, specifying in such Notice the Number of Reams or Bundles of such Paper lo intended to be printed, and the Name

and

§54. 155*

§5*

§57-

except so far as relates to recovering Arrears of Duties and Penalties, repealed.

Drawback of Duty allowed on Paper used in the printing of Bibles, &c. at the Press of Trinity College of Queen Elisabeth near Dublin.

Condition!.

106

C. 41.

58* GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Certificate of weighing. Sec, to be given by the Surveyor to the Manager of the Press.

Manager of the PreCi to subscribe ou the Back of Certificate an Oath of the Quantity and Weight of Paper used, and other the matter! herein mentioned.

and Names of the Book or Books so intended to be printed, and in what Language such Book or Books is or are intended to be printed, aod of what Size the intended Impression or Edition of such Book or Books is to be, and of how many Copies the intended Impression or Edition thereof is to consist, nor unless all such Paper shall be produced to such Surveyor or Officer enclosed in the original Covers or Wrappers in which such Paper was charged with Duty, with the Im-preflion of the Stamp, and the Christian Name and Surname of the proper Officer, and the Date of the Charge, with the Class of such Paper, and the several.matters by Law prescribed and directed to be marked, written or printed, remaining on such Covers or Wrappers respectively; nor unless such Chief Manager of the Press of the said College shall provide good andfufficient Scales and Weights, and shall permit and assist such Officer to use the same for the Purpose of ascertaining the true Quantity and Weight of such Paper; nor unless the Chief Manager of the Press of the said College shall, in like manner, within One Month next after the whole of such Impression or Edition shall have been printed off, dried and finilhed, give or cause to be given to the Surveyor of Excise of the said Walk, or other Officer so authorized as aforesaid, Forty eight Hours' Notice in Writing of such Impression or Edition being printed off, dried and iinished; and thereupon such Surveyor or other Officer shall attend and infpe&, examine and weigh the whole of such Impression or Edition unbound and in Sheets, and shall thereupon give and deliver to such Chief Manager of the Press of the said College, a Certificate in Writing of his having done so, specifying therein the Name of such Book, together with the Size thereof, and the Number of Copies of which such Impression or Edition consists, and the Weight of the Paper on which the same is printed; but if such Weight shall exceed the Weight of the Paper actually produced to and taken Account of by the proper Officer previous to the printing thereof as aforesaid, then and in such Case such Weight previous to the printing thereof shall be inserted in such Certificate, and the Allowance shall be made for no greater Quantity or Weight than the Weight specified in such Certificate; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. Provided also, That no such Drawback or Allowance shall be given, unless the Chief Manager of the Press of the said College shall make and fnbfcribe on the Back of such Certificate an Oath in

Writing before the said Commissiooers of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Two or more of them, (which Oath they the said Commit-fioners are hereby authorized and empowered to administer, ) of the Quantity and Weight of the Paper actually made use of in the printing of any such Impression or Edition of such Books, or any of them, as the Case may require, and that such Chief Manager of the Press of the said College believes that all Duty by Law imposed for or in respect of such Paper used ia the printing of such Impression or Edition has been fully paid, and that no Drawback or Allowance has been before claimed or paid for or in respect of such Paper or any Part thereof, and that the whole of the said Impression or Edition has been printed at the ufuai aod ordinary Printing House of the said College, under the Authority aod Permission proper for that Purpose.

XVI. Aod

58° GEO. lit

107

C. 41, 42, 48.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers and Pro- Powers of visions, Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, matters 56 G. 3. c. 78. and things contained in the said recited Act of the Fifty sixth Year applied to this aforesaid, (hail be applied and put in Practice in the Execution of

this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same were repeated and reenacted in this Act, so far as the same are compatible and confident with the Provisions of this Act, and except to far as the same are expressly altered or .repealed by this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and For- Recovery aim! feitures under this Act shall be paid and payable according to the Application of Amount thereof in Briti/b Currency, and (nail be levied, collected, Penalties, as by sued for, recovered, mitigated and applied in such manner and under

such Powers and Authorities, and by such Ways and Methods, and according to such Rules and Directions, as are appointed, directed and expressed for the Recovery or Mitigation of any Penalties or Forfeitures in and by an Act made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and 14 k 15 C. a. Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Cbarite the Second, inti- (I) tuled An Act for settling the Excise or new Impojl upon Hit Majesty,

Hie Heirt and SucceJforef according to the Book of Ratee therein

infkrted; or in and by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His 46 G.3. e.xc6,

present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better

Execution of the several A8t relating to the Revenues > matt ere and

thinge under the Management of the Commiftonert of Custome and

Port Duties^ and of the Commissionert of Inland Excise and Taxes,

in Ireland; or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland

relating to the Revenues of Excise, as fully and effectually to all

Intents and Purposes as if the same were herein repeated and reenacted9

with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties

aggrieved, as in and by the said recited Act of the Fourteenth and

Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Secoud, or

any other Act or Acts, as aforesaid, is provided.

XVIII. And be it further enacted. That this Act may be altered, aa may be al-

amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present tered, Ac. this Session of Parliament. Seffioo.

XIX. And be it further eaaded. That this Act shall commence Commence' and take Effect from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand mentof Ad. eight hundred and eighteen.

CAP. XLII.

An Act for enabling the Trustee of certain Premises at Great Yarmouth in the County of Norfolk, held in Trust for His Majesty, to execute a Conveyance of the same to a Purchaser thereof. [28th May 1818.]

CAP. XLm.

An Act for preventing the Destruction of the Breed of Salmon, and FHh of Salmon Kind, in the Rivers of England.

[a8th May 1818.]

4 WHEREAS Provision has been made, in various Acts of 4 W Parliament, for preventing the Destruction of Salmon, and 4 other Fish of the Salmon Kind, in the several Rivers in England 4 named therein, and in Estuaries and Arms of the Sea near the

4 Mouths

108

C. 43#

58° GEO. III.

A.D.18I a

Justices at Sections to appoint Conservators of Rivers.

Quarter Sections to fix Periods in which Salmon shall not be taken, Sec,

D*ftroyiog Salmon, or the Brood, Spawn or Fry thereof.

Proviso for Angling.

First Offence.

Second and fob* sequent Offence.

* Mouths of the said Rivers; and it would be of great public Advan-

* tage if such Protection should be afforded generally in all Rivers

* throughout England; 9 Be it therefore enacted by The Kin^s Moss Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this A£k it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, assembled at any Geheral or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, from time to time to appoint Conservators or Overseers for* the Preservation of the Salmon, and Fish of the Salmon Kind, and the Brood, Spawn and Fry thereof, and preventing the Deftru&ion thereof, and enforcing for that Purpose the Provisions of this A6k within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of such Justices, and within the Limits of which they shall be so appointed.

II. And be it further enacted, That where no Provision is made by any Act now in force for limiting the times within which it shall be lawful to take Salmon, or Fish of the Salmon Kind, in any of the Rivers in England\ it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace acting for the several Counties, at their several Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and they are hereby required, at the Request of any Person, such Person having first given Notice, in some Newspaper usually circulated within the County, of his Intention to apply to the said Quarter Sessions in that behalf, to fix certain Days, not exceeding One hundred and fifty Days in each Year, for each River within their respective Counties, to be Fence Days for the several Rivers refpedkively; during which time it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whatever to take, kill or destroy, or attempt to take, kill or destroy, any Salmon or Salmon Trout, or Filh of the Salmon Kind, or any Brood, Spawn or Fry of such Filh; and the said Justices are hereby further empowered, at any General Quarter Sessions, to vary annuSlly the Number of such Days, and the Periods at which they shall commence, as they shall think fit.

III. And be it enacted. That if any Person or Persons shall at any time hereafter pursue, take, kill or destroy, or seek or endeavour to take, kill or destroy, pursue, hurt or injure any Salmon or Salmon Kind, by laying or using any hot Lime or Filth, or Material or Drug pernicious to Filh, or using any Water in which any Green Lint or Flax has been steeped, or letting off stagnated Water, or any Water impregnated with any Material or Drug pernicious to Filh; or if any Person shall use or employ any such Means as aforesaid, or use any Fire or Light or White Obje£k, or lay down any Kind of Net, Engine or Device, or wilfully do or commit, or cause to be done or committed, any A6k whatsoever, in any River, Water, Rivulet, Stream, Mill Dam, Mill Sluice, Cut, Pool or Pond, communicating therewith, for the Deftru&ion of the Brood, Spawn or Small Fry of Salmon therein (Angling excepted); or if any Person shall hereafter make, erect or let any Bank, Dam, Hedge or Stank, Net or Nets, or place any Fire or Fires, Light or Ligtits, or any White Object or Obje&s, so that the young Fry or young Salmon be prevented from going down from such Rivers, Rivulets or other Waters communicating therewith as aforesaid, or any of them, every such Person so offending shall for every such First Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor lela than Five Pounds, *and for every Second and lubfequent Offence any Sum not exceeding

Fifteen

58° GEO. III

C.43,

109

Fifteen Pounds nor less than Ten Pounds, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom the Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, and shall also forfeit all the Fish, Spawn, Brood or Fry so taken, and all the Nets, Weapons, Lines, Instruments, Boats, Devices or things used in the taking thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall, at any time after the Fir ft Day of September One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, take, kill or destroy, or knowingly have in his or her PofTession, either on the Water or on the Shore, or shall bring to Shore, or cry or carry about, fell, offer or expose to or for Sale, or shall exchange for any Goods, matter or thing, any Spawn, Fry or Brood of Fi(h, or any unfizeable Fish, or any Kepper or Shedder Salmon, being unseasonable Salmon, commonly called Old Salmon, or any Salmon caught in any River during the Periods when fishing for Salmon is prohibited under the Provisions of any Law now in force, or when the same shall be prohibited by any Order to be made by the Justices at their Sessions as hereinbefore provided; and it shall be lawful for any Conservator or Overseer thereof, or any other Person, under the Authority of this Act, to take and seize all or any such Spawn, Fry or Brood of Fish, or such other Fish as aforesaid, wherever the same shall be found, together with all Baskets and Package in which the same shall be so found or taken, and to deliver the Person on whom the same may be found to a Constable or other Peace Officer; and after every such Seizure shall be made, the Spawn, Fry or Brood, or other Fish as aforesaid, together with the Baskets and Package in which the same shall be so seized, shall be delivered into the Hands of some Constable or other Peace Officer; and every such Constable or other Peace Officer is hereby authorized and required to take every such Offender with whom he shall be so charged for any such Offence into his Custody, and also the Spawn, Fry or Brood of Fish, and such other Fish as aforesaid, and all Baftcets and Packages in which the same shall be so seized, and which shall be delivered to such Constable or other Peace Officer as aforesaid, and to carry such Offender, and all such Spawn, Fry or Brood of Fish, and such other Fish as aforesaid, together with the Baskets and Package as aforesaid, which shall have been delivered to any such Constable or other Peace Officer, with all convenient Speed, before some Justice or Justices or Magistrate of the County, City or Place where the Offence shall be committed, for such Offender to .be dealt with according to Law; and on the Con vision of any such Offender or Offenders for any such Offence, before any such Justice or Justices or Magistrate as aforesaid, every such Offender shall forfeit all and every such Spawn, Fry or Brood of Fish, unfizeable Fish and Fish out of Season, which shall be so seized, together with all Baskets or Package in which the same shall be so seized; and all such Spawn, Fry or Brood of Fish, or such other Fish as aforesaid, together with such Baskets and Package in which the same shall have been so seized as aforesaid, shall, by Order of the Justice or Justices before whom the same shall be so brought, be delivered to the Person or Persons who shall have so seized the same, and shall prosecute to Conviction any such Offender; and every Offender who shall be so convicted as aforesaid of any such Offence, shall beftdes forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Five Pounds.

Killing, taking, having in Pof-session, felling. Sec. Spawn, Fry or Brood of Filh or unfizeable Fish, See.

Conservator may seize together with Package, Stc.

Proceedings.

Conviction.

Penalty.

Penalty.

V. Pro-

no

C. 43.

58 GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

Proviso for Nets, &c. lawfully used, and for present Modes of Fiihing except as prohibited by this Act.

Recovery of Penalties.

Oath to Wit-neflTes admini-ilered by Justices of Peace, &c.

Justice may commit Party »ot paying Penalty to Com. mon Gaol, Ac.;

or levy Penalty by Dinrefs.

V. Provided aifo, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to legalize, nor to demolish, take away or destroy any Net, Fish Lock, Coop, Bay or other Work, which shall have been or may hereafter be lawfully erested, put, placed, fixed or used in any such Arm of the Sea, or Estuary or Mouth of any River, or in or upon any Bank, Sand or Shore thereof, or near thereto, or in or near any River, Rivulet, Brook, Stream, Pond, Pool or other Water, Mill Lead, Mill Dam, Sluice, or Cut, which runs into or otherwise communicates therewith, or to the present Modes or Methods used for taking and killing Fish therein, other than and as are in this Act particularly prohibited.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every the pecuniary and other Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed may be sued for, recovered and adjudged, and every Offence against this Act heard and determined, by and before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace or Magistrate for the County, Shire, Division, City or Place wherein any Offender against this Act shall be or reside, or wherein or near to which the Offence or Offences shall be committed, by and upon the Oath or Affirmation of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by the Confession of the Party or Parties; which Oath or Oaths, Affirmation or Affirmations, every such Justice of the Peace and other Magistrates aforesaid are hereby authorized, empowered and required to administer accordingly; and in case any Person who shall be convicted of any Offence or Offences against this Act, and shall not immediately upon such Conviction pay down the Penalty or Penalties, together with such Costs of Suit or Prosecution in which he, she or they shall have been so convicted or ordered to pay as aforesaid, into the Hands of the Justice or Justices of the Peace or Magistrate as aforesaid, by and before whom he or she shall have been so convisted, or other Person by them or any of them authorized to receive the same, in order that the same may be disposed of and distributed according to the Directions of this Act, it shall be lawful for any such Justice or Justices of the Peace or Magistrate aforesaid to order any Constable or other Peace Officer to take the Charge of and keep in Custody any such Person so convicted; and immediately thereupon every such Justice or Justices of the Peace or Magistrate is hereby authorized, empowered and required to grant his or their Warrant or Warrants in due Form of Law, under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, and thereby commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, Shire, Division, City or Place for which such Justice or Justices or Magistrates aforesaid shall Act, for such time or times hereinafter mentioned, unless the said Penalty or Penalties and Costs shall respectively be sooner paid; or otherwise such Justice or Justices of the Peace or Magistrate shall and may grant his or their Warrant or Warrants in due Form of Law, under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to levy and recover the said Penalty and Penalties and Costs by Diftrefa and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels 5 and that all Penalties and Forfeitures which shall be so paid or levied as aforesaid, shall from time to time be paid, applied and disposed of as follows; (that is to say, ) One Moiety thereof to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety, after defraying aH Costs, Charges and Expences attending the Prosecution, and the levying and recovering of the Penalty, to the Overseers

of

58° GEO. III.

C. 43.

Ill

of the Poor of the Parish or Place where the Offence or Offences shall hare been committed; and the Overplus of the Money levied remaining (if any there be) after any Penalty or Penalties, and all Costs, Charges and Expences attending the levying and recovering thereof are deducted, (which Coils, Charges and Expences shall always be taxed, settled and ascertained by and before the Justice or Justices of the Peace or Magi ft rate, as by or before whom any such Offender shall be convicted, ) shall on Demand be returned to the Owner or Owners of the Goods and Chattels so distrained \ and in case sufficient Distress or Distresses shall not be found, or such Penalty or Penalties and Costs shall not be immediately paid, that then it shall be lawful for any such Justice or Justices of the Peace or Magistrate, and he and they is and are hereby respectively authorized, empowered and required, for the first Offence to commit every such Offender or Offenders to such Gaol or House of Correction as aforesaid for any time not exceeding Four Months nor less than Two Months, for the Second Offence any time not exceeding Eight Months nor less than Six Months, and for the Third and every other Offence, for any time not exceeding Twelve Months nor less than Eight Months, there to be kept at hard Labour, and be and remain without Bail or Mainprize.

VII. And be st further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace or Magistrate, or any of them, and they are hereby required, upon Information being made to him or them upon Oath against any Person or Persons who shall or may offend against any thing contained in this Act, to grant his or their Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to apprehend any Person or Persons so offending, and cause such Offender or Offenders to be brought before him or them, or (bme other such Justice or other Magistrate 5 or it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Justice or Justices, or other Magistrates as aforesaid, upon any Information made without Oath, to grant his or their Summons or Summonfes against the Party charged with any such Offence or Offences, or for any Witness or Witnesses to prove any such Offence or Offences as aforesaid; and if any such Person or Persons who shall be duly summoned shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place appointed by such Summons or Summonfes, every such Justice or Justices of the Peace or Magistrates shall and may, upon Oath being made of the Person or Persons being so duly summoned, grant his or .their Warrant or Warrants, under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to apprehend and bring before him and them, or some other such Justice or Magistrate as aforesaid, the Party or Parties who shall neglect or refuse to appear after being duly summoned as aforesaid; and such Justice or Justices or other Magistrates aforesaid shall inquire into, hear and determine the Matter of every such Offence or Offences in a summary Way.

VIII. And be it further enacted. That no Owner, Farmer or Occupier of, or any Person otherwise interested in any Fi(hery or Right of Fiftiing in any Arm of the Sea, River or other Water aforesaid, shall be deemed an incompetent Witness to prove any Offence or Offences done or committed against this Act, by reason of his or her being such Owner, Farmer or Occupier.

If no Dtflrefi, then Party committed to Geo), &c. and kept to hard Labour.

Justices, on receiving Information, may grant Warrants for apprehending Offenders;

or Summons and Warrant for Party or Wit-nestes;

and may determine summarily.

Owners, Stc. of Fisheries may be Witnesses to prove Offences,

IX. And

C. 43.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

How Penalties may be fried for.

Form of Con-vi&ion.

Mo double Pro-fecutioo.

Appeal

IX- And be it further enacted, That every pecuniary Penalty and Forfeiture imposed by this Act may be recovered in a summary manner according to the Provisions of this Act, or may be sued for and recovered, together with full Coils of Suit, by and to the only proper Use and Behoof of any Person who shall inform or sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Effoign, Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Conviction of every Offender against this Act shall be certified by the Juilice or Justices of the Peace by and before whom the same shall be made, to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the County, Riding, Division, City or Place where the Offender or Offenders shall be convisted, and shall there be filed amongst the Records of the said SeiBons; and every Conviction shall be in the Form of Words, or to the following Effect :

* T)E it remembered, That on the Day of

* in the Year jf. B. was,

* upon the Complaint of C. D* convicted before me [or us] E. JF*.

' One [or Two] of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace [as the case € may be-\ for in pursuance of an Act

* made in the Fifty eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King

* George the Third, [Infert the Title of the AB-\ for that the said

* [Jlate the Offence] [and if a Case in which

* different Penalties are imposed for repeated Offences] this being the

* First Offence, [Second or Third Offence, as the case may be-\ and

* I [or we] do hereby adjudge him [her or them] to pay and forfeit

* for the said Offence, the Sum of of j

* lawful Money of Great Britain, together the farther Sum of |

* for Costs of Suit and Prosecution, to i

* the said C, D. Given under my Hand and Seal, [or our Hands I

* and Seals, as the case may be-\ at in the County of

* the Day and Year above written/

Which said Conviction and Adjudication shall be good and valid in Law to all Intents and Purposes, and shall not be quaffied, fet aside or adjudged void or inefficient for want of Form only; and shall not be liable to be removed by Certiorari or otherwise into His Majesty's Court of King's Bench, or any other of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, but shall be deemed and ta£en to be final to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XI. And be it further enacted, That where any Offender shall be punished for any Offence by virtue of this Act, such Offender shall not again be prosecuted nor incur any Penalty by virtue of any other Law or Statute now in force, or be liable to any other Punishment for the same Offence.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall think himself or herself aggrieved by the Judgment of any Justice of the Peace or Magiffrates in any of the Cases aforesaid, may appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the County, Shire, Division, City or Place where such Judgment shall be given, at the then next or next but one General Quarter Sessions of the Peace; but, that no such Appeal shall be received, heard or determined, unless the Appellant or Appellants shall, within Ten t)ays next after such Judgment,

and

A.D.1818.

58? GEO. III.

C. 43.

113

«md Twenty Days at the least before the holding1 of fnch Sessions, give and leave in Writing, as well at the public Office of the Clerk of the Peace for such County, Shire, Division, City or Place whexy such Person or Persons shall be convi&ed* as to the Person or at the Dwelling House of the Informer or Prosecutor f, of his, her or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and shall also enter iato a Recognizance before such Justice or Justices, in such Sum as any such Justice or Justices of the Peace shall think fit, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, conditioned to try such Appeal, and likewise to pay the Cods of such Appeal, in case Judgment and Sentence shall upon the hearing thereof be given against the Appellant, within Ten Days next after the Determination thereof; and that the said Justices at their said Session shall and may, upon due Proof of such Notice given as aforesaid, hear and determine every such Appeal in a fumtnary Way, and shall award or order to the Party in whose beh|lf such Appeal shall be determined, such Costs and Charges as they m their Dif-cretion shall think reasonable and just to be paid by the Party or Parties against whom such Appeal shall be determined; and in' case such Costs and Charges shall not be paid within the Space of Tea Days next after the hearing and determining of such Appeal, the same may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons ordered to pay the same, or his or their Surety or Sureties, in the same manner and by the same Means as all Distresses are ordered to be taken under or by virtue of this A#.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Action of Law shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done or to be done by virtue or in Execution of this A#, until One Calendar Month after Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given to the Person or Persons against whom such Action shall be intended to be brought, or left at his, her or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, setting forth the Cause of such Action, and containing the Name and Puce of Abode of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and also of his or their Attorney; and that every Action brought for any thingdone or to be done as aforesaid shall be brought within the Space of Three Calendar Months next after the Cause of Action or Complaint shall arise, and shall be laid and sued in the County, Shire, Division, City or Place where the Fa# shall have been committed, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants therein may plead the General Issue, and give this A# and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done by virtoe thereof; and also that it mall and may 'be lawful to and for such Person or Persons, at any time before Action brought, to tender Amends to the Party complaining, or his or her Agent or Attorney, and in. case the same is not accepted, to plead such Tender in bar to the A#ion, together with the Plea of Not Guilty, and any other Plea, with the Leave of the Court.; and if, on the Trial of such A#ion, it shall appear that the same was brought before the Expiration of One Calendar Month next after such Notice shall have been so given or left as aforesaid, or after the End of Three Months next after the Cause thereof shall have arisen, or if such Action shall have been brought or laid in any other County or Place, than as aforesaid, or after sufficient Tender of Amends shall have been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, that then and in any of the Cases aforesaid, the Jury (haft find a Verdi# for and 56 Geo. IIL I acquit

f Sic* Recognizance.

Sessions, on Proof of Notice, to determine Appeal and Cotta.

Distress for Costs,

Notice of A option* for executing this Act,

Limitations of Adione.

General MTue.

Tender of Amends.

In wfcst case»Verdict for Defendants.

&t* GEO. III.

A.D. ISIS.

Double Casts.

Limitation of Anions for Offences.

Proviso for former A&s;

end for the Rights of Minors;

and for the Rights of Cor. porationt, Col-leges, &c.;

and of the City of London;

And of Lord Mayor, as Con-fervator of the Thames, Ac.

56 O.l. c. lxxxiii. extended to this Att.

43 G.3.C.80,

C. 45, 44.

acquit the Defendant or Defendants in fnch Adson; or if the Plain* tiff or Plaintiffs shall disconthroe the same after the Defendant or Defendants shall hare appeared^ or shall be nonsuited, and if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be green again ft: the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants in fnch Action shall have Double Costs, and have the like Remedies for recovering the same as Defendants have for recovering their Costs in other Cues at Law; and that no Action, Suit, Information or other Proceeding whatsoever fhaU be brought or commenced against any Person or Perform for any Offence or Offences against this A A, unless the same shall be laid or commenced within Six Calendar Months next after any such Of-ence or Offences shall have been committed.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend or alter any Ad or^Ada of Parliament, or any Clause, Provision, Regulation or Penalty or Forfeiture contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament in force for the Regulation of any Fi(hery dr Fisheries, or the Preservation thereof, or of the Brood, Spawn or Fry of Fi(h, in any particular County or Arm of the Sea, Estuary or River.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That nothing herein contained shall extend to affect the Rights of any Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of any Manors and it flail be lawful for such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, and they are hereby required to appoint Conservators for the Protection of any River or Rivers within their respective Manors.

XVI. Provided alSo, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing is this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prejudice or derogate from the Rights, Interests, Privileges, Franchises or Authority of any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or CoUegtate, or their Sncceffors, or to prohibit, defeat, alter or dhninifti arty Power, Authority or Jurisdiction which Such Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, at the time of the passing of this Act, did or might lawfully claim, use or exerctfe in any River or Rivera as aforesaid.

XVII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted and declared. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to esteod, to prejudice or derogate from the Rights, Interests, Privileges, 'Franchises or Authority of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or their Sncceffors, or the Lord Mayor of the fold City for the time being, or to prohibit, defeat, alter ofr dimi» nifti any Power, Authority or Jurisdiction^ which, at the time of making this Act, the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or the Lord Mayor of the said City for the time being, as Conservator of the River Tkamot and Waters of jlfefawy, did or might lawfully daim, use or exercise.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act to alter the Application of Part of the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds granted by-an A paled in the Fifty sixth Tear of die Reign of His present Majestyv Intituled A8

fir improving the Road front the City <J Glafgour to tit City of Cadifle..[a8dl *8t8.]

CAP.

58° GEO. IIL

(a 45.

115

CAP. XLV.

An AEt for building and promoting the building of additional Churches in populous PariQies. [30th May 1818.]

WHEREAS the Population of Great Britain, 9*6 more parti* cularly in the Metropolis and its Vicinity, and in other Cities*and great Towns, has greatly increased, and the Churches and*Chapels now existing in the Metropolis and its Vicinity, and in 4 many great and populous Parishes and Extra Parochial Places, are 4 inadequate to the Accommodation of the Inhabitants thereof: And 4 Whereas it is therefore necessary that such Evil should be remedied, 4 and that additional Churches and Chapels for the Celebration of*Divine Service, according to the Rites of the United Church of ' England and Ireland, as by Law eftahlished, should be erected and 4 maintained in fnch Parishes and Places, and that a certain Number 4 of free Seats should be made therein: And Whereas His Royal 4 Highnefa the Prince Regent, acting in the Name and on the beT*half of His Majesty, is desirous of aiding His Subjects in the 4 establi filing additional Churches in such Panfiies and Places as may 4 require the same; ' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of die Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commous, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by Warrant or Warrants under His Royal Sign Manual, to authorize and empower the Commissioners of His Majesty'a Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland now or for the time being, or any Three or more of them; or the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, to cause or diredfc any Num*-ber of Exchequer Bills to be made out at His Majesty's Exchequer at fVcJlminJlcr, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of One Miilion, in the same or like manner. Form and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Dire&ions (except where other Directions for making out the same are contained and particularly expressed in this Act), as in and by an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the issuing and Paring off of Exchequer Bills, are enacted and prescribed.

IL And be it further $naAed, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities contained m the said recited AtiL of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-cna&ed in the Body of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted. That the said Exchequer Bilh to be made out in pursuance of this Act*shall and may bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Two pence per Centum per Diem upon or in respect of the whole of the Monies respectively contained therein, and the. Principal and Interest thereof refpeaively shall be made payable at such Periods as shall be fixed by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the said Lord nigh Treasurer for the time being: but nevertheless so as that

12 all

His Majesty may authorise Commillionera of Treasury to ilfue Exchequer Bills not ex. etri-ing One Million.

48 G. 3. c.i.

Powers of 48 G. 3. c. 1. extended to Exchequer Bills made out under this AO.

Bills to bear an Interest of Two pence per Cent, per Diem.

C. 45.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Times when payable.

Such Bills not Co be exchanged for Money by Col-k&or, flee. before the Day appointed for their Payment, flee.

nor Action for refufiug to Exchange.

Treafary to direct Exchequer to HTue Bill* in O. B. agreeably to Certificates of Com-tniffionera.

Total Amount.

Date and Signature of Exchequer Bdli.

all such Bills ns shall be advanced for the carrying the Purposes of this AA into Execution, shall be made payable within Three Years from the issuing thereof; and the principal Sum contained in every such Bill, and with such Interest as aforesaid, shall be paid off and dif-ebarged upon the Days and times refpeAively appointed for the Payment thereof.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every the Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this AA, or so many of them as shall from time to time remain undischarged and uncancelled after the refpeAive Days on which they shall become due and payable, shall and may after that time pass and be current to all and every the Receivers and ColleAors in Great Britain of the Cuf-toms, Excise or any Revenue, Supply, Aid or Tax whatsoever due or payable to His Majesty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, and also at the Receipt of Exchequer at Westminster from the said Receivers or ColleAors; but no such Receiver or ColleAor shall exchange, at any time before the said Day of Payment thereof, for any Money of such Revenues, Aids, Taxes or Supplies in his Hands, any Exchequer Bill which shall have been issued as aforesaid by virtue of this AA; nor shall any Action be maintained again ft* such Receiver or ColleAor for negleAing or refusing to exchange any such Exchequer Bill for ready Mouey before the said Day of Payment thereof, any thing in this A A to the contrary contained in any wise notwithstanding j and that such of the same Bills as shall be received at the said Receipt of Exchequer shall and may be locked up and secured as C?(h, according to the Course of tUfe said Exchequer settled and established by Law for locking up and fecuriug Monies received in Specie there.

V. And be it further enacted, That from time to time as the Commissioners for the Execution of this AA, to be appointed as is hereinafter provided, shall find it necessary to apply to the Purposes thereof any Amount of such Bills to be advanced under the Provisions of this AA, the said Commissioners shall forthwith represent the same*to the said Lord HighTreafurer or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury of Great Britain and Ireland; and the said Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners, or any Three or more of them for the time being, shall thereupon, if satisfied of such Necessity, direA that such Portion of such Exchequer Bills shall be issued by the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster for the time being to the said Commissioners for the Execution of this AA | and the said Auditor shall, immediately on the Receipt of such DireAion, cause and direA to be delivered to the Secretary of the said Commissioners, Exchequer Bills payable at such Periods and to such Amount as shall in such DireAion be specified, provided that the Total Amount to be so issued by virtue of such Certificates shall not at any one time exceed the Amount of Exchequer Bills direAed to be issued under this AA; and every such Exchequer Bill shall bear Date on the Day on which the said DireAion mall be so received by such Auditor, or such other Day as shall in such DireAion be specified; - and all such Exchequer Bills shall and may be signed by tie Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, or in his Name by any Person duly authorized by the said Auditor to sign Exchequer Bflls.

VI. And

A.D. 181 a

58° GEO. III.

C. 45.

U7

VI. And be it farther enacted, That the Officer or Officers of the Exchequer, by whom such Exchequer Bills shall be delivered, shall from time to time, upon Requisition of the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, deliver or cause to be delivered to them at their Office, complete Lifts of all the Exchequer Bills so made out and delivered, specifying therein the respective Dates and Sums ex-preffed therein, and the Periods appointed for the Payment of the same, and diftinguifti the Persons to whom and the Numbers of the Certificates by virtue whereof the same respectively were made out and delivered.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance or lend to His Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer of Great Britain, upon the Credit of the Exchequer Bills issued under this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of One Miilion; any thing in an Act made in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An A3 for grant ing to Their Majejliet fevered Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of

. Ships and Vejfcls> tend upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors; and for.feeuring certain Recompences and Advantages in the said A3 mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on the War again/l France, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, to nominate, constitute and appoint such Persons as His Majesty shall deem fit to be His Commissioners for carrying into Execution the Purposes of this Act, and to order and direct in such Appointment that any Five or more of such Commissioners may ad m the Execution of the Powers of this Act; and such Commission shall continue in force for the Term of Ten Years from the Date of such Letters Patent, unless His Majesty shall think fit sooner to alter or revoke the same.

Lifts of Exchequer Bills made out to be delivered to Commissioners.

Bank may advance Money on Credit of Act.

W.ftM.

cso,

His Majesty empowered to appointCom-missioners for executing Act.

IX. And be it further enacted. That the said Commissioners shall Commissionerr examine into the present State of the Parishes and Extra Parochial 10 «**nine th* Places in the Metropolis and its Vicinity, and in all other Parts of

England and Wales, lo far as conveniently may be, for the Purpose of r> ascertaining the Parifties and Places in which additional Churches or Chapels for the Perfoimance of Divine Service, according to the Rites of the United Church of England and Ireland as by Law efta-bliihed, are most required, and the tmoft effectual and proper Means of affording such Accommodation. :

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners

Commissioners to appoint a Secretary and Clerk, and to employ such m*y *PPoint Surveyors and other fit Persons to make Plans and Estimates, and "d

(if the Commissioners shall deem the same neceflary) Surveys and surveysTlt Reports for the Purpose of affording to the Commissioners all such ports, &c. sod Information as they may require for the Purpose of ascertaining the* assign reason-beft Mode of providing nt and proper Accommodation for the largest Salaries. Number of Persons at the least Expence; and may assign and pay

to all such Persons reasonable Salaries or Rewards tor their Services therein.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Treafiiryto laid1 Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or issue Money for

13 mote defraying

C.45.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

Charges in-cuured in the Execution of t us of which ah Account shall be laid before Par-1 ament.

Com mioners to draw up Rules for their Proceedings, add fix the Sums to be allowed for building Churches, and l*y such Rules before His Majesty in Council

Commissioners may grant Money for the building the Churches in Parishes of certain Population, and in want of Accommodation.

more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being and they are hereby respectively authorized, to issue and advance, or cade to be issued and advanced, all such Sums of Money as shall appear to them to be necessary, to such Person or Persons, m such manner and in such Proportions as the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, or any Five or more of them respectively, shall by Writing under their Hands from time to time desire, and as shall be approved by the said Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them for the time being; and such Sums respectively shall and may be issued out of any Part of the Public Monies remaining in His Majesty's Exchequer at Wcjhnrnjler; which Sums so to be issued and advanced shall be applied to the Payment of Allowances and Rewards as aforesaid, and in defraying all other necelTary Charges and Expences in or about the Execution of this Act, without other Account than before the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury $ and which Money so to be issued fhaU not be subject to any Tax, Duty, Rate or Afieflment whatsoever, imposed by Authority of Parliament; but that an Account of the said Charges and Expences, so long as the said Commission shall remain in force, shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament on or before the Twenty fifth Day of March in each Year, if Parliament shall be then fitting; but if Parliament shall not be then fitting, then within Fourteen Days after the Commencement of the then next Sef-lion of Parliament.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, as soon after their Appointment as the obtaining necessary Information will allow, draw up certain Rules for their general Proceedings, and shall fix and specify therein the fargeft Amount of Allowances to be granted for building any Church, and make such other Regulations as the said Commissioners shall deem expedient and necessary to be fixed and known, for the furtherance ot the Purposes of the Act, and from time to time, as Occasion may require, shall have Power to alter or vary any such Regulations, and to make any fudi further or additional Regulations as they may deem expedient; and all such Rules and Regulations shall be laid before His Majesty in Council, who shall have Power to approve or disallow the same.

XIII* And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to make, in His Majesty's Name, out of the Sum so appropriated by this Act, Grants for building, or to catxfe to be built, Churches or Chapels in such Panflies or Extra Parochial.Places only in which there.is a population of not less than Four thou- | sand Persons, and in which there is not Accommodation in theChurches or Chapels therein for more than One fourth Part of such Population to attend Divine Service according to the Rites of the United Church of England and Ireland, or in which there shall appear to the said Commissioners to be One thousand Persons resident more than Four Miles from any such Church or Chapel, and in which the Commissioners shall be (atisfied, from the Circumstances of such PariJh or Extra Parochial Place, of the Inability of the ParHhioners and Inhabitants thereof to bear any Part of the Charge of such Building in addition to the Charge hereinafter mentioned; and also to make Grants or Loans to assist in building such Churches and Chapels in such other .Parishes or Places as may contain a like Population, 'and may equally require further Accommodation for Divine Service, ^but

58* GEO. III.

a 45.

119

ia which the bid Commifioners may deem the Puifiuoners and Inhabitants thereof capable of bearing a Part of the Expence of erecting filch Churches and'Chapels, or of repaying the same by Inftalmentg, if advanced by way of Loan.

* XIV. And Whereas the Sum granted by this Act is inadequate

* to the affording Grants to all the Parifl&es and Extra Parochial Places

in want of fumcient Accommodation for Attendance upon such Di-4 vine Service as aforesaid: And Whereas many of such Parishes and

Extra Parochial Places may be disposed to raise by Rates, within

* limited Periods» certain Proportions of the Sums required to 4 build such Churches or Chapels respectively, or well disposed Per-4 ions within the same or elsewhere may be willing to raile by Sub-4 scription such Proportions, or such a Part thereof as, together with 4 the Money to be raised by Rate, will amount to such Proportion ; 9 Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, upon any Parish or Extra Parochial Place so offering to contribute or raise by Rates or Subscription, - or by Rates aided bv Subscription, such Proportion of the Expence of building any Churcn or Chapel, or Churches or Chapels which may be required in any such Parish or Extra Parochial Place, as shall have been fixed as a proper Proportion by the said Commissioners according to any such -Rules and Regulations as aforesaid, or Audi be deemed by the said Commissioners a proper Proportion, and they are hereby empowered to grant to any such Parish or Extra'Parochial Place the remaining Sum necessary to build any such Church or Churches, or Chapel or Chapels, and to advance and lend to such Parish or Extra Parochial Place any Part of the Proportion so proposed to be raised by Rates as aforesaid.

XV. Provided always, and be.it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, in the Seledions of Parishes and Extra Parochial Places for making their Distribution of the Sums granted by this Act, shall have regard to the Amount of Population in. such Parishes and Extra Parochial Places, and also to the Disproportion between the Number4>f Inhabitants and the present Accommodation for Attendance upon Divine Service according to the Rites of the United Church of England and Ireland as by Law established j and in giving Preference among such Parishes and Extra Parochial Places, fhafi have regard to the Proportion of the Expence of affording the Accommodation required which shall be offered to be contributed or raised in Aid of the Purposes of this Act, towards the building Churches or Chapels in fucn respective Parishes or Extra Parochial Places, and to the pecuniary Ability of the Inhabitants of such Parishes or Places; and the said Commissioners, in giving Preference as between Parishes and Extra Parochial Places not offering to contribute any Proportion of such Expence as aforesaid, shall have regard to the Order of Priority in which Parishes and Extra Parochial Places under similar Circum-ftances as to Population, and Disproportion between such Population and the Accommodation afforded by the Churches and Chapels therein, shall have provided and given Notice to.the Commiflfoncr&pf

having provided Sites for the Churches intended to be built in such rtspective Parishes or Extra Parochial Places.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in every Case in which the said Commissioners shall be ?f opinion.that it will be expedient to divide any Parish iat? Two or .snore difliad and separate Parishes

14 for

Commissioners may make Grant! and ad-vane. Monty to build Churches in Parishes, 6cc. where a certain Proportion of the Ex pence is raised by Rate or Subscription.

Rules-to be observed by Com-miffiooers/m felelting ParifljM for Grant!; and In giving Prefer-sacs of Grants.

Upon Representation of the Commissioners in manner dated, Parishes

C. 45.

58d GEO. III.

by order of The King in Council may be divided into separate Parities for all Ecclesiastical Purpofea.

Tithetf See. to belong to the Incumbent of each Division.

New Churches of divided Partthes to remain Chapel* ofEafe during existing Incumbency.

New Churches, when Division complete! to be Rectories, Vicarages or Perpetual Curacies, like original Parish.

Donatives to lap(e9 if no Ap-

A.D.181&

for all ecclesiastical Purpofea whatever, it shall be lawful for the said CommHfioners, with the Consent of the Bishop^ of the Diocese in which such Parish is locally situated, signified finder his Hand aod Seal, to apply to the Patron or Patrons of the Church of such Pari fh, for bis Consent to make such Division, and for such Patron or Patrons to signify his or their Consent thereto under his Hand and Seal; and the said Commissioners shall, upon the Consent of the said Patron or Patrons so signified, represent the whole matter to His Majesty in Council, and mall state in such Representation the Bounds by which it is proposed, with such Consent as aforesaid, to divide such Parish, together with the relative and respective Proportions of Glebe Land, Tithes, Modufes or other Endowments, which wiH by such Division arise and accrue, and remain and be, within each of such respective Divifiona j and also the relative Proportions of the estimated Amount of the Value or Produce of Fees, Oblations, Offerings or other Ecclesiastical.Dues or Profits which may arise and accfue within each of such respective Divifiona; and if thereupoa His Majesty in Council shall think fit to direct such Division to be made, such Order of His Majesty in Council shall be valid and good in Law for the Purpose.of effecting such Division: Provided always, that no such Division of any Parish into distinct Parishes shall completely take effect until after the Death, Resignation or other Avoidance of the existing Incumbent of the Parish to be divided.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Tithes, Moduses, Endowments or other Ecclesiastical Dues or Profits belonging to the Incumbent of any such Parish, whether by Endowment, Prescription, Usage or otherwise, shall, when so divided as aforesaid, belong to and be recoverable by the Incumbents of the Churches of each of the Divifiona refpe8ively of the Parish to which they shall be assigned, in like manner in every respect as they were before recoverable by the Incumbent of the original Parish.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enatied, That during the Incumbency of the existing Incumbent of any such Parish, every new Church therein built, purchased, assigned or provided at the intended Parish Church of any Division intended to become and be a distinct Parish, shall remain a Chapel of Ease, and shall be served, during the Incumbency of such Incumbent *of the original Parish, by

*a Curate to be nominated by such Incumbent, and licensed by the Bishop of the Diocese, and paid in manner hereinafter directed.

XIX. And be it further enacted. That every such diftinfit and separate Parish as aforesaid shall, when such Division as aforesaid

«shall become complete by the Death, Resignation or other Avoidance of the existing Incumbent of the original Parish, be deemed either a Re&ory, Vicarage, Donative or Perpetual Curacy, and the Spiritual Person serving the same, the Re&or, Vicar or Perpetual ' Curate thereof, or Person having Cure of Souls therein, 'according to the Nature of the original Church of the Parish so divided, and mall be for ever thereafter Tubjeft to the Laws, Provisions and Regulations, as to Presentation and Appointment, and as to Institution, Collations, Induction or Licence, and to all such Jurisdiction of the Bishop, or # other Jurisdiction, and to holding Benefices as are by Law applicable to the original Parish.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all such Donatives and Perpetual Curacies shall be subjeA to Lapse as Benefices, if do

Appoint-

58°: GEO.III.

C. 45.

121

Appointment of. a Spiritual Person thereto shall be made within Si* Months after any Death9 Resignation, Removal or other Avoidance of the Incumbents thereof respectively: Provided also, that no Spiritual Person appointed to any such Donative or Perpetual Curacy shall be removable at the Pleasure of any Person, or Body Corporate or Politic, having the Power of Appointment thereto.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in any Case in which the said Commissioners shall be of opinion that it is not expedient to divide any populous Parish or Extra Parochial Place into such complete, separate and distinct Parishes as aforesaid, but that it is expedient to divide the same into such Ecclesiastical Diftri&s as they, with the Consent of the Bishop signified under his Hand and Seal, may. deem necessary for the Purpose of affording Accommodation for the attending Divine Service according to the Rites of the United Church of England and Ireland, to Persons redding therein, in the Churches and Parochial Chapels already built, or in additional Churches or Chapels to be built therein, and as may appear to such Commissioners to be convenient for the enabling the Spiritual Person or Persons who may serve such Churches or Chapels to perform all Ecclesiastical Duties within the Diftri&s attached to such respective Churches and Chapels, and for the due Ecclesiastical Superintendence of such Piftri&, and the Preservation and Improvement of the religious and moral Habits of the Persons redding' therein, the said Commissioners shall represent such Opinion to His Majesty in Council, and shall (late in such Re-presentation the Bounds by which such Diftri&s are proposed to be described $ and if thereupon His Majesty in Council shall think fit to direct such Division to be made, such Order of His Majesty in Council shall be valid and good in Law for the Purpose of effecting such Division; or in any Case in which the said Commissioners shall be of Opinion that it is not expedient to make any such Division into such Ecclesiastical Diftri&s as aforesaid, the said Commissioners may build or aid the Building of any additional Chapels in any fuen Parishes or Extra Parochial Places, to be served by Curates to be respectively nominated and appointed by the respective Incumbents of the Churches of the respective Parishes or Extra Parochial Places, and licenfed* by the Bishop of the Diocese; such Curates to be paid such Salaries as shall be assigned by the said Commissioners, under the Prorifions of this Act, in manner hereinafter directed.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the several new Parishes created by any such complete Division as aforesaid, and also the several Diftri&s of any Parish or Extra Parochial Place where any such Division thereof shall have been so made as aforesaid, shall be al-certained and marked out by described Bounds, and the Description of such Bounds shall be enrolled in the High Court of Chancery, and be registered in the Office of Registry of the Diocese, and Notice thereof given in such manner as the Commissioners shall deem necessary and direct for that Purpose.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if His Majesty in Council, upon the Representation of the said Commissioners, made with the Consent of the Biffiop of the Diocese, signified under his Hand and Seal, shall think fit to alter such Boundaries at any time within Five Years after such Enrolment, .such Order in Council (h*ll be valid and good in Law for the. Purpose of effc&ing such Aiteration, and

the

pointment mad in Six Months.

Parishes may by Order of King in Council be divided into fce-clefiaftical Dif-tridts, or otherwise Commif-(ioners m«y build or aid the building Chapels to be served by Curates to be appointed by the Incumbent of the Parish.

DiftriAa when made to be described, and Description of; Boundaries'enrolled in Chances y, &c.

King in Council may alter such Boundaries.

58°"GEO. IIL

Diftri&s to bt separate Parishet for all Ecclefi-iflical Purpofea.

Etctption.

How far Churches and Chapel* of such District* to be deemed Bene* frees presenta-tlve.

No DiAria Church or Chapel hold with oc%hialorany other Church.

All Aa* of Parliament, &c. re* latiog to publiOi. log Banns of Marriage, &c. to apply to such distinct Parishes, Churches and Chapels.

C. 45.

A.D. 1818.

the same shall be enrolled and registered iir like manner as is above

mentioned.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That such Boundaries Audi continue and be the Boundaries of such Pariihes or Diftri&s respectively, unlefa so altered, and such Di ft rids shall thereupon become and be called District Parishes, by such Names as shall be given to them respectively in the Instrument so enrolled as aforesaid, and shall become and be separate and distinct District Pariihes, and the Churches and Cbapels respectively assigned to such Districts shall, when duly consecrated for that Purpose, become and be the District Parish Churches of such District Pariihes, for all Purposes of Ec-clefiaftical Worihip and Performance of'Ecciefiaftical Duties, and as to all Marriages, Christenings, Churching* and Burials, and the Re* gjftry thereof respectively within the same, and in relation to all Fees, Oblations and Offerings, and the demanding, suing and prosecuting for and recovering the same, and as to all other Purposes whatsoever, save and except as is in this Act partiqilarly excepted. *

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every Church and Chapel built or acquired under the Provisions of this Act, and appropriated to any such District Parish so made under the Provisions of this Act,

. shall be deemed a Perpetual Curacy, and shall be considered in Law as a Benefice Presentative, so far only as that the Licence thereto shall operate in the same manner as Institution to any such Benefice, and Thall render voidable other Livings in like manner as Institution to any such Benefice, and the Spiritual Person serving the same shall be deemed the Incumbent thereof; and such Incumbents shall have perpetual Succession, and shall be and are hereby declared to be Bodies Politic and Corporate, and may receive and take such Endowments in Lands or Tithes, or both, or any such Augmentation as shall be granted to them of their SuccefTors$ and all such Incumbents, and all Persons presenting or appointing any such Incumbents shall respectively be subject to all Jurifdidions and Laws Ecciefiaftical or Common, and to all Provisions, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures contained in any Acts of Parliament in force relating thereto respectively; and in case of any Failure or Negkd in not presenting or nominating any such Incumbent for the Space of Six Months, such Presentation or Appointment shall thereupon lapse as in Cases of actual Benefices.

XXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That po such Church or Chapel of any such Parish or District Parish created according to the Provisions of this Act, shall be tenable or holden with the original Church of the Parish or Extra Parochial Place out of which such Parish or District Parish shall have been taken, or with the Church or Chapel of any other such Parish or District Parish.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Acts of Parliament, Laws and Customs relating to publishing Banns of Marriage, Marriages, Christenings, Churching* and Burials, and the registering thereof, and to all Ecciefiaftical Fees, Oblations or Offerings, (hau apply to such separate and distinct Pariihes and District Parishes so made as aforesaid, when they shall so become complete, separate -and distinct Parishes or District Parishes, under the Provisions of thk Ad, after the Death, Resignation or other Avoidance of the drifting incumbents respectively in each such Parish or Extra Parochial

Place,

58° GEa III*

C.45.

123

Place, and to the Churches and Chapels thereof, and to the Ecefe-Itaftical Persona having Cure of Souls, or serving the same, in like manner in every respect as if the same respectively had been ancient, separate and distinct Pariffies and Parish Churches by Law, to all Intents and Purposes.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That no Banns of Matrimony shall be pubtiflied or Marriages celebrated or solemnized, or Baptisms or Churchings had, by any Person whatever, Mrithin any Church or Chapel of any such separate and distinct Parish, so made by any such Division as aforesaid, or in any private House therein, or witnin any such Diftridfc Church or Chapel, or in any private House within such District, nor shall any Burials be performed within any Cemetery appertaining or belonging to any such Church or Chapel by any Person whatever, except by the Incumbent of the Church of the Parish or Extra Parochial Place from which such Parish shall have been Separated, or some Curate of such Incumbent duly licensed in that behalf, until after the Death, Resignation or other Avoidance of the Spiritual Person who shall be the Incumbent of the Church of the Parish or the Extra Parochial Place at the time of the Consecration of any such Church or Chapel of any such fepa-rated Parish or District Parish; and from and alter the Death, Resignation or other Avoidance of the then Incumbent, to be certified under and according to the Provisions of this Act, Banns of Matrimony may be published, and Marriages celebrated and folemnined, and Baptisms, Burials and Churchings had, within the Church or Chapel of any fnch separated Parish or District Parish, provided the same be refpedirely published, celebrated, solemnized and had according to the Laws and Canons m force within the Realm in that behalf; and all such Banns as shall be published, and dfoiril and every such Marriage and Marriages as shall be celebvatad and Solemnized in any such Church or Chapel, after the Entries, under and according to the Provisions*of this Act, of the Notification, under the Hand and Seal of the Bishop of the Diocese, of the Death, Refig-nation or other Avoidance of the Incumbent of the Church of She Parish or Extra Parochial Place, shall be as good, valid and efiedual to all Intents and Purposes as if the same were published, celebrated and solemnized in the Church of the Parish or Extra Parochial Place in which the same shall be situate.

XXIX. And be it further enacted. That the Death, Resignation or other Avoidance of the Spiritual Person who was the Incumbent of the Church of any Parish and Extra Parochial Place in which any such separated Parish or jDiftrid Church or Chapel Audi be so consecrated as aforesaid, at the time of such Consecration shall be notified by the Bishop of the Diocese, under his Hand and Seal, to the Spiritual Person then serving the Church or Chapel, and to«the Churchwardens of the Parish or Place m which the Church or Chapel shall be situate; and such Notifications shall be preferred with and Copies thereof shall be entered in the Books of Regttkers^of Marriages, Births and Burials of the Church of the Parish or Extra Parochial Place, and Copies of such Notifications Aril be rifo entered in the Books of Registers to be provided for entering the Publications of Banns and Sotemnizatian of Marriages, and the Baptifass and BuririSiin such Chapels, and such Entries Aril be authenticated by the^ Churchwardens of such Churches and Chapels respectively,

and

Banns not to be publi<hed, or Marriages, Are. had, in any such District Church or Chapel, until far the Death, Resignation or Avoidance of the Incumbent at the time of Contention of the Chord) or ChaptL

Death, Ac. of Incumbentvof

Church to be notified by Bishop, and entered in Register Books of Parish Church, See. Such Entries Evidence of Commencement of Publication of Banns, Sec. in the Chapel, *c.

C. 45.

58° GEO. HI.

A.D. 1818.

Division not to affect Glebe, Tithe, Module*, &c. but original Parish to remain aa jo all such Rights, &c.

Proviso for Poor and other Parochial Rates;

except as to Church Rates as herein mentioned.

CommilHonera may ascertain and make Com-Isolation for LofTes from Ob' lations, Offerings, &c.

Previfo for Questions of Right.

and fhaQ be sufficient Evidence of the Period of Commencement, under the Prorifions of this Act, of the Publication of Banns and Solemnization of Marriages and Baptisms, and Performance of Burials in any such Chapel or any Cemetery thereof*

XXX. And be it further enacted. That such Division of any Parish into Didrift Parishes only, and not into complete, separate and diitinft Parishes, shall not in any manner affect any Land, Glebe, Tithes, Modufe8 or Endowment of or belonging to the original Church of the Parish or Extra Parochial glace, all which shall continue to belong to the Incumbent thereof, and to be holden, demanded, taken and received by him in like manner to all Intents and Purposes as if no such Division had taken place; and the original Parish shall remain and continue a Parish, as to all such Glebe Land, Tithes, Module* and Endowment, and all Dues, Rights and Remedies in relation thereto, as if this Act had not palled-

XXXI. Add be it further enacted, That no Divisions of any Parish or Extra Parochial Place, whether it be divided into separate Parishes with the Consent of the Patron and Bishop of the Diocese, or into Didrift Parishes, nor any thing in this Act contained in relation thereto, shall affect or in any manner be construed to affect any Parish or Extra Parochial Place so divided, or the Persons residing therein, in any other respect than in this Act particularly provided, or in any manner to apply to any Poor or other Parochial Rates which may be raised in the Parish or Extra Parochial Place £o divided, or in any such separated Parish or Didrift Parish, or to the Maintenance or Relief of Poor Persons, or to any Title or Claim to such Relief, or to any Powers relating to any such Rates, or holding Vedries, or Appointment or Powers of Parish Officers, or any such Relief or Claim thereto, or to anv Act or Acts of Parliament or Law or Custom relating thereto, (ave and except as to Church Rates, in so far as the same are regulated by the Provisions of this Act; but the original Parish shall to all such Purposes remain and continue in Law a Parish to all Intents, as if no such Division thereof into separate Parishes or Didrift Parishes had been made.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners may ascertain the average Amount, in any Parish or Extra Parochial Place, of all Fees, Oblations and Offerings, whether voluntary or other wise, for the Three Years preceding the making any such Division into Didrift Parishes, and also for each Year fubfequeut to such Division, during the Incumbency of the exiding Incumbent, and may for that Purpose summon and examine upon Oath the Incumbent or any other Person or Persons, and require the Production of and examine any Books or Papers necessary for that Purpose, and shall thereupon cause Compensation to be made out of the Monies granted by this Act to the Incumbent of any such Parish, during his Incumbency, for any Loss which he may fudain by reason of the Diminution thereof, in consequence of any such Division into Didrift Parishes, and of such Fees, Oblations and Offerings being transferred thereby to the Spiritual Persons serving the Churches or Chapels of Didrift Parishes under the Provisions of this Act: Provided always, that no such Ascertainment or Compensation made thereupon, or Inquiry made, or Matter or thing done, or Evidence given or produced in.relation thereto, shall in any manner affect or prejudice any

...*Queftion

C. 45.

125

58* GEO. III.

Sueftion as to any Right or Claim in relation to any such Fees, blations or Offerings.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners said Commiiiioners to accept and take any Building or Buildings fit to maY fcccP* be used for or to be converted into such additional Churches or Chapels, *nd

and also any Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments proper for Sites churches or of additional Churches or Chapels, not exceeding in Quantity in any Chapels; one Place what may be sufficient for building of a Church or Chapel, providing a Churchyard, and making a proper and sufficient Accefa or Approach thereto, from any Persons* willing to give the fame$ and every such Site, when conveyed to the said Commissioners, and the Church erected thereupon, and Notice thereof given to the Bishop of the Diocese, shall become for ever thereafter devoted to Ecclefiaftica)

Purposes only, in order that the same may be consecrated by the

JBiffiop to Public WoHhip according to the Rites of the United

Church of England and Ireland\ as by Law establiihed: And it shall and Houset, &c

also be lawful tor the said Commissioners to accept and take from any for Residence of

Person willing to give the same, any House, Garden and Appur- Spiritual Perton.

tenances, not exceeding Ten Acres in the whole, for the Residence of

the Spiritual Person ferviug such Church or Chapel, or any Land, *

not exceeding the said Ten Acres in Quantity, for erecting such

House and Appurtenances and making such Garden, and the same

shall i immediately upon or after the Consecration of such Church or

Chapel) become and be the House and Glebe belonging to such

Church or Chapel, and vefl in the Incumbent for the time being as

such.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Fore its and Lind Revenues, of Woods, with by and with the Consent of the Lord High Treasurer of the United Consent of Tree-Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and comwiljsnd Jr eland, or any Three or more of them, in Writing, or for His Bodies Politic, Majesty by any Grant signed by the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lan- &c. may frut caper for the time being, or for the Duke of Cornwall by any Grant Sites for building signed by the Chancellor of the Duchy of Cornwall tor the time being, or for any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or Corpor- >pe ation Aggregate or Sole, to grant any such Building or Buildings, or any Site or Sites for the building of any such Churches or Chapels, with or without Cemeteries thereto, and any House or Appurtenances and Garden for the Residence of the Spiritual Person wno may serve the Church or Chapel.

XXXV. And be it further enacted. That all such Pariffies and Parilhts and Ex-Extra Parochial Places as shall be required by the Commissioners, shall tra Parochial furnish Sites for such additional Churches or Chapels as the Com- M***co missioners may deem necessary to fee built under the Provisions of this S, le* en/^ Act; and that as soon as the Commissioners shall have fixed upon any ^f^ners. Parish or Extra Parochial Place as being one in which it is necessary Notice and Pro-that a Church or Chapel should be built under the Provisions of this ceedings by Act, they shall give Notice to the Churchwardens thereof, by cauiing Commissioners such Notice to be left at their respective Places of Abode, of their a***

Intention to build or cause to be built* such Church or Chapel, and of the Extent of Ground which will be required for the Site thereof, and making a proper Access and Approach thereto* and of the Part of the Parish or Extra Parochial Place within which the same are

required

C. 45. 58 "GEO. III. A 1818.

Bodies Politic, &c. empowered to leW and convey Sites.

Form of Conveyance to the Commissioners.

required to be provided \ and the said Churchwardens shall within the Space of Fourteen Days call a Meeting of the Vestry or SeleA Vestry of the Parish or Extra Parochial Place, or the Persons pof-feffing under any Act or A As of Parliament the Powers of Vestry of the rarifh or Extra Parochial Place, for the Purpose of taking all such Measures as may be necessary for providing such Site and Approach thereto as aforesaid; and in case such Parish or Extra Parochial Place shall not be able to provide the same without Purchase, then the Vestry or SeleA Vestry, or the Persons poffcffing as aforesaid the Powers of Vestry, shall and are hereby required forthwith to proceed to treat for a Site and Approach thereto according to such Notice, but shall not conclude any Bargain for the same without the Approbation of the Commiilioners.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for aH Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Tail, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees and Feoffees in Trust, Committees, Executors and Administrators, and all other Persons and Trustees whom foe ver, not only for or on behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Succe flora, but also for and on behalf of Ceftuique Trusts, whether Infants, Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert or other Person or Persons and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised, poflefied of or interested in their own Right, and for evens other Person or Persons whom-soever who shall be seised, poffefied of or interested in any Lands, Grounds and Hereditaments which shall be set out and alcertained for any such Site, to contraA for, fell and conveys or if Copyhold to enfranchise the same and every Part thereof, unto the said Com-jniffioners under the Provisions of this A A; and all such ContraAs, Agreements, Sales, Conveyances and Afiurances shall be valid and efieAual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and all Persons whomsoever so conveying as aforesaid, are hereby indemnified for or in refpeA of any lucn Sale which he, she or they, or any of them, shall refpcAively make by virtue or in pursuance of this AA*

XXXVn. And be it further enacted, That all Conveyances and Afiurances which shall be made of any Lands or Hereditaments to the said Commissioners, or any other Person or Persons, for the Purposes of this AA, shall be made according to the Form following, or as near thereto as the Circumstances of the Case will admit (except in Cases of Purchases of Lands belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, or to the Duchy of Cornwall, for which Provision is hereinafter made); videlicet,

4 T [or we] of in con-

« fideratson of the Sum of to me [or us] paid,

4 do hereby grant and rcleafc to all ['dejerib-

4 inf the Premifei to he eonveyed] and all my Right, Title and In-4 trail to and in the lame and every Part thereof, to hold to the 4 find and their Succefioip, and to* be devoted,

when consecrated, to Ecclefi'aftical Purposes for ever, by virtue and

* according to the true Intent and Meaning of an A A passed in the

* Fifty eighth Yearof the Reign of His Majesty King George the

Third, mtittded [here set forth the Title of tbie Act'] la Witness

i a 4 whereof

58* GEO. 1IL

C. 45.

127

* whereof I hare hereunto fet my Hand and Seal, this

* Day of in the Year, of oar Lord

And all such Conveyances and Afforances shall be valid and effectual m the Law to all Intents and Purposes, and shall be a complete Bar to all Estates Tail and other Estates* Rights, Titles, Trufta and Interests, and Incumbrances whatsoever.

XXXVIII. And be it forther enacted, That in all Cases where Co^syjneeby there shall be Occasion to take Part of any Common or Waste of tilen* Grounds for the Purposes of this Act, the Conveyance thereof by the from Common*, Lord and Lady of the Manor wherein the same shall be situate, (haH fufficitnt.

be a good and sufficient Conveyance for the Purpose of veiling, the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof Under this Act as fully and effect tually as if every Person having Right of Common upon such Commons or Waste Grounds had joined in and executed fuen Conveyance} and that the Compensation to be paid for any Right of Commou upon any such Commons or Waste Grounds as aforesaid shall be paid to the Churchwardens of the respective Pari fives wherein filch Commons or Waste Grounds shall lie, and shall be by such Churchwardens received an<*'for such general or public Purposes within such ParHhes ref as a Vestry of every such Parim, to be convened by such

Churchwardens for that Purpote, shall direct, except as is in this Act Ctherwife provided.

XXXIX. Provided always and be it further enacted. That all StihMionto and every Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Trufteea or other Persons hereinbefore capacitated to feU and convey any &c>.

Lands, Tenements and other Hereditaments, or enfranchise any Copy-

holds, or any Owner or Ownm, and the Occupier or Occupiers

of any Lands# Tenements or other Hereditaments required to be

taken For the Purposes of this Act, may accept and receive Satif-

fadkm for the Value of such Lauds, Tenements and Hereditaments,

or of any such Interests as aforesaid; and from and immediately after and thereupon

the thtte of making and executing fucto Sale and Conveyance, or any Commission«r»

Contract or Contreds for the same, the said Commissioners, or any toentelr»Src-

Person or Persons purchasing the same under the Provifton and for

the Purposes of this Act, may and shall be at liberty to enter upon,

and from thenceforth for ever to have, take and use the said Lands*

Tenements and other Hereditaments for the Purposes of this Act; and fa case the Parties interested in such'Lands, Tenements or He- IfPiniM redkameuts* cannot or do not agree as to the Amount or Value of JvnildTv im* filch Satisfaction^ the same shall be afeertakedand settled by the Ver- y

did of a Jury, as is hereinafter directed.

XL. And for settling all Differences which may arise between the said Commissioners xnd the several Owners of or Persons interested in any Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments which shall or may be taken or used for the Purposes of this Act; be it further enacted*

That if any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or any other Per- If Partis* urn son err Persons so interested for and on his, her or their Part or Parts; diflW*fi«d, or re^ or fbr or on the Part of his, her or their Geftuique Trusts* or of any other incapacitated Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall refuse to ac-*jury tobcim cept stich Ptarchafe Money or other Compensation as shall be offered panneUcd to by them the said Commissioners* or their Agent by or on their be* decade, half, and fhaU give Notice thereof in Writing to the Secretary for the tStfwbeirtg to the frid Commissioners within 8even Days next after such Offer (tarn hate been made, slid the Party or Parties giving such

Notice

C. 45,

58° GEO.'IIE

A.D. 1818.

To whom Com. missioners to ifliie Warrant for impannelling Jury.

Ptrfom ittpan-nelied, to ap-pair, «rc.|

and Jury to be drawn, &c.

Proceedings

thereon.

Clerk of the Peace to fum-raon Witnesses. View.

Notice as aforesaid shall therein request that the Matter or Matters in dispute may be submitted to the Determination of a Jury; or if any Body Politic* Corporate or Collegiate, or any other Person or Personi seised or possessed of or interested in any such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments as aforesaid, shall refuse to treat or agree, or shall not agree, or by reason of Absence or Disability cannot agree with the said Commissioners, or with any Person or Persons authorized by them, for the Sale and Conveyance of their respective Estates and Interests therein, or cannot be found or known, or shall not produce and evince a clear Title to the Premises they may be in Possession of, or to the Intered they shall claim therein, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or of the Person or Persons authorized by them; then and in every such Case the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby empowered and required from time to time to ifliie a Warrant under their Common Seal, to the Sheriff of the County in which such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments shall lie, or the Matter in aueftion or dispute shall arise $ or in case such Sheriff or his Under Sheriff shall happen to be one of the said Commissioners, or shall ehjoy any Office of Trad or Profit under them, or shall be otherwise interested in the Matter or Matters in question, then to the senior Coroner of the said County; and in case he shall be so interested, then to the next Coroner of such County, in point of Seniority, who shall not be so interested as aforesaid, commanding such Sheriff or Coroner or other Person (and the Sheriff or Coroner or such ocher Person is hereby empowered and required) to impannel, summon and return not less than Twenty four, nor more than Forty eight substantial and indifferent Persons, qualified to serve on Special Juries; and the Persons so to be im-pannelied, summoned, and returned as aforesaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the Justices of the Peace for the County wherein the Premises shall lie, at fpme Court of General or Quarter Sefiion8 of the Peace to be holden in and for the same County, or at some Adjournment thereof, as in such Warrant shall be directed and appointed, and to attend such Court of General or Quarter Sessions from Day to Day, until discharged by the said Court* and out of such Persons so to be impannelied, summoned and returned, a Jury I of Twelve Men shall be drawn by the Clerk of the Peace for the County wherein such Jury shall be returned, or his Deputy, in such manner as Juries for Trials of Issues joined in-His Majesty's Courts at Wcjhntnjler are by Law directed to be drawn s and in case a sufficient Number of Jurymen shall not appear at the time and Place appointed as aforesaid, the said Clerk, of the Peace as before mentioned, or his Deputy, shall return other substantial, honest and indifferent Men of the By danders, or of others who can be speedily procured to attend that Service, to make up the said Jury to the Number of Twelve s and all Parties concerned may have their lawful Challenges again ft any of the said Jurymen, but shall not challenge the Array; and the said Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, is hereby empowered and required to summon and call before the said Judices any Witnesses touching the Matters in quedion, and may order and authorize the said Jury, or any Three or more of themj to view the Place or Places, or' matters or things in controversy, and such Jury shall upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as well as the Oaths to such Witnesses, the (kid Justices are hereby, empowered and required to admioifter) inquire of, a fiefs and ascertain, apd give a Verdict for the Sum or Sums of Money

which

Verdict.

JU).i81fc

58* GEO. III.

C. 45.

129

which shall be paid for the Purchase of such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or Compensation for any Interest therein as aforesaid; and the said Justices shall give Judgment for such Purchase Money or Compensation so assessed by such Jury $ which said Ver-di&, and the Judgment thereupon, shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes upon all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and upon all Person* whomsoever, provided that Fourteen Days* Notice in Writing at the least, of the Hour and Place at which such Jury are so required to be returned, be given to the Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or to the Person or Persons interested or claiming so to be, before the time of the Meeting of the said Justices and Jury as aforesaid, by leaving such Notice at the Dwelling House of such Person or Persons, or of the Head Officer of such Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or with some Tenant or Occupier of the Premises respectively intended to be valued; and in each and every Case where a Verdi# shall be given for more Money as a Recompence or Satisfaction for the absolute Sale of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or as a Compensation for any Interest therein as aforesaid, than shall have been pre-vionfty offered by or on behalf of the said Commissioners before the summoning such Jury, and where no Compensation shall have been previouily offered in respect thereof by or on behalf of the said Commissioners, or where, by reason of Absence or other Impediment or Disability, there shall not be found any Person or Persons at hand who may be legally capacitated to contract with and make Conveyances to or receive Compensation from the said Commissioners aa hereinbefore mentioned, then and in all such Cases all the reason-able Expeuces of causing such Value or Compensation to be assessed and awarded as aforesaid shall be settled by the said Justices, and be defrayed by the said Commissioners; but if any Verdict shall be given for toe. same Sum that shall have been previouily offered by or on behalf of the said Commissioners, or for. a less Sum than shall have been so previouily offered, or in case of such Refusal to treat with or make Conveyances to the said Commissioners by any Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or by any Person or Persons whomsoever who is or are by the Provisions of this Act or other wise legally empowered to treat and convey, or receive such Compensation as aforesaid, then and in all such Cases (except where, by reason of Absence or otherwise, any Person shall have been prevented from treating and agreeing as aforesaid, in which Case all such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Commissioners), the reasonable Costs and Expences of causing such Value or Compensation to be assessed and awarded as aforesaid shall be settled in like manner by the said Justices, and be borne and paid by the Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or by the Person or Persons with whom the said Commissioners shall have such Controverfie8 or Disputes; which said Costs and Expences shall and may be dedp&ed out of the Money so assessed and awarded, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Sum or Sums of Money shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes to be Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed or awarded as aforesaid.

XLI. And be it further enacted. That if the Sheriff or other Person so directed to summon and return a Jury as aforesaid, or hja.58 Geo. III. K Deputy

Verdi# and Judgment con-clufive. Proviso.

If Verdi# for more thin the offer of Commissioners, See. Expences paid by Commissioners;

if for the ferns or a less Sum, See. Expences paid by Body Politic, &c.

Exception.

Sheriff, &c. refuting to summon e Jury Penalty.

C. 45.

58* GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Juryman or Witneffe* refuting to attend.

Sec.

penalty.

Verdi&a to be recorded at Quarter Scflfions.

Copies Evidence.

lafpe&ioa.

Fee.

Power to Com-missionen to enter upon and take PofTession ofI.ands, &c. on Payment or Tender of Pur-chafe Monies.

Deputy or Agent, shall make Default in the Premises, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and if any Person so summoned and returned as aforesaid upon such Jury shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn or to give his Verdict, or shall in any other manner wilfully neglect his Duty, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; or if any Person so summoned to give Evidence shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be examined or give Evidence, every Person so offending (having no reasonable Excuse to be allowed by the said Justices) shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; which several and respective Penalties shall and may be levied by virtue of any Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any one of the said Justices, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person so offending, rendering to him the Overplus after such Penalty and the Charges of such Distress and Sale shall be deducted; and every such Penalty so recovered from any Person who shall have been so summoned on such Jury, or to give Evidence as aforesaid, shall go and be paid to the Party who shall appear to the said Justice to be injured by the Default of such Person,

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all the said Judgments and Verdifts (being fir^ signed by the Clerk of the Peace or bis Deputy present at the taking of such Verdi&s and pronouncing of such Judgments respectively) shall be kept by the refoe&ive Clerks of the Peace amongst the Records of the Quarter Semons of the County, as the Case shall require, and shall be deemed to be Records of the said Quarter Semons to all Intents and Purpofee what foe ver; and the same or true Copies thereof shall be allowed to be good Evidence, and all Persons shall have Liberty to infpeCfc the same, paying for such Inspection the Sum of One Shilling, and to take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy the Sum of Sixpence for every One hundred Words, and so in proportion for any less Number of Words*

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment or legal Tender of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall have been contracted or agreed for between the Parties, or determined and adjusted by any Jury or Juries in manner aforesaid, for the Purchase of auy such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Lands and other Hereditament* and Piemises, or such other Person or Persons as shall be interested therein, or entitled to receive such Money or Compensation respectively, at any time after the same shall have been so agreed for, determined or awarded, if the Person or Persons so entitled or interested, or any of them, cannot be found, or shall refuse to receive the same, or /hall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the bid Commissioners, or shall refuse to execute a Conveyance or Conveyances of the Premises which shall be required for the Purposes of this Act, then upon Payment of the said Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank of England, as hereafter directed and required (in case the same shall be requifite), for the Use of such Person or Persons so interested or entitled as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and their Agents, Servants and Workmen, or any other Persons authorized by them in their behalf, immediately to enter upon such Lands, Grounds and other Hereditaments refpeCt-

58° GEO. III.

C. 45.

1SI

ively; and the Fee Ample and Inheritance thereof, together with the yearly Profits thereof, and all the EAate, Use, Trust and Interest of any Person or Persons therein, shall from thenceforth be veiled in such Person or Persons in such manner as directed in and by this Act, or as may be declared ia any Sentence of Consecration Under the Provisions of this Act, to and for the Purposes of this Act for ever; and such Tender, Payment or Investiture shall not only bar all Right, Title, Claim, Interest and Demand of the Perfba or Persons to whom the same shall or ought to have been made, but also shall extend to and shall be deemed and construed to bar the Dower of the Wife, and of every such Person, and all Estates Tail, and other Estates in Reversion and Remainder of his, her or their I flue, and of every other Person, and all Incumbrancers whomsoever therein: Provided nevertheless that before such Payment it Shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Person acting under their Authority, to dig into such Lands or Grounds for the Purpose of making any Foundation, or building any Church or Chapel, without Leave of the respective Owners or Occupiers thereof in Writing under their respective Hands.

XLlV. And be it further enabled, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Here* ditaments, or for any other Matter, Right or Interest of whit Nature or Kind soever, purchased, taken or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Fetes Covert, Infant, Lunatic, Person or Per*. Sons under any Disability or Incapacity as hereinbefore mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Ac? countant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to hit Account m parti the Cotnmissioners for building Churched together with the Name or Namfes of such Person or Persons as any Three of the Commissioners shall, by Writing signed by them, direct and appoint, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a Summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in the Purchafs of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affc&irig the same Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the same or the like Uses, Intents or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction arid Approbation of the hid Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be, conveyed to, for and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and in the same manner, as the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing un* determined'and capable of taking Efleft; and in the meantime, and until such ftirchafe fluid be made, the said Money (had, by Order

K 2 of

Tenda and Payment, &c. to bar all Rights, Dower, ice.

CommissioiWft not to dig for

Foundation, &c. till Payment.

Application of Corapenfatioa when it lhaH amount to or ei-ceed 200L

Order upon Petition.

132

C. 45.

58° GEO. III

AJ>. 1818.

When left than oooL end « ceedingaoL

When left than ao I

In case of not making out Tide,

or if Perioni in-tided cannot be

of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General, in* his Name, in the#Purchafe of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from time to time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if toy Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments purchased, taken or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to the Rents end Profits of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under 'their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, m the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, and to be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Three Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Commissioners, such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and Approving Parties, in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery,

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditamerits so purchased, taken or used for the Purposes of this Act, as the said Commissioners or any Three ^or more of them shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, and to and for the Use. and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively. .

XLVI I. And be it further enacted. That in case the Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be paid as aforesaid, shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners or any Five of them, or shall refuse to execute such Conveyance or Conveyances; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Mobey shall be so ordered to be paid as afofefaid cannot

be

*8° GEO. III.

C. 45.

133

be found $ or if the Person or Persont entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered; then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them to order the said Sum or Sums so awarded to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments [defcribing them], subject to the Order, Control and Disposition of the said Court; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the lame to be laid out and invested in the Public Funds, or to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Caftiier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums, mentioning and lpecifying for what and for whose Use the same is or are received to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arif^ touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right or Interest in any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments at the time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid and applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XLIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance thereof

K 3 respectively.

found, Purchase Monty to be paid into the Bank,

subjed to the Order of the Court of Chancery by Motiou-or Petition.

Caihier of tfee Bank to give a Receipt for such Money.

Where Question touching Title to Money, the Person who shall be in Possession of the Lands, Ac. at the time cf such Purchase, shall be deemed entitled according to. such Possession.

The Court may order reasonable Eipences of Purchafesto be paid by the Commissioners..

a 45.

58° GEO. 111.

A. D. 1818.

Mortgagee* not in Poiression to convey on Tender of Principal and Interect, and Three Month** further Interect, by Com mi f-fioners;

or on Notice al Two Months.

Proviso where Mortgage Money more than the Valoe of the Fremife*.

Proviso where Mortgage comprizes Land* other than those taken by the CommM&onem

respectively, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Ex* pence* of all Purchafea from tine to time to be made in purfuanct of this Act, or so much of such Ex pence* as the Court Audi deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtain-ing such Order, to be paid by the said Commissioners, who shall from time to time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes ss the said Court shall direct.

L. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Perforin, who shall hate any Mortgage or Mortgages oo any Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments to be taken or used for the Purpose* of this Act, not being in Possession thereof by virtue of such Mortgage or Mortgages, shall* cm the Tender of the Principal Money and Interest due thereon, together with the Amount of Three Calendar Months* Interest on the said Principal Money, by the said Commissioners, or by fnch Person or Persons as they shall appoint, immediately convey, assign and transfer such Mortgage or Mortgage* to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint; or in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall have Notice in Writing from the said Commissioners, or from fnch Person or Persons as they shall appoint, that they will pay off and dischargt the Principal Money and Interest which shall be due on the said Mortgage or Mortgages at the End or Expiration of Two Calendar Months (to be computed from the Day of giving such Notice), that then at the End of the said Two Calendar Months, on Payment of the Principal and Interest so due, such Mortgagee or Mortgagees fltatt convey, assign and transfer his, her or their Interest in the Premises to the said Commissioners, or to fnch Person or Person# as shall be appointed in Trust for them; and in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall refuse to convey and ai&gn as aforesaid on such Tender or Payment, that then all Interest on every such Mortgage shall from thenceforth cesfe and determine: Provided always, that in case the Sum due upon any such Mortgage or Mortgages, with all Interest due thereon, shall amount to more than the real Value of the Premises, to be ascertained as directed by this Act, then the (kid Commissioners shall not be liable to pay the Mortgagee or Mortgagees more than the real Value' of such Premises so ascertained a# aforesaid: Provided also, that in case any such Mortgagee shall neglect or refuse to convey or assign as aforesaid, then upon Payment of the Principal Money and Interest due on any Mortgage a6 aforesaid into the Bank of England, at the End of Two Calendar Months from the Day of giving such Notice as aforesaid, for the Use of the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, the Caihier or Caihiers of the Bank shall give a Receipt or Receipts for the said Money in like manner as i* hereinbefore directed in Cases of other Payments into the Bunk \ and thereupon all the Estate. Right, Title, Interect, Use, Trust, Property, Claim and Demand of the said Mortgagee or Mortgagees, and of all and every Person and Persons in Trust for him, her or them, shall v«ft in the farid Commissioners, and they shall be deemed to be in the aduai PofTession of the Premises comprized in such Mortgage or Mortgages, for the Purposes of this Act, to all Intents and Purpofe# whatsoever: Provided alio, that if such Mortgage or Mortgages comprize any other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments than those which (haU be so pnrehafed or taken by the (hid Commissioners, fuck Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall, upon Payment or Tender of the

Sum

58 GEO- III.

C.45<

135

Sum so ascertained as the Value of the said Lands* Tenements on Hereditaments as aforesaid, forthwith convey, assign and transfer his, her or their Interest in such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to the said Coramissioneri hereby incorporated, or to such Person or Persons as shall be appointed in Trust for them; and in Default of their doing so, and on Payment of such Money into the Bank of England^ for the Use of the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, the Caffiier or Cafliiers of the Bank shall give such Receipt or Receipts as above mentioned, and thereupon a|l the Estate, Right, Title, Interect, Use, Trust, Property, Claim and Demand of the said Mortgagee or Mortgagees, and of all and every Person and Persons in Trust tor them, in the said*Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, the Value whereof shall have been so ascertained and paid into the Bank as aforesaid, shall vest fn the said Commissioners, and they shall be deemed to be in the actual Possession of the said Premises to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and such Sums of Money shall be deducted from the Amount of the Principal and Interest due to such* Mortgagee or Mortgagees by virtue of such Mortgage or Mortgages.

4 LI. And Whereas the said Commissioners may purchase Lands**to be made use of for the Purposes of this Act, and it may happen 4 that no Church or Chapel shall be built thereoo, and by reason 4 thereof the same shall not be consecrated and devoted for ever to* 4 Ecclesiastical Purposes under this Act, and it may in such Case 4 become necessary to resell the fameBe it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, by Indenture under the Hands and Seals of any Five or more of them, to grant and convey, by way of absolute Sale, for a Consideration in Money, such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any such Part or Parts thereof as shall not be wanted for the Purposes of this Act; and all such Conveyances from the said Commissioners shall be valid and effectual, any thing in this Act contained, or any other Law, Statute or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise not with-(banding; and upon Payment of the Money which (hail arise by 8ale or Saks of such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, k shall and may be lawful for the Secretary for the time being to the said Commissioners to (ign and give Receipts for the Money for which the same shall be sold, which Receipts shall he sufficient Discharges to any Person or Persons for the Purchase Money for which such Lands or Buildings shall he so fold, or for so much thereof as in such Receipts shall be acknowledged or expressed to he received, and such Person-or Persons shall not afterwards he answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication or Nonapplication of such Purchase Money or any Part thereof« Provided always, that the said Commissioners, before they shall sell and dispose of such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall first offer to resell the same to the Person or Persons from whom they shall have purchased the same, or would have been then entitled thereto, in case the same had not been purchased by the said Commissioners, . the Price at which the same shall be refold being adjusted and settled by a Jury, in like manner as the Price for any Land to be taken in pursuance of this Act is hereinbefore directed to be settled, in case of Difference or Dispute as to the Value thereof $ and if such Person or Persons (hajl not agree, or shall refofe to rspurshafe the same, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, not interested in the Premises, to make an Affile 4 davit.

Commissionerr empowered to resell Lands not wanted.

First Offer of Refale to be made to the Persons of whom the Lands were bought.

C. 45,

58° GEO. nr.

A.D.1818.

136

0

Allowing Com-mifftoners to procure Sites for Churches for Parishes already empowered, or who are desirous to build, Sec. without Aid from the Com-miifiooers.

Commissioners not to take certain Premises without Leave of Owners, See.

Commissioners may advance Money to ParUhes to purchase Sites.

If Parish does not procure a Site, Commif-(ioners may, and charge the Ei-pence upon the Parish, &c.

davit, to be sworn before a Matter Extraordinary of the High Court of Chancery, or before One of Hia Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County where such Lands shall be situate, dating that such Otter was made by or on behalf of the said Commissioners, and that such Person or Persons did not agree or refuse to purchase such Lands or Buildings, as the Case may be; and such Affidavits shall in all Courts be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made, and not agreed to, or refused.

LI I. And be it further enacted, That in every Case in which any Parish or Extra Parochial Place is or shall be empowered by any Act Or Acts of Parliament to build any Church or Chapel, or enlarge any existing Church or Chapel, and also in every Case in which any Parish or Extra Parochial Place shall be defijrous of building any Church or Chapel, or enlarging any existing Church or Cnapel, and defraying the Expence thereof without any Aid from the Commissioners in that behalf, and are not able to' procure a fit and proper Site for such new Church or Chapel, or for the enlarging such existing Church or Chapel, by reason of the Inability of any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies, interested in such Site or any Part thereof, to convey or make a good Title to the same, freed and discharged from all Incumbrances, or shall be unwilling to treat for the Sale thereof, or cannot agree for such Sale and Purchase, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, if, upon Application made for that Purpose, and upon a Statement of all the Circumstances of the Case, they shall think it proper and expedient to proceed, under the Provisions of this Act, to procure such Site, and the Expence of procuring such Site Shall be chargeable and charged upon the Parish or Extra Parochial Place making such Application, in like manner as in Cases of Money advanced for Sites under this Act; and all the Powers, Authorities, Provisions and Regulations and Clauses in this Act contained, in relation to procuring Sites for Churches to be built under the Provisions thereof, shall extend and apply to the procuring and taking of such Sites as fully in any respect as if such Churches or Chapels were built under the Provisions of this Act.

LI 11. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained' shall empower the said Commissioners to take any private Dwelling House or Offices, or Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Pleasure Ground, Paddock or Planted Walk or Avenue appurtenant thereto, without the Consent of the Owners and Occupiers thereof.

LI V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to advance Money to any Parish or Extra Parochial Place to purchase any Site or Sites, in case, from the Amount of the Sum, or the State of the Parish or Extra Parochial Place as to its Population, Parochial Rates and other Circomstances, it may appear to the Commissioners to be proper to make such Advance; and the Commissioners shall in every such Case ailign Periods for Repayment of all Money so advanced, by Instalments within Ten Years.

LV. And be it further enacted, That if no Site shall be provided in any Parish or Extra Parochial Place, and duly notified to the said Commissioners, within Six Months after Notice shall have been given by the said Commissioners that a Site would be required in such Parish or Extra Parochial Place, it shall be lawful for the said

Commissioners,

58 GEO. IIL

C. 45<

137

Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered to purchase a Site, and charge the Expence of such Purchase upon the Rates raised or to be raised under the Provisions of this Act in such Pari Hi or Extra Parochial Place, giving Notjcd of the Amount, and of the Periods within which the Repayment by Instalments will be required.

L.VJ. And be it further enacted, That the Church Rates of the Parish shall in all Cases be and be deemed in Law to be the Security for the Repayment of all Money expended by the Parish in providing any Site or Sites, or advanced by the Commissioners to any Parish under the Provisions of this Act, or paid by the Commissioners in Cases of Neglect in providing Sites; and all such Sums of Money so expended or advanced under the Provisions of this Act, in carrying into Execution the Purposes thereof in any Parish, shall be and are hereby made chargeable and charged upon such Rates; and the Churchwardens shall in every such Case make, and they are hereby requirccftnd empowered to make, proper and sufficient Rates for repaying such Expences and Advances within the Periods or at the times which shall be specified by the Commissioners under the Authority of this Act in that behalf.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That in every Case in which any Sum or Sums of Money shall have been expended in purchasing any Site or Sites for any Church or Churches, or Chapel or Chapels, or advanced by the Commissioners under the Provisions of this Act, for any Extra Parochial Place in which no Church Rates shall be made, raised or collected, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to. require any Just ice or Justices acting in or for the Division of the County in which such Extra Parochial Place shall be, and every such Justice or Justices shall, from time to time as the Case may require, appoint Two or more proper Persons to make, raise, collect and levy Rates for making all such Payments and Repayments as may be required under the Provisions of this Act; and all such Persons so appointed shall have all such and the like Powers and Authorities for making, railing, levying and coiledting and enforcing Payment of any such Rates, as any Churchwardens have by Law in that behalf, and are hereby required and empowered to make, raise, levy and collect sufficient Rates for making such Payments and Repayments as aforesaid; and all Sums so expended or advanced shall be charged upon such Rates, and paid thereout at such Times, and in like manner and under the like Provisions, as if such Place had been and was a Parish in which Church Rates were made, levied and col-ledted by Law; and all such Rates shall be deemed in Law Church Rates for the Purposes of this Act, and made, raised, levied, collected and accounted for as such; and all Acts of Parliament, andClauses, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament, and act Powers, Authorities and Laws, Ecclesiastical or others, for the making, railing, levying, coiledting and accounting for Church Rates, shall apply and be enforced for the making, raising, levying and colleding such Rates »in any such Extra Parochial Place from time to time, when and so often as it 'shall be or become necessary to make or raise any such Rates for the Purposes of tlfis Ad.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Churchwardens of any Parish, or Persons appointed in any Extra Parochial Place, with ttie. Consent in any Parish of the Vestry or Select

Sums expended in purchasing Sites, or advanced to Pariihea by Commissioners, to be charged upon and paid out of the Church Rates.

In what case Rates may be raised by Just ice of Peace in Extra Parochial Places for the Purposes of Ad.

Such Rates deemed Church Rates.

Churchwardens, fee. may borrow Money on Credit of Rates.

C.45.

58° GEO. III

A. D. 1818.

And also Money for the Enlargement of e&ifting Churches or Chapels.

Fund for Repay* meat.

No Application to be made for building, &c. by means of Rates, tinlefs with Content of Majority of Inhabitants paying Poor Rates; or where there is a 5ele& Vestry, then with Con-fen t of not lets than Four Fifths of such Vestry; and also with Consent of Two thirds in Value of the Proprietors of Lands, dec.

Vestry, or Persons pofiefsing, under any Act Of Ada of Parliament) the Powers of Vestry, and with the Consent in any Extra Parochial Place of the Majority of the Persons who would be entitled to vote in Vestry, if the same had been a Parish assembled at any Meeting called for that Purpose, with Notice given in the Church or Chapel of the Extra Parochial Place, or in the Church or Chapel nearest adjoining thereto, to borrow any Money upon the Credit of the Rates of the Parish or Extra Parochial Place so to be made as aforeskid; and they are hereby empowered and required, in any Case in which such Money shall have been borrowed, to raise by Rate a Sum sufficient, from time to time, to pay the Interest of the Money so borrowed, and One twentieth Part of the principal Sum borrowed out of the Produce of such Rates, until the whole of the Money so borrowed shall be repaid.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawfu for the Churchwardens of any Parish, with the Consent of t)te Vestry or Select Vestry, or Persons pofieffing the Powers of Vestry, and witjj the Consent of the Bishop and Incumbent, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to borrow and raise, upon the Credit of the Rates of any such Parish, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be necefTary for defraying the Expence or any Part of the Expence of enlarging or otherwise extending the Accommodation in the then exi fling Churches or Chapels of such Parish; and to make Rates for the Payment of the Interest of such Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed and raised, and for providing a Fund of not less than the Amount of the Interest upon the Sum advanced for the Repayment of the Principal thereof j or for repaying such Principal in such manner and at such Times and in such Proportions as shall be agreed upon with the Persons advancing any such Money: Provided always, that One Half of the additional Accommodation which shall be obtained by any such Expenditure shall be allotted to uninclosed or free Seats.

LX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Appli* cation and Offer to build or to enlarge any Church or Chapel, either wholly or in part, by means of any Rates upon any Parish, shall be made, unless the major Part of the Inhabitants and Occupiers assesscd to the Relief of the Poor, in Vestry assembled, shall consent thereto, or where any Parish shall be under the Care and Management of any Select Vestry, or other Select Body, then with the Consent of not left than Four Fifths of such Sde& Vestry, by whatever Name the same may be calied, such Consent to be certified to some Just ice of the Peace acting for the Division in which such Parish or Extra Parochial Place shall be situated, by One or more of the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish or Place in refpcd of which the Application shall be made; nor unless Two third Parts in Value of the Proprietors of Messuages, Lands and Tenements within such Parish (whether for Estates ofFreehold or Copyhold, or by virtue of Leases for Terms of not less than Fifteen Years abfohite, or determinable upon a Life or Lives, ) shall have contented thereto; such Contents to be give* by Writing under the Hands of all Persons and Corporations Sole, and the Consent of every Corporation Aggregate, under the Hand of the President, Head or Chief Member thereof for the time being, and the Contents of Femes Covert, Minors, Insane Persons and Persons out of the Kingdom, by and under the Hands of their iffpcdive9Huibandsj

58* GEO. III.

C. 45.

189

Huibands* Guardians* Committees* Trufteet, Attornies or Agents* wl>6 are respectively authorized to five such Consent a, and the Consent of the major Part of the TruSees for any charitable or other Purpose*, shall he sufficient in respect of the Trust Eft ate.

I.XI. Provided also* and be it further enacted* That it shall be lawful for the Churchwardens of the Parish or Extra Parochial Place in which any such Church or Chapel shall be built* upon any such Application of the Parishtoners or Inhabitants of an Extra Parochial Place as aforesaid* and they are hereby authorized and 'required, to make Rates for the raHing the Portion stated in any such Application to be provided by means of Rates* if the Church or Chapel is pro-pofed to be bnilt partly by Subscription and partly by such Rates; or for raising the Sum necessary for the building any such Church or Chapel* if the whole Ex pence is proposed to be defrayed by Rates; or to borrow any such Sums upon the Credit of any such Rates; and in every such Case to make Rates for the Payment of the Iatfcreft of any Monies advanced for the building any inch Church or Chapel upon the Credit of the Rate, and for providing a Fund of not left than the Amount of the Interest upon the Sum advanced for the Repayment of the Principal thereof* or for repaying such Principal in such manner and at such times and in such Proportions as shall be agreed upon with the Persons advancing any such Money.

L.XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Cdmmissioners, and they art hereby empowered, to build or cause to be built Churches or Cnapels* under the Provisions of this Act, upon such Plans as they shall deem most expedient for the affording (it and proper Accommodation for the largest Number of Persons at the lraft Expeace $ and such Part of every such Church or Chapel as the Commissioners, with the Consent of the Bi(hop of the Diocese* Ggnified under his Hand and Seal, shall direct, arranged in Pews, to be disposed of and let under ike Provisions of this Act; and the Part not so arranged shall remain and be assigned for freeJSeats* to be used by the Parifltioners or Inhabitants of the PariftiV District* or Extra Parochial Place in which such Church or Chapel shall be built or acquired, without any Payment whatever.

LXIIL And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to make such Orders as they shall deem expedient as to the Amount of Rent to be referred for each Pew or Seat in any such Church or Chapel; and the Produce of such Rents shall form a Fund* out of which Provision shall be made for the Spiritual Person appointed to fervo the Church or Chapel* and for a Clerk.

LXIV. And be it further enacted* That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to assign out of Pew Rents a proper Stipend to the Spiritual Ferfon (Serving any such Church or Chapel* with Con* of the Biihopc of the Diocese, regard being had to the Extent and Population of the District assigned to the Church or Chapel, and the Sum which may probably be necessary to enable such Spiritual Person to procure a Residence in the District, and to all other Cxr-cumstances; and the said Commissioners # may also assign Salaries to the Clerks of such Churches or Chapels; and if the Commissioners and Btihops do not agree as to the Amount of any such Stipend* such Amount shall be settled by the Archbiftiop of the Province.

LXV. And

Churchwarden* of Parish where Church, 9cc. built may r life Rates for the Purpoft.

Commissioners may build Churches upon such Plans as they shall think most convenient.

Consent of Bishop.

Commissioners may settle Amount of Rents of Pews $ Application of Produce.

Commissionert to assign Stipend# to Clergymen out of Pew Rents; by whom Differ-1 ences between Commissioners and BHhop as co Stipends decided.

C. 45.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

Bifoopt may LXV. And be it further enadbed, That in any Parish or Extra

formance ofY* Parochial Place in which it shall appear to the Bishop of the Diocese Third Service that the Churches or Chapels noW existing, or which may be built with a Sermon, or provided under any of the Provisions of this Act, do not or under certain will not afford sufficient Accommodation for the Parishioners or Circumstances. Inhabitants thereof to attend Divine Service, according to the Rites of the United Church of England and Ireland, and in which such Bishop shall be of opinion that it is expedient that additional Accommodation should be provided for such Purpose, and that such Purpose would be answered by the Celebration, on Sunday*, and on the great Festivals, of a Third or additional Divine Service, being either the Morning or Evening Service of the United Church of England and Ireland, as shall be directed by the Bishop of the Diocese, with a Sermon, in the Churches or Chapels existing at the time of passing this Act, or by the Celebration of a Third or additional Sendee as aforesaid, with a Third Sermon, in any Church or Chapel which may be built or provided under any of the Provisions of this Act, it shall be lawful for such Bishop to require the Incumbent of every such Parish, Diftridfc Parish dr Extra Parochial Place, to nominate to him a proper Person to be licensed to serve as a Curate in the existing Church or Chapels, for the Performance of such additional or Third Service wi& a Sermon, or in any Church or Chapel which may be built or provided as aforesaid, for the Performance of such additional or Third Service with a Third Sermon; and such Incumbent shall within Six Months after such Requisition nominate fneb Curate to the Bishop to be licensed, and in default of such Nomination such Bishop is hereby empowered to nominate and license a Proj>ortionof proper Curate for the Purpose aforesaid; and the said Bishop is

PeT* hereby empowered to require the Churchwardens of every such

Smice! T" rd Church or Chapel to let for the said additional Service such Pro-

, ce* portion of the Pews of such Church or Chapel, not being a Pew

held by Faculty or Prescription, and at such Rates, as in the Opinion of such Bishop shall be sufficient to afford a competent Salary to such Curate, and such Churchwardens are hereby empowered and required so to let the same, and to raise and levy, in the manner directed by this Act, the Rents from the Persons who may take the Pews, reserving such Number of Sittings as free Seats, as to such Bishop shall appear expedient, not being less than One Provifofor offer fourth: Provided always, that if in any Parish, District Parish or to ^ovideTor* ^ace a8 aforesaid, any Number of Persons shall represent to such thefameky Bishop that they are willing to provide by Subscription such an annual

Subscription. Sum as may he sufficient to afford a competent Salary to a Curate

for the Performance of such additional Service with a Sermon, or for the Performance of such additional Service with a Third Sermon; and if the Bishop shall be of Opinion that such Mode of providing a Salary for such Curate is more expedient than the railing of such Salary by Pew Rents, it shall he lawful for such Bishop* and be is hereby empowered, to require the Incumbent of such Church or Chapel to nominate a Curate to him as aforesaid, and in default to Cuntts for such appoint a Curate himself: Provided always, that such Curate so nominated and licensed for the Performance of such Third Service an cfaryCwites!" shall be subject to all Jurisdiction, Laws, Statutes and Pro-

7 vifiona to which Stipendiary Curates are subject, except so far as

relates to the Amount of Salary, and the Mode of raffing and paying

9*the

58 GEO. III.

HI

A. D. 1818.

C.45.

the same, which shall be regulated according to the Provisions of this AA.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case of such Provision for the Performance of an additional or Third Service being made by Subscription, that every Person so fubferibing, being a Parishioner, shall have the Option of any Pew in such Church or Chapel, not being a Pew held by Faculty or Prescription, for the time of such additional Service and Sermon, according to the Amount of his or their refpeAive Subscriptions $ or, in cate of Equality of the Sums subscribed, according to the Date of his or their Subscriptions; and shall continue to hold such Pew so long as he or they shall pay such Subscription, and no longer: Provided also, that if at any future time the whole Amount of such Subscription shall fail to produce such a Sum as shall be deemed by such Bi(hop a competent Salary for such Curate, such Bi(hop (haU and may in such case authorize and require the Churchwardens to raise, by letting a Proportion of the Pews as aforesaid, such Sum or further Sums as may be sufficient for making up the said Salary: Provided always, that the Salary to be given to such Curate for the Performance ot the said additional Service with Sermon shall in no Case, except when raised entirely by Subscription, exceed the Sum of Eighty Pounds per Annum.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Nomination or Appointment of the Spiritual Person to Serve all such DiftriA Churches and Chapels shall belong to the Patron of the Church of the Parish or Extra Parochial Place out of which such DiftriA shall be taken; and the Spiritual Person so presented and instituted or licensed (as the Case may be) by the Bishop of the Diocese shall be subjeA to the same Jurisdiction and Vihtation as the Incumbent of the Parish now is.

LXVIII. Provided always, That in any Case in which any Chapel shall he built, either wholly or in part, oy means of any Kates to be raised in any Parish, the first and fubfeqnent Nominations of the Minister of the Chapel shall be in the Incumbent of the Church of the Parish or Extra Parochial Place in which such Chapel shall be built.

LXIX. Provided always, That nothing in this AA contained (haU extend to or affeA the Right of the Principal and Scholars of the KingV Hall and College of Brazen Nose in the University of Oxfordf and their Successors, to nominate and present from time to time fit Clerks to officiate in all Churches or Chapels built or to be built within the Parish of Stebbunbeatb, otherwise called Stepney, in the County of Middlesex; which Right was and is secured and confirmed to the said Principal and Scholars, and their Successors, by Several A As of Parliament made in the Ninth and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne; but that the said.Right shall continue and remain to them in refpeA of all Churches or Chapels that may by virtue of this A A be built or constituted within the said Parish, or within an Portion, Division or DiftriA thereof, or which by virtue of this A A may be Separated therefrom; any thing in this A A contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That the Repairs of all such DiftriA Churches or Chapels shall be made by the DiftriAs to which they refpeAively belong, bv Rates to be raised within the DiftriA, in Uke manner as in case of Repairs of Churches by Parishes $ and

every

Subscribers in-titled to Pews.

Proviso where Subscriptions do not produce sufficient Salary for Cugate.

Amount of Salary.

Patronage ef

DiftriA

Churches to be in Patron of Parish Church.

In what case Nomination of Minister of Chapel in Incumbent.

Proviso for Rights of Bjraxen Nose College to present Clerks to Churches within the Parish of Stepney.

Repairs of DiftriA Churches to be made by Rates upon the DiftriA.

C. 45.

53° GEO. III.

A.D.1BI*.

District to remain liable for Repairs of Parish Church for 2Q Years.

Deeds, &c. for Clergymen's Salaries to be enrolled.

Appointment of Churchwardens.

To be admitted and sworn; their Duty,

and Power.

How to sue.

every such Didrift shall be deemed in Law a separate and distinct Parish for that Purpose; and the Repairs of all Chapels not made District Churches shall be made by the Parish in or for which the Chapels shall be built.

LXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every such District shall remain nevertheless fubjvft for Twenty Years, to be accounted from the Day upon which the District Church or Chapel shall be consecrated, to the Repair of the original Parish Church, and be deemed Part of the original Parish for all Parpofes of such Repairs, and the making and levying of Rates for that Purpose $ and from and after the Expiration of such Twenty Years, the Parish Church shall be repaired by the District of the Parish kft ai belonging to it after the other Divisions of Districts are made; and each District shall for ever thereafter make, raise, levy, collect and apply separate and distinct Rates for Repairs of the Church or Churches or Chapels of the District, as if a separate Parish.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That every Deed, Grant or Endowment for securing a Provision or Salary to the Spiritual Person serving any Church or Chapel under this Act, shall be enrolled in the Court of Chancery; and registered in the Registry of the Diocese.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That Two fit and proper Persons shall be appointed to aft as Churchwardens for every Church or Chapel built or appropriated under the Provisions of this Act, at the usual Period of appointing Parish Officers iff every Year, and shall be chosen, One by the Incumbent of the Church or Chapel for the time being, and the other by the Inhabitant Hoafeholders entitled to vote in the Election of Churchwardens residing in the District to which the Church or Chapel shall belong, and of any Extra Parochial Place by such Inhabitant Houfeboldert as would be entitled to vote in the Election of Churchwardens if such Extra Parochial Place had been a Parish; and the Two Persons, when so elected Churchwardens, shall appear and be admitted and sworn according to Law, and shall collect and receive the Rents of.the Seats and Pews, and pay the Stipends or Salaries appointed by the Commtf-fioncrs to be paid to the Minister and Clerk of and belonging to the Church or Chapel for the time being, and also shall do, perform and execute all lawful A6b, matters and things neoeflary and requisite for and concerning the Repairs, Management, good Order and Decency of Behaviour to be kept and observed in the Church or Chapel by the Congregation thereof; and the Persons so to be appointed or chosen Churchwardens fhal| continue in their said Office until others shall be chosen in like manner in their Stead; and all the Persons so chosen Churchwardens are hereby authorized and empowered, in case of Non Payment of the Rents of the Seats and Pews of the Church or Chapel for which they shall be appointed, to enter upon and fell the same, or elft to sue for and recover the same by Action or Actions for such Rents, in the Names of " The Churchwardens of the Church or Chapel of" rdeferibing the same, ] as the Case shall or may require, without specifying the Christian or Surnames of such Churchwardens; and no such Action shall abate by reason of the Death or Removal or gong out of Office of any such Churchwarden.

LXXIV. And

A. D. 1318.

58° GEO. III.

C. 45,

143

LXXIV. And be it further ena6ted, That the Churchwardens of erery Pari lb in which any additional Chapel shall be built or provided under any of the Provisions of this A6fc, without making any Division thereof into separate Parities or District Parishes, shall be and are hereby authorized and required to execute and do all such things as the Churchwardens to be appointed under the Provisions of this Act are authorized and required to do*

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That before the Confecra-tion of any Church or Chapel under the Provisions of this Act a Seat or Pew sufficient to hold Six Persons at lead shall be set apart in the Body or Ground Floor of the Church or Chapel, and contiguous or near to the Pulpit, for the Use of the Minister of the Church of Chapel for the time being, and his Family; and other Seats in some other convenient Part of the Church or Chapel, not among the Free Seats, capable of containing not less than Four Persons, shall also in like manner be set apart for the Use of the Minister's Servants; and that Pews, Sittings, or Benches in every such Church or Chapel, to be marked with the Words " Free Seats, " amounting in the whole to not less than One fifth Part of the whole of the Sittings in every such Church or Chapel which shall be built, either wholly or tn part, out of any Rates, or with any Money railed upon the Credit of any Rates of the Parifit or Extra Parochial Place, shall also be appropriated and set apart for the Use of poor Persons resorting thereto for ever $ upon which Pews so to be let apart for the Minister, his Family and Servants, and the Pews, Sittings or Benches so appropriated for the Use of the Poor, no Rent or Afiefiment whatever shall at any time be charged or imposed,

LXXVI* And be it further enacted, That all Subscribers being Parishioners to any Church or Chapel built under the Authority of this Act shall have Choice of Pews at the Rates fixed by the Conv missionera under the Provisions of. this Act, in the Order of their Amount of Subscription; and as to Subscribers of the same Amouut in the Order of their Subscription*

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Pews or Seats in every such Church or Chapel, (fave and except the Pews and Seats panicularly set down as Free feats, ) shall for ever be charged and chargeable with the several and respective yearly Rents or Sums fet opposite to the Figures or Numbers marked upon each of the said Pews or Seats, as they shall be particularly numbered and set down in a List or Schedule to be made and signed by the Commiilioners, and annexed to the Deed of Consecration of every such Church or Chapel $ and which said respective yearly Rents or Sums#(hall be paid by the Pofleflors and Occupiers of the Pews or Seats to the Persons who shall from time to time be appointed the Churchwardens of the said Church or Chapel, by Two equal Half Yearly Payments in each Year, namely, on the Monday next after the Nativity of our Saviour Cbrifif and the Nativity of Saint John the Baptifit in the Vestry Room of the Church or Chapel, between the Hours of Nine in the Forenoon and Four in the Afternoon*

LXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enaffeed, That it shall be lawful for the Churchwardens of any such Church or Chapel, at any time thereafter, with the Gonfent in Writing of the Incumbent, and of the Patron of the Church or Chapel respectively for the time being, and of the Bifttop of the Diocese, to alter any such yearly

Rent

Churchwardens to alt in Parishes where additional Chapel* shall be built.

Pew* to he provided for Minify ter, See. and Free Seats fo? poor Persons.'

No Rent, Sec. on the Pews of Minister and poor Persona.

Subscribers to have Choice of Pews.

How Pews let to raise the Sun required for Miniftera' Sab* lies, &c. are to be charged*

Churchwardens may, with Con-fern of Incumbent, Patron and Bishop alter Pew Rents.

Ci 45*

GEO. III.

A. D. 1818.

For the Recovery of Pew Rents Half Yearly.

Proceedings for Rent of Pews in Arrear.

No Opening to be made in any Church or Chapel for the Purposes of Burial; or Grave made in any Churchyard at a left Diftauce than ao Feet from external Wails of the Church.

Proviso for Burials in Vaults. Penalty 50L

Rent or Sums 5 and in any such case a new Lift or Schedule of Rents or Sums, and the Pews or Seats upon which the same are respectively charged, shall be signed by the Churchwardens, Incumbent, Patron and Biftiop respectively, and shall be deposited with the Deed of Con-fecration of the Church or Chapel.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Person or Persons possessed of a Seat or Pew in every such Church or Chapel, shall pay the Rents charged thereon as aforesaid at Two equal Half Yearly Payments, to wit, on the Monday next after the Nativity of our Saviour Cbri/i, and the Nativity of Saint John the Baftifi, in every Year; and in case the Rent of any such Pew or Seat or any Part thereof shall happen to be behind and unpaid by the Space of Three Months next after the same shall become due, and Notice in Writing demanding Payment thereof shall have been given to the Owner or Occupier of such Seat or Pew, then the said Churchwardens for the time being of the Church or Chapel shall and may either enter upon and hold such Seat or Pew, or let the same to any other Person or Persons, in such manner as such Churchwardens shall think proper, until the Rent so in Arrear, and all Cods and Charges which shall have been occasioned by the Nonpayment or in the Recovery thereof, shall be duly paid and satisfied; or otherwise to fell the same Pewi or Seats respectively by Public Auction to the best Bidder, and ont of the Money thence arising pay and satisfy the said Rent in Arrear, rendering jthe Overplus (if anyj, after deducting all reasonable Cods and Charges occasioned by or in consequence of such Rent being in Arrear and in the Recovery thereof, to the Owner or Occupier of such Pews or Seats respectively (as the case may be); or the said Church* wardens, at their Discretion, may sue for and recover the said Rent so in Arrear by Action of Debt or upon the case, for the Use and Occupation of such Pew or Seat, to be brought against the Owner or Owners, or any Occupier or Occupiers thereof, in the Name of ** The Churchwardens of the Church or Chapel of" [describing the Church or Chapel]; and no such Action or Suit shall abate by reason of the Death, Removal or going out of Office of any Churchwarden.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to break up the Pavement, or to open the Soil beneath the same, within any Church or Chapel to be ereaed under the Provisions of tbit Alt, for the Purposes of Burial, or to make any Grave in any Cemetery or Churchyard thereunto adjacent or belonging, at any less Di(lance than Twenty Feet from the External Walls of such Church or Chapel respectively; Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to prevent the Burial of Dead Bodies in any Vault wholly arched with Brick or Stone, which may have been constructed for such Purposes under any Church or Chapel, and to which the only Access shall be by Steps on the Outiade of the external Walls thereof; and if any Burial shall take place, or any Grave be made, otherwise than is herein provided, the Person or Persons ordering or causing the same to be made shall for every such Offence, on Conviction thereof before any Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County or Place, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and in default of Payment thereof the same shall and may be levied and recovered, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justices, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders, rendering the Overplus (if

any)

A.D.181$,

58° GEO. IIL

C. 45.

-145

any) to the Owner thereof; of which Penalty one Moiety shall be given to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Use of the Poor of the Parish.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That Accbunts shall annually Account! to bo be laid before both Houfos of Parliament9 of the Progrefa made by the said Commissioners in Execution of the Purpofea of this Act, # u m<nu dating the Number of Church^ or Chapela built or buildings the Stipends assigned to the Incumbents or Curatea thereof, the Money expended, and for what Purposea, and all such other Particulars as shall be ueceflary for explaining the Progress made in carrying the Purpofea 4>f this Act into Execution.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That the CommiiHoners for Commissiotiers the Execution of this Act shall and may receive and fend all Letters ""7 recehretnd and Packets relating to the Execution of the Powers of this Act, free Jjjj* from the Duty of Postage, provided that such Letters and Packets Jre* ofPofbgv. shall be directed to " His Majesty's Commissionera appointed under " the Ad for the building and promoting the building of additional 44 Churchesand that all such Letters and Packets as shall be sent the said Commissionera shall be dated from their said Office, and shall be (igned on the Outside of such Letters and Packets by such Person as the said Commissionera for the Execution of this Act shall appoint, with the Con sent of the said Commissionera of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, under such Reilridions and Regulations as the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall think proper and direct.

LXXXI II. And be it further enacted. That uo Action or Suit Umittfai df shall be commenced again ft any Person or Persons for any Thing doge Action* for exe-by virtue of or in pursuance of this Act, until Fourteen Days' Notice Aa, and thereof in Writing shall have been given to the Secretary for the time being of the said Commissioners, nor after a sufficient Satisfaction or 89a Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed; and such Action shall be brought in the said Court of Exchequer in England, and shall be laid in the County of Middlefcxy and not elsewhere; and 'the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to be so done, or if such A6tion or Suit shall be brought after the time hereinbefore limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought without Fourteen Days' Notice thereof, or shall be brought in any other County or Place, or after a fufficiept Satisfaction made or' tendered as aforesaid* that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs (kali become nonsuited, or suffer a Difconrinuance of his, her or their Action dr Actions, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff pr Plaintiffs, the Defondant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, apd Treble Costs, shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendapt or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in any other Cases by Law.

LXXXIV. Provided always, and be k further enacted and declared, ProvUo fqr That neither this Act, nor any thing herein contained, shall extend to invalidate or avoid any Ecclesiastical Law or Constitution of the Btshop, &c* Chur*" 1 of the Rights or Powers be-

longing

HG

€.45, 46. 58° GEO. III. A.D.18I8.

and for Exercise of Ecclesiastical Jurtfdi&jon.

Act may bo altered, Arc. in this Session.

longing to any Bishop of any Diocese, or any Archdeacon, Chancellor or Official.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted and declared; That he and they respectively may at all times hereafter visit, institute and exercise Ecclesiastical Jurifcudion in all the Parishes to be erected or divided by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, or in any Part or Place within the same, as amply as they or any of* them may do now therein, and in such manner as in any other Parishes or Places within his or their Diocese or 'Jurisdiction respectively.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act or any of the Provisions thereof may be amended, altered or repealed by any Act or Acts to be patted m this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XL VI.

An Act for Relief of Persons entitled to Entailed Estates, to be purchased with Trust Monies, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland [30th May 1818.]

WHEREAS by the Practice of Courts of Equity in that lfert

of the United Kingdom called Ireland, in Cases in which

Money under the Controul of such Courts is subject to be laid out

' ' in the Purchase of Lands to be limited to Uses capable of being

* barred by Fine, the said Courts direct such Money to be paid to

* the Party or Parties who could by Fine bar the Uses to which such

Lands, in case the same had been purchased, would have been

* limited, and do not reauire or compel the actual Investment of such

4 Monies in {he Purchale of Lands, notwithstanding other Persons

might take Estates or Interests therein if the same were purchased,

, 4 ana be entitled to hold such Estates or Interests until such Fine

4 was actually levied: And whereas nevertheless, where Money under

4 the Controul of the said Courts is subject to be invested in the

4 Purchase of Lands to be # limited to Uses not capable of being

4 barred by Fine, but capable of being barred by Recovery, the said

4 Courts, according to the Practice thereof, refuse to direct the same

4 to be paid to the Party or Parties who, in case futh Lands had

4 been purchased, could by Recovery have barred all the Uses to

« 4 which the same would have been limited, and require and compel ,

' 4 the actual Investment of such Monies in a Purchase or Purchases I

4 of some Lands; and such last mentioned Practice is attended with j

4 great Inconvenience and Expence to the Party or Parties who by

4 a Recovery could bar the Uses to which such Lands are to be

4 limited when purchased, and the Interest and Benefit of others,

4 who might take Estates barrable by such Recovery when suffered,

* is not according to such laft' mentioned Practice materially pro-

4 moted or secured, and it may therefore be expedient to alter such

* Practice; And whereas it may also f>e expedient tojprovide

4 some satisfactory and summary Proceeding, whereby Trustees

4 possessed of Money subject to be laid out in Lands may be required

* in proper Cafe6 to pay such Money to the Parties entitled, and

4 under this Act to become entitled, to receive the same Be it

therefore enacted #by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and

with the Advice and Con sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au- 1

mere Montes thority of the same*, That from sod after the patting of this Act,

re under the*in

U7

A.D. 1818. 59* GEO. III. C. 40, 47*

in all Cases where Money under the Controul of any Court of Equity, or of or to which any Individuals as Trustees are possessed or entitled, in that Part of th£ United Kingdom called Ireland, shall be subject to be limited in thePurchafe of Freehold or Copyhold Hereditaments, or both, to be settled upon any Person or Persons in such manner that it would be competent, in case such Money had been invested in the Purchase of Real Estates, for the Person or Persons who would be the Tenant or Tenants of the first Estate or Estates Tail therein, either alone or together with the Person or Persons who would be the Owner or Owners of the particular preceding Estate or Estates therein, if any, by Deed, Fine or Common Recovery, or any of them, or other lawful Ad, in the case of Freehold Hereditaments, or by Surrender and Recovery, or either of them, or other lawful Ad, in the case of Copyhold Hereditaments, to bar the first Estate or Estates Tail, and the Rights and Interests of all Persons in Remainder, it shall not be necessary to have such Money actually invested in Lands or Hereditaments, in order that such Estates Tail and Remainders over may be so barred; but that it shall and may be lawful to and for the High Court of Chancery, or such Court of Equity, under the Controul of which such Money shall be, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and in the Case of Trustees, to and for the bud High Court of Chancery, in a Summary Way, upon Petition of the rerfon or Persons who would be Tenant or Tenants of the first Estate or first Estates Tail, and of the Person or Persons who would be the Owner or Owners of the antecedent particular Estate or Estates (if any) in the Lands and Hereditaments, in case the same were purchased, such Petitioners being Adults, and in case where any of the Parties are or is Femes Covert or a Feme Covert, they or (he being first separately examined in Court, or upon a Com-mission* and contenting, to order the Monies subjected to such Trusts to be paid to the Petitioners, or any of them, or to be paid and applied in such manner and for such Purposes as the Petitioners shall appoint and the Court shall approve of.

II. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where Money iubie&ed to be laid out in the Purchase of Hereditaments to be settled as aforesaid shall happen to be invested in Government or Real or other Securities, all such Securities shall for the Purposes of this Act be considered as Money, and shall and may accordingly be transferred, assigned and disposed of under an Order of the respective Courts aforesaid, made in a summary Way upon the Petition of such Persons, and with such Examination and Content where necefTary as aforesaid, in such and the same manner as Monies subjected to be laid out in the Purchase of Hereditaments to be settled as aforesaid are hereinbefore authorised to be paid, applied and disposed of.

CAP. XLVII.

'An Act to establish Fever Hospitals, and to make other Regulations for Relief of the suffering Poor, and for preventing the Increase of Infe&ious Fevers in Ireland.

[30th May 1818.]

1 \T7 HERE AS Fevers of an infectious Nature have for some time«VV past greatly prevailed among the Poor in several Parts of 1 Ireland, whereby tpe Health and Prgfperity of the whole Country

L 2*have

Controul of Equity, or in the Hauds of Truf-tee« subject to be invested in Estates settled so es that the first Estates Tall therein may be btrred, it shall not be necessary to have such Money actually invested; but Court may upn Petition order it to be paid to Persons who would be entitled to the Estate as herein mentioned.

Securities con-fideredas Money, and may be transferred,

Bec. under aa Order of the respective Courts.

58° GEO. III.

148 C. 47.

t

A.D. 1819.

* have been confidently endangered \ and it is expedient that Hof-4 pitals should be established for the Relief of Sufferers in such Cases,

* and that Regulations should be made to prevent, as etfeftually as 4 pofGble, the Increase of Insection, as well at present as on future 4 Occasions; and such good'Purposes are moil likely to be promoted 4 by creating Corporations in every County at large, and every County 4 of a City or County of a Town in Ireland, who may execute the 4 Powers and Trusts hereinafter particularly expressed Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majeftr, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com. moos, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

^ame> That from and after the passing of this Act there shall be, County, 1 orVery an<* ^ne Body Politic and Corporate is hereby created and erected inf Coumy'ofa City every County, and in eveiy County of a City, and in every County or Town in Ire- of a Town in Ireland; which shall consist, in every such County, of , and» the Archbiftiop or Biftiop whose Diocese or any Part of whose Diocese

tftibliftunent of exten(j jnto such County, of the Representatives in Parliament ever o pt for such County, # of all the Judices of the-Peace commissioned and acting as such in such County; and in every County of a City or County of a Town, such Corporation shall consist alio of the Chief Magistrate, Sheriffs and Recorder of such County of a City or Town, likewise of the Representative or Representatives in Parliament (if any), and rff the Justices of the Peace for such County of a City or Town, all for the time being, and also of such Persons as are hereinafter mentioned 5 which Corporation shall be called by the Name of 44 The President and Assistants of the Fever Hospital for [

applying to every of them the Name of its

Eoper County, City or Town; and all the said Corporations shall ve perpetual Duration and Succeifion, and may foe and be sted in all Courts of Justice by those Names respectively, and shall have a Common Seal, and shall meet at and adjourn to such times and Places within their Counties, Cities or Towns respectively, as they shall think fit; save only that the said Corporations shall meet, and they are hereby required respectively to meet, for the First time, for the County of the City of Dublin, on the First Day of July next after the passing of this Act, at the Sessions House of the said City, and for the several other Counties, Cities and Towns in Ireland\ on the Day (or, at their Election, on the Day next after the Day) when the Judges who shall hold the Summer Assizes next after the passing of this Act, in and for the several Counties, or either of such Judges, shall depart from the Town or Place where'the Assizes shall be held, at the Hall or Session House respectively where the Judges shall have Chairman fat for the Business of the Assizes 5 and at the First and every future appointed. Meeting of the said Corporations respectively, the Archbiftiop or Bt-shop, if present when the said Corporations or Quorums of them respectively shall assemble, shall take the Chair, shall put every Question, declare the Majority of Votes, and do all the Duties of President or Head of the Corporation for that Meeting; but if the Archbishop or Biftiop shall not be present when the said Corporations respectively shall first assemble, the Representative in Parliament for that County, County of a City or County of a Town, who shall first cojne on that Day to the Place of Meeting, ' if both shall attend, and if not, the Representative in Parliament for that County, County of a City or County of a Town, who shall be present when the said Corporations

or

A.D.181&

58° GEO. III

C..47#

149

or Quorums of them respectively shall assemble; and if the Archbishop or Bi(hop, or the Representatives for such Counties, Cities or Towns respectively, or either of them, shall not attend in every County of a City and County of a Town, the Chief Magistrate, or in his Default, and in every County at large, the oldest Justice of the Peace who shall be present when the said Corporations respectively or

Siuorums of them shall first afTemble, shall take the Chair, and do 1 the Duties of President or Head of the Coxporation for that Meeting; and the said Corporations respectively shall be considered as assembled for the Purpose of determining who shall be the President of that Ltey, whenever Five shall have come to the Place of Meeting at the time appointed for the First Meeting of the said Corporations respectively; and at all subsequent times after, whenever Five of the said Corporations shall have come to the Place of the Meeting at the respective times to be appointed for such Meetings; and every Person qualified, or capable as aforesaid of presiding at the Meetings of the said Corporations may, at all times after the aforesaid First time appointed for the Meeting of the said Corporations, by Notice in Writing signed by him, to be polled at the proper Affizei Town, or at the Selnons House in the City of Dublin, Six Days at the lead before the time of Meeting, exclusive of the Day of polling such Notice and the Day of Meeting, convene the said Corporations respectively to do all corporate Acts, but no Second Notice signed by a different Person shall supersede a former; of which Corporations respectively Five shall always be a competent Number to do all corporate Acts; and the said Corporations are hereby respectively authorized and empowered to elect, during good Behaviour, such other Persons, redding within their Counties, Cities or Towns respectively, as they shall think fit; and those also who shall contribute any Sum not less than Twenty Pounds, or who shall subscribe and pay any annual Sum not less than One Guinea, to be applied to the charitable Purposes of this Act, to be Members of the said Corporations respectively; and it shall be lawful for the said Corporations respectively, and they are hereby authorized, to make Bye Laws reasonable and consonant to the Laws of the Land, and to appoint (landing Committees for the Purposes of this Act, to meet and ad at certain Place or Places to be appointed in each County, City or /Town; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Corporations, and each of them respectively, and they are hereby authorized, empowered and qualified, to accept or take by Purchase, or by voluntary Grant, or by Devise, any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments of Inheritance or for Lives^ not exceeding to any one of the said Corporations the clear yearly Value of Five hundred Pounds, "any Law to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; but the Corporation of any of the said Counties, Cities or Towns, (hail at no time have a Capacity to take Lands of Inheritance or for Lives, of a greater Value than as aforesaid, except in the Case of Evidion or Determination of Intereff, in which Cale the said Corporations respectively may make such new Acquisition as aforesaid, not exceeding the clear annual Value aforesaid; and it shall bo lawful for the said Corporations, and they are respectively hereby authorized, empowered and qualified, to take all such Donations in Personal Property as shall be made to them, and to accept of all Leases for Years of Houses or Lands, so as no such Lease shall exceed Twenty one Years> but every Lease for Years,

L 3 of

Meetings bow to be assembled.

Contributors to be Member, of the Corporation, who may make Bye Laws; and appoint Committees; may take by Purchase, &c. Lands not above 50oL yearly;

and Perional Property and Leases for Yeirs, not exceeding si, of Lands or Houses.

150

58* GEO. III,

A.D. 1818.

Corporation empowered to take over and above the aforesaid Property Four Rood* of Land for Sitei of Housef.

Bishops may grant such Land out of their Sees;

nnhvithstanding io 5c ii Car. r. C.3. (I.) or any ocher Law.

Fever Hospitals built for the. Foor when Funds suficient.

Corporations to make Bye Laws and Orders; appoint Matters, &c. and Servant/, and Treasurers.

C.47.

of Lands or of a House to be made to any of the said Corporations, exceeding that Term* shall be void, except as hereinafter excepted.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Corporations respectively, to take, over and above the Fire hundred Pounds a Year, and Leases for Years, which they are authorized to acquire as aforesaid, and such Corporations respectively are hereby declared to he capable and qualified to take, by Grant or by Devise, any Quantity of Ground or Land within their Counties, Cities and Towns respectively, not exceeding Four Roods, Plantation Measure, for the Sites of Houses to be built, and Accommodations to be provided, for the Reception of the helpless Poor intended to be relieved under the Provisions of this Act; and also, that it shall and may be lawful for every Archbishop and Bishop in Ireland, and they are hereby respectively authorized and empowered, to grant any such Portions of Ground or Land as aforesaid, out of the Estates of their Sees respectively, to the said Corporations respectively, for the Sites of such Houses as aforesaid, for such Estate or Estates, either in Fee, for Lives renewable or not renewable, or for Years, as they shall think (it, at such Rent and Fines as such Archbi(hop or Bi(hop shall think fit, or without any Rent or Fine if such Archbi(hop or Bi(hop shall think fit 5 and that every such Grant and Lease shall be good and valid against such Archbishop and Bishop, and their Sue* ceffors respectively, without the Concurrence of any other Person or Body of Men; any thing in an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of the late King Charles the First, intituled An A3 for the Preservation of the Inheritance, Rights and Profits of Lands belonging to the Church and Persons Ecclfiqftical, or any other Law or Usage in force in Ireland, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Corporations, and they are hereby authorized, empowered and required, to build or hire Houses for Hospitals in the several Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, to be called a Fever Hospitals for the Relief of the Poor being ill of Fevers, ** as soon as such Corporations shall be pofiefied of Funds Efficient for those Purposes, as plain, as durable and at as moderate Expence as may beand that all such Hospitals be divided into Two Parts, of which one Part shall be allotted for such poor helpless Men as shall be judged worthy of Admission, and the other Part for the Reception of such poor helpless Women as shall be judged worthy of Admission, and to furni(h the said Hospitals, and to admit into the same from time to time so many sick and helpless poor Patients as the Funds of such Corporation shall admit of; and the said Corporations respectively are hereby authorized and required to make Bye Laws and Orders for the Admission and Discharge of all such Patients, and for the Government of every such Hospital, and to

1 appoint Mailers, Physicians, Surgeons, Apothecaries, Nurses and other fit Persons and Servants, to govern and take care of such Hospitals and the Patients therein, at reasonable and moderate Salaries, Allowances and Wages; and the said Corporations respectively are alio hereby authorized to appoint Treasurers without any Salary, to receive such Donations and Rents as they shall respectively acquire or become entitled to; and the said Corporations are hereby authorized and required to expend all such Donations and Rents in and for the

charitable

A.D. 181$.

58? GEO. IIL

151

C.47.

charitable Purposes required by this Act, and for the Cure and Relief of such Patients, with the greatest Care and Economy, upon Pain* and Peril that for any Embezzlement or Misapplication of or Partiality in the Disposal of any Part of the Revenue or Property of the said Corporations respectively, which any Individuals of such Corporations shall be respectively guilty of or concur in, every such Individual shall be personally answerable by Suit or Information in the Name of The King's Attorney General, on the Relation of any Person Proceeding* by or Persons, either in the Court of Chancery or Court of Exchequer lnh*m*hon. in Ireland; and the said Courts shall and are hereby required to near and determine every such Suit or Information, and to award Costs therein again ft the Defendants, if found culpable as aforesaid; and in every such Suit a Relator of Property and Reputation shall be named, against whom Costs shall be awarded to the Defendant or Defendants, if the Suit, Information or Complaint shall appear to be groundless.

* IV. And Whereas by an Act made in the Forty fifth Year of

* His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend and render 4 more effectual an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fifth 4 Tear of Hie present Majejlyt intituled*An Act for eroding and ejla-

* hlifbing Public Infirmaries or HoJjntals in this Kingdom* certain 4 Provisions were made for enabling the Grand Jury to present certain 4 Sums to be raised on Counties, for the Promotion of local Difpen-

4 faries, in manner in the said Act mentioned Be it enacted, That 45 G.j.c.tir. froiA and after the First Day of September next, so much of the so far is relate* said recited Act as relates to such local Dispensaries shall be and *° I00*1 the same is hereby repealed. ariei repe* e

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of cftaMifbin^ this Act, whenever it shall appear to the Grand Jury of any County, cidwiod6*m or County of a City or County of a Town, that there has been Town*, Grand actually received from private Subscriptions or Donations any Sum Juries may pre* or Sums of Money, since the preceding Assizes, for the Puipofe of f«t Sum* establishing or supporting a Difpcnfary for furniftiing Medicine and *lua'10 .

affording medical or surgical Aid £0 the Poor of any City, Town ^nnts°1fndu or Place within such County, it shall be lawful for such Grand Jury private Donato present, to be raised of such County, or County of a City or rioa* made for County of a Town, and to be paid to the Treasurer of such Dispensary, such Purposes. a Sum equal in Amount to the Sum or Sums so received by fucH Treasurer, to be applied under athe Direction of the Subscribers, qF any annual Sum of not less than One Guinea, or such Committee of them, not fewer in Number than Five, as they shall appoint for that Purpose at any General Meeting of such Subscribers, together with the Monies so received by private Subscription or Donation, in providing Medicines and medical and surgical Aid for the Poor of such Place and its Neighbourhood: Provided always, that in all Cases Difpcn-wherc such Dispensary shall have been actually established, and any fary UeftablHhed Money shall have been raised by Presentment granted for the Use of Tretfurer shall such Dispensary, previous to such Affixes, such Treasurer shall lay S?0***10 .*before such Grand Jury an Account of all Receipts and Dilburfe- of lie-*" meats up to the First of January or First of July (as the Case may ce*, pts ana n\(m ( be) immediately preceding such Assizes; and such Treasurer shall also burfements, kc. annex to such Account a Statement of all further Sums of Money of Sum* received which he shall have actually received from private Subscriptions or^Subscription Donations for the Support of such Dispensary for the ensuing Year;

L 4? ana

C.4 7.

58 GEO. lit.

A.D.1818.

Subfcribexi of One Guinea for Dispensary may become Members.

and the said Account and Statement shall be verified on the Oath of such Treasurer, and shall be deemed sufficient Documents whereon to ground such Presentment; and in all Cases where no Sum of Money fhafl have been granted as aforesaid previous to such Assizes, such Statement alone so verified shall be deemed a sufficient Document whereon to ground such Presentment, . and in either Case the Sum or Sums so dated to have been received shall form the First Item to the Debit of such Treasurer in his Account for the succeeding Year, or such Treasurer shall Once in eveij Year lay before such Grand Jury an Account so verified of the Receipts and Difburferaents of all Sums received by him, either from private Subscription or Donation, or from Presentment as aforesaid, for the Use of such Dif-penfary.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall subscribe and pay towards the Edablifhment or Maintenance of any such Dispensary any Sum not less than One Guinea, shall be a Member of the Edablifhment of such local Dispensary of such County of a City or County of a Town for One Year from the Date of the Payment thereof, for the Management and Direction of such Dispensary.

Grand Jury may VII. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall be made preienc Sums not appe^ by Statement on Oath, to the Grand Jury of any County the Anwmtof # or County of a City or Town, that there has been actually received privateSubrcrip- from private Subscriptions or Donations any Sum or Sums of Money tions, for local for the Purpose of erecting or hiring any House to be applied tq the Dispensaries, and Reception of Fever Patients, and either attached to and connected for Houses for ^y Dispensary or not as the case may happen, and upon a

Wver^tients. Certificate by One or more Physicians that there is a Necessity for providing Accommodation for such Patients, it shall and may be lawful tor such Grand Jury to present to be raised on any such County at large, or on any such County of a City or County of a Town, as the Case may be, any Sum not exceeding Double the Amount of the Sum or Sums so raised by Donation or Subscription, and actually received by such Treasurer, to be applied by the Sub-feribers to such local Dispensary, or such Committee of them as.aforesaid, together with the Monies so received by private Donation or Subscription, in erecting or hiring and fitting up such House for poor Fever Patients in such manner as the said Corporation or the said Committee shall in their Discretion deem mod adviseable; and it shall and may be lawful also for such Grand Jury of any such County, County of a City or County of a Town, from time to time to present any such further Sum or Sums as shall appear to such Grand Jury to be necessary or required for the Support of Houses for the Reception of Fever Patients, whether the same shall have been edablished before or after the passing of this Act, not exceeding Double the Amount of the Subscriptions or Donations which, by the Accounts of such Treasurer verified on Oath, shall appear to have been raised and actually received for the Support of such Houses; and such Treasurer shall account in like manner and under such Regulations as are hereinbefore directed respecting Dispensaries.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Grand Jury of any County, or County of a City or County of a Town, in which any Fever Hospital shall not have been erected before the passing of this Act, or in which it shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the Grand Jury that any Fever Hospital

Treasurer to account.

Grand Juries may make Pre-lentmenfs for Fever Hofpitali, to be raised by Infalments within Six Years.

in

58" GEO. III

153

C. 47.

in such County, County of a City or County of a Town, requires to Be enlarged, repaired or rebuilt, to present, at any Assizes for such County, County of a City or Town, any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purpose of erecting and establishing, or hiring, repairing and fitting up, one Fever Hospital in any such County, County of a City or Town, in which no such Hospital shall have been previously established, or for the Purpose of enlarging, repairing, rebuilding or fupportine any Fever Hospital which mil nave been previously established, and to set forth in such Presentiqent that the Sum therein mentioned shall be raised and levied within the Period of Six Years, by Half Yearly or* Yearly Instalments, and also to let forth in such Presentment what Part thereof shall be raised upon any Barony or Baronies in any such County, or on the County at large $ and that the Treasurer of such County, County of a City or County of a Town, shall from time to time, without further Authority or Presentment in that behalf, insert in his Warrant at each Aifizes the Portion or Portions so set forth of the Sum so presented; and the same shall be raised and levied in like manner from time to time, and with the like Remedy in case of Nonpayment, as all other Money directed by such Warrant is by Law to be levied 5 and when and to soon as such Presentment shall have been duly certified by the acting Clerk of the Crown to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland* or his or their Chief Secretary, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors for the time being, to direct the Amount of such Sum of Money so presented, or any Part thereof, to be advanced out of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund in.Ireland* to the Treasurer of such County, County of a City or County of a Town, to be applied for the Purposes for which fucn Presentment shall have been made, under such Rules and Regulations as to such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors shall seem fitting and expedient; and such Money so advanced and paid to such Treasurer shall be accounted for by him in like manner as any other Monies received by him for the Use of such County; and all Securities given by hini or on his behalf shall extend to fucn Money; and such Treasurer (Kail from time to time pay to the Colle&or of Excise of the District in which such County, County of a City or County of a Town, all such Sums as shall from time to time be received by him from the baronial or other Collectors by virtue of the Preferments on account of which such Money shall have been advanced, until the whole Sum advanced shall be repaid: Provided always, that if it shall so happen that any Money shall be raised by virtue of. any such Presentment or Preferments, which shall not be required for the Purposes for which it shall be so raised, the same shall be carried to the Credit generally of the County, or of the County of the Town, or of the County of the City, whereon the same shall be levied, by the Treasurer of such County, or County of a Town or County 0? a City respectively.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of each and every County, County of a City or County of a Town in Ireland, to present to be raised on such County at large, or on such County of a City or County of a Town, any Sum not exceeding Five hundred Pounds in the Year, over and above and exclusive of any Sums which they are by Law empowered to present for the Support of Houses of Industry in Ireland, under an Act made

in

Presentment being certified by Clerk of the Crown to Lord Lieutenant, he may older Advance of Money out of Consolidated Fund to Treasurer of County, for Pur« pofea of Pre-fentmenta.

Treasurer tore-pay the Money so advanced.

Surplus Money raised carried to the Credit of the .County..

Grand Juries empowered to present 500I. a Year for Support of Houfei of Industry over and above Sums under 11 & 1SG.3.C. 30.

co

*

C.47.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

In cafii of Few, Ac. appeiring in any Town or District, Public Meeting convened, and Lord Lieutenant, on Representation of such Meeting may appoint a Board of Health*

Poweri of such Board of Health*

in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for badging such Poor as shall he found unable to support themselves by Labour, and otherwise providing for them, and for refraining such as shall be found able to support themselves by Labour or Indujlry from beggings or any other Act or ACU in force in Ireland at the time of the passing of this Act; and the said Sum, when so raised, shall be paid to the Corporation of the said Houses of Industry in such County, County of a City or Town respectively, and applied by the said Corporation towards the Support and Maintenance of such House of Industry in such County, County of a City or County of a Town respectively*

< X* And Whereas it is expedient that effectual Provision Should

* be made for preventing the spreading of Fevers or contagious < Disorders, whenever such shall happen in any Parts of Ireland, and

* that the Powers requisite for that Purpose Should be exercised

* only during the Emergency which may call for the fameBe it therefore enacted, That whenever in any City, Town or DiftriCt, any Fever or contagious Distemper shall appear or be known to exist among the poor Inhabitants, it shall and may be lawful for any One or more Magistrates, upon the Requisition of Five respectable Houfe-holders, to convene a Meeting of the Magistrates and Householders of such City, Town or DiftnCt, and of the Medical Pra&iiionm within the same, in order to examine into the Circumstances attending such Fever or contagious Distemper, and the Number of Persons or Families being Sufferers thereby; and if it shall be the Opinion of such Meeting, and of One or more Magistrates attending, that such Fever or contagious Distemper is of a Nature to require particular Attention and CircumfpeCtion to prevent the Increase of the Contagion thereof, it shall be lawful for Two or more Magistrates authorized by such Meeting to join in an Application to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to appoint a Board of Health within and for such City, Town or DiftriCt; and it shall be lawful for such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to appoint such Board accordingly, to consist of not more than Thirteen Commissioners, to be feleCted from among the Governors or Members of the Corporation of any Infirmary or Fever Hospital, or other Hospital, and from the Parishioners and Medical Practitioners, to act within such City, Town or DiftriCt, in such manner and under such Regulations as such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland\ or his or their Chief Secretary, shall from time to time order, direct and appoint*

XI* And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissionera so to be appointed for the forming such Board of Health, or any Five of them, to give all such Directions for the doing and performing all A As, matters and things necessary for the preventing the Communication of Contagion, and for restoring the Sick to Health, as shall to such Commissioners seem necessary and expedient; and for that Purpose to direct that all Streets, Lanes and Courts, and all Houses and'all Rooms therein, and all Yards, Gardens or Places belonging to such Houses shall be cleansed and purified, and that all Nuisances prejudicial to Health shall be removed therefrom; and that all Houses in which any ftek Person shall be or shall have been, shall be ventilated, fumigated and whitewashed, the Windows and Doors

thereof

58° GEO. lit

155

C.47.

thereof opened, and all Beds, Bed (leads, Bedding and Furniture thereto be exnofed to the Air, and be waffled and cleansed, and, if absolutely necessary, to be burned or destroyed; and that some Mark, Number or Token (Kail be affixed on any House in which any Inhabitant it infected with Fever, denoting that some or one of the Inhabitants therein are so infected; and to dire61 that all other Measures shall be carried into Execution which to such Commissioners shall seem requisite for the Purposes aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful May employ for the said Commissioners so to be from time to time appointed for P«rfooa to reforming such Board of Health, to employ any Person or Persons in cute the Execution of the Several Powers to fee exercised by them under this Act; and that 41 shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant Money may be or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to order any Sum or Sums of Money to be from time to time advanced out of the forExpenee^T growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund in Ireland for die Pay- be railed by Pre-ment of the actual Expences incurred by or under the said Com- {eminent on missioners in the Execution of such Powers; and that all Sums 'of County, &c. Money so to be advanced shall be raised by Presentments to be made by the Grand Juries, and raised off the County or County of a City or Town, in which such Expence shall be incurred.

XIII* And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons RefiftInS Order* shall refill or oppose any Person or Persons employed by or under the ^eakli^ Orders of the said Commissioners so to be from time to time appointed for forming a Board of Health, in any County, City, Town or Place, in the Execution of the Powers of the said Commissioners under this Act, or in the doing or performing any matter or thing in Execution of this Act under the Orders of the said Commissioners, every such Person or Persons so guilty of redding or opposing (hall/ on Conviction thereof before any Two Magidrates within his Jurif-diction, on the Oath or Affirmation of One or more credible Witness, or on the Confession of the Party so offending, incur such Penalty, Penalty, not less than Ten Shillings nor more than Five Pounds, as Such Magidrates shall in their Discretion think proper to adjudge and inflict, or in Failure of making Payment of such Fine, such Offender shall and may be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Cor-redtion for any time not exceeding Three Months, and no such Con-vidtion shall be quaftied for Informality, nor shall be removed or removable by Certiorari or otherwise, nor subject to any Appeal whatever.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Places where Fever In what cases Hospitals, or other Places for the Reception of poor Persons being Board °* HasMjj disordered with Fever or other infedlious Malady shall be established, J^2fpSrfK it shall and may be lawful, upon the Certificate of any Physiciair, |0^remoJJd Apothecary or Surgeon, that any Person is infected with such Fever into Fever Hof-or other infedlious Malady, and that such Person so infected is not pitab. under proper Medical Care, and placed in such Circumstances and under such Precautions a6 may most probably tend to prevent thfc Communication of Contagion to his. Family or Neighbours, for the Commissioners forming ahy such Board of Health, or any Five of them, to order or direct, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, after due and exact Inquiry into the Circumstances of the Case, that such Person so infected and not being under such Medical Care and placed in such Circumstances of Prevention as aforesaid, (hail forth*

with »

A.D. 1818.

Removal to be notified by Commissionert.

Board of Health to report Weekly to Lord Lieutenant, and their Powers shall cease on his Order.

fn Altions for

executing Act.

General IiTue.

Coda.

p.47. J>8a GEO* III.

with be removed into and placed in fetch Fever Hospital, Or such other Place as shall be e(labli(hed for the Reception of such Patients; and such infected Person shall be removed and placed therein accordingly: Provided always, that the said Commissioneri so forming any fuen Board of Health shall, in all cases of such compulsory Removal of any Person or Perfoxls into such Fever Hospital, make a special Report or Notification thereof, under the Hands of Five of the said Commissioners, to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or to his or their Chief Secretary, within Two Days after such Removal shall take place.

XV.And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners so forming any such Board of Health shall, on the Monday in every Week during the Continuance of the Powers of such Commissioners under this Act, make a Report in Writing to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, under the Hands of Five of such Commissioners, and shall tranfmxt the same to the Office of the Chief Secretary; and shall in such Report state a true and particular Account of all the Proceedings of the said Commissioners under this Act, in such Form as shall seem mod expedient to the said Commissioners, or in such Form as may at any time be directed by such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, or his or their Chief Secretary; and that whenever it shall he made appear by the Evidence of One or more Medical Persons, or by any other Sufficient Means, - to any Two Magistrates in any City, Town or District, in which such Board of Health shall be efta-blished under this A A, that the Number of Sick or the Danger of Contagion or Infection aye or is so decreased, that the Powers to be executed by or under such Board of Health shall be no longer ne-ceffary, such Two Majg^ftrates shall certify the same to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland; and in such case, or whenever it shall by any Report of the said Commissioners, or by any other Means, appear to the Satisfaction of such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, that the Powers of such Board of Health are no longer required in any such City, Town or District, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, or his or their Chief Secretary, by Letter under hia Hand, to signify to such Board of Health that they are no longer to exercise the Powers given to them by this Act; and thereupon all such Powers shall cease and determine, until the same shall be again renewed pursuant to the Di* reftions of this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action shall be brought again (I any of the Corporations to he erected by virtue of this Act, or against any Commissioners to be appointed under or by virtue of this A ft, or any Person employed by such Corporations or Commissioners in Execution of this Act, for any thing done in the Execution of any of the Powers or Duties by this Act given or required, the Defendant or Defendants may, in every such Suit, plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence; and in every case where the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Suit shall fail, the Court in which such Suit shall be carried on shall award Coils to the Defendant or Defendants.

CAP.

A-D. 1818*.

5S°'GEO. III;

C. 48.

15?

CAP. XLVIII

An Act to amend an AA, passed in the lall Session of Parliament, to encourage the Establishment of Banks for Savings9 in England. [30th May 1818.]

* WHEREAS an AA paired in the Fifty seventh Year of the 37 0.3. c. 130.

4 VV Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to encourage

4 the Epablijhment of Banks for Savings, in England: And Whereas

* the Forms in the Schedule to the said A A annexed have been found 4 inconvenient in carrying the said AA into EfFeA, and it is therefore 4 expedient to alter and amend the fameBe it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

Tame, That from and after the passing of this AA, the (evenu Forms (*)

contained in the Schedule to the said recited AA annexed, marked \nJ^ (A.) (B.) (C.) (D.) and (E.) shall be and the same are hereby re* cjted act r«-pealed; and that in all cflfes where, by the said recited A A, the pea'ed, and ocher Schedules marked (A.) and (B.) thereto annexed, are required to Schedules indeed be used and applied, the Schedules marked (A.) and (B.j to this AA annexed, shall be used and applied in lieu and instead thereof. '*'

II. And be it further enacted, That upon the Payment of Money rf""

into the Bank of England, to the Account of the Commissioners for NarionalDebt the, ReduAion of the National f)ebt, as direAed by the said recited tolffueDebeiw A A, it shall be lawful for the Officer of the said Commissioners, and cures in Form lie is hereby authorized and empowered, to issue, upon every such nurked (c0 Payment being made, one or more Debentures, making together the like Amount, according to the Form in the Schedule to this AA an* nexed, marked

III. And be irther enacted, That upon any Application for NewDebtntures the Renewal of any Debenture or Debentures issued in purfoance in Exchsnge for of the said recited A A, k shall be lawful for the said Officer, and he °rigin»l Deb«i-18 hereby authorized and empowered, to issue one or more new De- jJjTJl "conKmr' bentures of Jthe like Amount, bearing the like Rate of Interect, ^Schedule mj according to the Form in die Schedule to this A A annexed, marked

(D.), in exchange for such original Debenture or Debentures, either with or without the Interest added thereto, whenever the same shall 'be required, and expressed in the Order of the Trustees, as direAed i>y the said recited AA or this AA, in lieu of paying in Money such original Debenture or Debentures, with or without the Interest added thereto; provided always, that no fraAional Part of a Pound shall be inserted in such new Debenture, but such FraAion shall be paid in Money.

IV. And be: it further enacted, That previous to the Payment of previous to Pay*

the Principal and Interest of any Debenture or Debentures, or to the meat or Re-Renewal of such Debentures, the Peiion or Persons applying to re- of Dehsn. ceivc such Payment or.new Debenture shall in all cales produce to °lru

the Officer of the said Commissioners an Order, indorsed on the bentures wider Back of the Debenture required to be paid or renewed, except as the Hands of phe

'herein excepted, under the Hands 6f any Two of the Trustees of Trustees acoptd-thelnftitution for which such Payment or Renewal fltaJl be demanded, *nS Schedule attested by Two other 'Trustees or Managers thereof, or by any.

T«b credible WitnelTee, according to the Form in the Schedule to u

thii

C. 48.

58o GEO. III,

A.D.1818.

A Certificate to be granted thereupon, agreeable to Form (F. I.), and then Bank to pay.

Trustees may require Interest on Debentures to be paid at the Periods herein mentioned.

Commiftionert may transfer.Stock to the Amount of Principal and In* terest ofDcbcn-

TStock first to be converted into Money by Com* potatita.

this Act annexed, marked (E.); and the said Officer shall, and he is hereby authorized and empowered, within Five Days sifter the Interest of fuqh Debenture shall have been computed and examined at the Office of the said Commissioners, to grant his Certificate to the Person or Persona applying for any Payment in the Form specified in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (F. i.); and upon the Production and Delivery at the Bank of England of such Certificate, the Caftiier or Ca(hier9 of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall thereupon pay the Sum specified therein out of any Monies standing in the Names of the said Commissioners, in the Books of the Bank of England, or from the Sale of Stock purchased with the Monies originally invested in any Debenture or Debentures issued under the said recited Act or this Act, as the said Commissioners shall direct, any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and be .it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees of any such Institution from time to time, at any time after the Expiration of One Calendar Month next following the Twentieth Day of May and the Twentieth Day of November in any Year, to require that the Interest due on any such Debenture on such Twentieth Day of May or Twentieth Day of November respectively, shall be paid to such Person or Persons as such Trustees shall from time to time direct, by any Order in Writing (which shall not be liable to any Stamp Duty) under the Hands ot Two such Trustees, attested by Two other Trustees or Managers, or any Two credible Witnesses, according to such Form as the said Commissioners shall direct; and the said Order shall be produced to the Officer of the said Commissioners, who shall certify thereon the Amount of Interest then due, and require the same to be paid; and upon the Production of such Order and such Certificate thereon at the Bank of England, the Cashier or Cashiers shall thereupon pay the Sum specified therein, out of any Monies standing in the Name of the said Commissioners iu the Books of the said Bank.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, upon the Application of the Trustees of any Saving Banks, in manner hereinafter mentioned, and they are nereby authorized and empowered, in lieu of paying off the Principal and Interest of any such Debenture or Debentures in Money, to cause their Agent or Agents (being also Cashiers of the said Governor and Company) to transfer such .an Amount of either Three Pounds per Camtwm Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, or Bank Annuities at the Rate of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum, as shall by Computation produce, as hereinafter directed, the like Amount in Money as the Amount of the Principal and Interest of such Debenture or Debentures, out* of any Account of the said Bank Annuities (landing in the Names of the said Commissioners in the Books of the Bank of England, into the Name or Names of any Two of the said Trustees, whenever the same shall .be expressed and required in the Order of the said Trustees, in lieu of paying such Debenture or Debentures in Money.

VII. And be it further enacted. That before any Three per Cenium Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, or Bank Annuities at the Rate of Three. Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum, shall be transferred from.the Account of the fiud Commissioners, such Thrpe per

Cenium,

96* GEO. III,

C. 48.

159

Centum, or Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Bank Annuities) shall be first converted into Money by the Computation of the said Officer* according to the average Price of either Three per Centum Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities* or Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Bank Annuities* at the Option of the said Trustee expressed in their said Order* which shall he exhibited at the Office of the said Commissioners* under and by virtue of an y AS or A&8 now in force* on the Day of thfeDelivery of such Order at their said Office* such Price being the average Price of the said Three per Centum or Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Bank Annuities* on the Day preceding the Production and Delivery of the said Order as aforesaid $ any thing in the said recited AS or this AS to the contrary in anvwife notwithstanding.

VIII* Provided always* and be it further enacted* That upon the IlTue of any new Debenture or Debentures in Exchange for the original Debenture* with or without the I nt ere ft added thereto* such jiew Debenture or Debentures, shall be dated by the said Officer on the Sixth Day from and after the Date of the Trustees* Order requiring the IfTue of the same; and in like manner upon the Production of the Trustees* Order demanding Payment of any Debenture or Debeutures in Money* the Certificate to be granted by the said .Officer, to enable the Payment thereof* shall not be dated before the, Sixth Day from and after the Date of the Trustees* Order demanding .such Payment; any thing in the said recited AS to the contrary in .any wife not with (landing.

IX. Provided always* and be it further enacted* That if at any time it shall happen* upon the Payment of the Principal and Interest of any Debenture or Debentures in Money, that the said Computation and Examination of the Interest thereof shall not be completed -by the Sixth Day after the Day of the Date of the Trustees* Order , demapding Payment as aforesaid* nothing in the said recited Act or this AS contained shall be construed to prevent the Payment of the

Interest which shall appear to be actually due upon such Debenture or Debentures* up to the Day inclusive immediately preceding the Day of the completing such Computation and Examination; and the said Officer is hereby authorized and empowered* in all such Cases .to compute the Interest thereof up to the Day immediately preceding thj Day of completing such said Computation and Examination $ any thing in the said recited AS or this AS to the contrary in anywite notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted* That whenever any Three per Centum Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities* or Three Pounds.and Ten Shillings per Centum Bank Annuities* shall be required by the said Trustees to be transferred from the Account of the find.Commissioners* as hereinbefore directed* the said Officer shall and he.is hereby authorized and empowered to grant his Certificate for that

Purpose* to the Person or Persons applying for the same* according.to the Form in the Schedule to this AS annexed* marked (F. 2.), a Duplicate whereof shall be transmitted by the said Officer to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England; and upon the Production and Delivery of the said Certificate at the Bank of England» the said Agent or Agents of the said Commissioners shall* and he and they is and are hereby required to transfer from any Account of the jfaio Conutnffioners* (landing in the Books of the said Governor and

Company,

The Date of new Debentures j

and of Certificate.

Ascertaining the time to which Interest is to be computed

Certificate to be granted for transferring of Stock according to Schedule (F.a.)

€.49.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Accountant General of Bank to transmit Certificatt to Commissionen.

Regulation in case of the Payment or Renewal of more than One Debenture at one Time being required.

Schedules to 57 G. 3. €.130* may be used, till those annexed to Act are adopted.

InveAment not to be made in the Bank, except by such inftitutioos at restrain the Deposit of Individuals.

Commissioners of National Debt to require Production of Rulea so retraining.

'Company, the Amouht and Description of Stock therein stated, into the Names of the Two Trustees of such Saving Bank or Inftitutioa as Shall be Specified and described in Such Certificate.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That upon every such Transfer of Stock being made from the Account ot the said Commissioners, as hereinbefore directed, the Accountant General of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall, within Five Days after such Transfer wall have been made, transmit to the Office of the said Commissioners, for Delivery to the Perfoo applying for the same, a Certificate thereof, according to the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (G.)

XII. And be it further enacted, That if at any time the said Trnftees shall require the Payment or Renewal of more than One Debenture at one and the same time, it shall be lawful for any Two of the Said Trustees to give one General Order in Writing under their Hands, attested by Two other Trustees or Managers, or any Two credible Witnestes, either for the Renewal or for the Payment thereof in Money, or for the Payment thereof in Stock as aforesaid, containing the dumber and Amount of each Debenture, according to such Form as the said Commissioners shall direct, in lieu of indorfing such Order on the Back of each Separate Debenture, as required by the said recited Act 5 and the Production and Delivery of such General Order, together with thfe Several Debentures Specified therein, at the Office of the said Commissioners, Severally endorsed on the Back with the Names and under the Hands of the Two Trustees signing such General Order, shall be deemed as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, as though such Order had been endorsed by the said Trustees on each Debenture Separately; any thiog in the said recited Act or this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this -Ad con* tained shall be construed to prevent the Use of the Several Forms marked in the Schedule to the said recited Act annexed, for all the Purposes to which they are now applicable, notwithstanding the Repeal of the same, until the Adoption in lieu thereof of the sevend Forms in the Schedule to this Act annexed.

* XIV. And Whereas it is expedient more strictly to provide against*any improper Iaveftment of Monies under the Provisions of the said < recited Act and this AdBe it therefore enacted, That the Privilege of paying Money into the Bank of England9 and of receiving Debentures for the same, shall, from and after the First Day of Oe-iober One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, be reftrided to such Inftitution8 only which shall, by one or more of their Rules, provide that the Sums paid by any Person who shall pay or subscribe any Sum by Ticket or Number or otherwise, without disclosing his or her Name to the Trustees of such Institution, shall not exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds in any One Year; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, previous to the Payment of any Sum or. Sums into the Bank of England, in pursuance of this Act, to require the Production of such Rule or Rules so limiting the said Sum or Sums to be so depoiited, certified under the Hands of Two of the Trustees or Managers of each such Institution respectively, and any other Proof which they may think necessary to require.

XV. Provided

A-t). 1818. 58* GEO. III. C.

XV. Provided always, and be it farther enabled, That the Privilege of paying Money into the Bank of England, and of receiving Debentures for the same, shall be and the same is hereby declared to be extended to such Institutions as may have been established at any lime previous to the passing of the said recited Act of the lad Seffiou of Parliament, or who may have lince formed or may hereafter form their Rules and Regulations according to the Provisions of the said recited Act and this Ad\ and it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees of filch Institutions respectively to invest any Funds already accumulated by such Institutions, and which shall not have been in-vefted at the time of the passing of this Act, in Debentures in manner authorized by the said recited Act and this Act*

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in cases where any Banks for Savings have been or shall be established in any Town or Place, and other smaller Banks have been or shall be established in the Neighbourhood of such Town or Place, as Branch Banks thereof, and such Branch Banks by their Treasurers have paid or shall pay any Sums into the Bank in any such Town or Place, as a Central Bank, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Two of them, of any such Central Bank, to pay into the Bank of England\ in manner prescribed by the said recited Act, along with the Monies belonging* to such Central Bank, any Sum or Sums of Money belonging to and on account of any such Branch Bank: Provided always, that the Treasurers of such Branch Banks shall certify to the Treasurer of such Central Bank, that the Amount contributed by 2my one Subscriber to any such Branch Bank in any one Year, does not exceed the Proportions required by this Act.

XVII. And be it farther enacted, That whenever a Transcript of the Rules, Orders and Regulations, for the Management ot any Institution requiring the Benefit of the said recited Act and of this Act, shall have been or shall be deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division or Place wherein such Ihfti* tution shall be established, pursuant to the Difedions of the said recited Act, such Transcript shall be flgned by Two Trustees of such Institution, and shall by such Clerk of the Peace be laid before the Justices (pr such County, Riding, Division or Place, at the General or Quarter Sessions next after the time when such Transcript shall have been so deposited; and it (hill be lawful for such Justices |hen and there present, after due Examination thereof, to reject and difap-prove of such Part or Parts thereof as shall be repugnant to the true Intent and Meaning of. the said recited Act and this Act, or to allow and confirm the said Transcript, or such Part or Parts thereof as shall be conformable to. the true Intent and Meaning of the said recited Act and this Act: Provided always, that the faicl Justices shall signify such Rejedion or Difapproval of any one or more of the Rules, Orders and Regulations contained in such Transcript by the Word! 11 Rcjeded, " or M Disapproved, " written opposite such Rule or Rales, Order or Orders, Regulation or Regulations, and fignedby the Chairman of such Sessions; and such Rule or' Rules, Order or Orders, Regulation or Regulations, as shall be so rejected or difap* proved of, shall not be in force from the time of such Reiedion or Difapproval \ any thing in the said recited Act or this Act, or in any such Rules, Orders and Regulations, to the contrary notwith-ftlading j Provided always, that the said Clerk of the Peace do,

58 Geo. III. M within

m

Institutions formed previous to 57 0-3-c. & 3a to have the Privilege of invest ing Money in the Bank, &c.

Central Banks may invest the Money of Branch 'Banks.

Proviso

Justices at Sef-fion* may allow or reject any Rules of the Institutions fenS tu the Clerk of the Peace.

How such Rejection notified

Notice to Tro£ tees of Reje&iew

162

by Clerk of (he Peace.

Awards, Bonds,

fee. not liable to Stamp Duty,

C. 48. 58° GEO. III. A.D. 1818.

within the Space of Ten Days next after such RejeSion or Difap-proyal, give Notiee thereof in Writing to the Two Trustees of such Institution by whom the Transcript of such Rules, Orders and Regulations shall be signed as aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further euacted, That no Arbitration Bond or Boqd of Reference, nor any Award, Order or Determination of any Arbitrator or Arbitrators, or Umpire, which shall be made under the General Rules, Orders or Regulations of any Institution, filed as required by the said recited Act of the last Seifion of Parliament, and which Award, Order or Determination are-by the said Act declared to be final without Appeal, shall be subject or liable to or charged with any Stamp Duty or Duties whatsoever.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

(A.)

FORM of the Order of the Trustees to make Payments into the Bank of England, to be produced to the Officer of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

WE> being Two of the Trustees of the Saving Bank established at [infert the Town and County] do, in pursuance of Two Acts, made in the Fifty seventh and Fifty eighth Years of the Reign of King George the Third, to encourage the Establishment of Banks for Savings in England, hereby authorize and direct jA* B. to pay into the Bank of England, to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt Pounds,

and to receive for the same, on account of us the said Trustees, a Saving Bank Debenture of the like Amount, [or, Saving Bank Debentures making the like Amount as under] carrying Interest at the Rate of Three Pence per Day for every One hundred Pounds; and we hereby declare that the Sum above nated is the exclusive Property of the said Saving Bank specified in this our Order, and arises from individual Contributors to the said Bank, or, from the Funds of Branch Banks connected with the said Bank, and certified to us by the Trustees of such Branch Banks to be the Produce of individual Contributions, not exceeding in any case the Amount specified in the said Act for the Contribution of each Contributor, or, from voluntary Donation to the Funds of the said Society, or, from the Funds of Friendly Societies, subscribed through their Officers in pursuance of the said Act, and in no other manner, nor from any other Source

whatever. Witness our Hands^this Day of

Signed in the JPrefence of us»l 2£. Witness to the signing of C. > F. Witness to thefigning of D. J %

CERTIFICATE

A. D. 1818,

58° GEO. III.

CU8. 163

(B.)

CERTIFICATE of the Officer of the Commissionera for the Re* duftion of the National Debt to enable Payments to be made into the Bank of England.

T Do hereby certify. That it appears by an Order dated 1 produced to me conformable to the Pro*

visions of Tvjo A6b, made in the Fifty seventh and Fifty eighth Years of the Reign of King George the Third, to encourage the Eftabliffiment of Banks for Savings in England, that Two of the Trustees of the Saving Bank establiffied at [ tnfert. the Town and County] have authorized and directed A. B. to pay into the Bank of England, to the Account of the Commissionera for the Re* duction of the National Debt, the Sum pi

Pounds, and to receive a Saving Bank Debenture of the like Amount, [or, Saving Bank Debentures making the like Amount as under] carrying Interest at the Rate of Three Pence per Centum per Diem.

Witness my Hand,

G» Superintendent.

(C.)

FORM of the DEBENTURE to be issued by the Officer of the Commissionefs for the Reduction of the National Debt.

No._______________________I £___________________________________

Received of the Saving Bank

establiffied at in the County of

Pounds $ which Sum is placed to the Account of the CommiffiQners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

For the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, Entered, A, B. Caffiier.

YA/HE RE AS by virtue of Two A As, made in the Fifty seventh V V and Fifty eighth Years of King George the Third, to encourage the Eftabliffiment of Banks for Savings in England, the above Sum hath been paid into the Bank of England to the Account of the Commissionera for the Reduction of the National Debt, on account of the Saving Bank above stated: Now this Debenture it chargeable on the Monies or Funds standing in the Names of the Commissionera for the Reduction of the National Debt at the Bank of England, and entitles the said Saving Bank to the said Principal Sum, carrying an Interest after the Rate of Three Pence per Day For every One hundred Pounds, from the Day of the Date hereof inclusive, payable at the Bank of England to the Trustees, or to their Use, by the Order of Two of such Trustees, on the Twentieth Day of Mar \or% Twentieth Day of November next] next after the Date hereof or at any other time, upon the Production of such Order at the Office of the said Commissionera, and the Indorsement hereon of the Names and under the Hands of Two of the Trustees of the said Saving Batik, directing Payment thereof to be demanded by the Person producing the same; and the Interest shall in all cases be computed from

M2 the

56° GEO. IIr.

A.D. 181&

16* C.4P.

the Day of the Date of the Debenture inclusive, up to and including the Five Days following the Day of the Date of such Order.

Witness my Hand, the Day and Date above written,

C. D. Superintendent* This Debenture is not transferable nor assignable.

(D.)

FORM of DEBENTURE to be issued by the Officer of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt in Exchange for an Original Debenture, with or without the Interest added thereto.

No________________________ £-------------------------

x TflJHEREAS by virtue of Two Acts, made in the Fifty seventh and Fifty eighth Years of King George the Third, to encourage the Establishment of Banks for Savings in England, a Debenture [nr, Debentures] whereof the Principal, [or, the Principal and Intereft] amounting to the Sura of Pounds, hath

[or, have] been received at the Office of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, on account of the Saving Bank eftablWhed at in the County of

* Now this Debenture is in Exchange

for the same, and is chargeable on the Monies or Funds standing in the Names of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt at the Bank of England, and entitles the said Saving Bank to the said Sum above stated, carrying an Interest after the Rate of Three Pence per Day for every One hundred Pounds, from the Day of the Date hereof inclusive, payable at the Bank of England to the Trustees, or to their Use, by the-Order of Two of fuchTruftees, on the Twentieth Day of May [or. Twentieth Day of November] next after the Date hereof, or at any other time, upon the Pro-dudion of such Order at the Office of the said Commissioners, and the Indorsement hereon of the Names and under the Hands of Two of the Trustees of the said Saving Bank, directing Payment thereof to be demanded by the Person producing the same $ and the Interest shall in all cases be computed from the Day of the Date of the Debenture inclusive, up to and including the Five Days following the Day of the Date of such Order.

Witness my Hand, this Day of

C. 3* Superintendent* This Debenture is not transferable no* assignable.

(E.)

INDORSEMENT of the Order of the Trustees on the Debenture to receive Payment.

WE/ Two of the Trustees of the Saving Bank within described, do hereby authorize and direct C. Z). to demand and receive both the Principal and Interest of the Debenture in Money, [or, to demand and receive the Interest due thereon in Money, and also a new Debenture of the like Amount, in lieu of this Debenture, bearing the like Rate of Interect; ] [or, to demand a new Debenture [or. Debentures] of the like Amount, and the Interest added thereto, bearing the like Rate of Interest.]

Or.

A.D.131&

58° GEO. III.

a 48.

0r,

A- of and B. of

: Two of the Trustees of the Saving

Bank within described, do hereby require such an Amount of Three per Centum Consolidated [or. Reduced] Bank Annuities, [or. Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Bank Annuities] to be transferred into our said Names, as Trustees of the said Saving Bank, in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, computed according to the Provisions of the Act in that case made and provided, as shall' produce by such Computation the like Amount as the Principal and Interest of this Debenture in Money.

Witness our Hands, this Day of

Signed in the Presence of us, l £. Witness to the Signing of A. > -F. Witness to the Signing of B. J

* _____1 Trustees of the

b > said Saving

A----------j Bank.

: (F- *)

CERTIFICATE of the Officer of the Commissioners for the Re* duction of the National Debt, to enable the Payment of One or more Debentures in Money.

T Do hereby certify to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, That a Debenture [or. Debentures] hath [or, have] been delivered at the Office of the Commissioners for the Kedu&ioa of the National Debt, conformably to an Order under the Hands of Two of the Trustees of the Saving Bank established at [ infirt the Town and County 2 pursuant to the Provisions of Two A€t% paiTed in the Fifty seventh and Fifty eighth Years of the Reign of King George the Third, to encourage the Establishment of Banks' for Savings in England j and that the Sum to be paid on Account thereof in Money amounts to Pounds

Shillings and Pence ;

which said Sum pay to A. B. the Person authorized by the said Trustees to receive the same.

Witness my Hand, this Day of*

C. D. Superintendent.

Received the Sum above stated,

E. F. acting for the Trustees.

(F. *.)

CERTIFICATE of the Officer of the Commissioners for the Re-duction of the National Debt, to enable the Payment of One or more Debentures in Stock.

T Do hereby certify to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, That a Debenture [or, Debentures] hath [or, have] been delivered at the Office of the Commissioners tor the Reduction of the National Debt, on Account of the Saving Bank established at [Infert the Town and County] pursuant to the Provisions of Two Acts palTed in the Fifty seventh and Fifty eighth Years of the Reign of King George the Third, to encourage the EftabWhment of Banka

M 3 for

A.D.181R.

46 0.3. C. 5*.

47 0.3. 8e(T. I,

c.36.

31 0.3. c., *3«

C. 48, 49. 58° GEO. III.

for Savings in England; and that the Sum of

Three per Centum Consolidated [nr. Reduced] Bank. Annuities, [or. Three Pounds and Ten Shillings pet; Centum Bank Annuities] to be transferred on account thereof from the Account of the said Commissionert Handing in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, into the Names of A. of - and B. of Two

of the Trustees of the said Saving Bank, computed according to the Provisions of the said Act, amounts to Pounds.

Witness my Hand, this Day of

C. D. Superintendent.

(G.)

CERTIFICATE to be granted bv the Accountant General of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on the Transfer of Stock from the Account of the Commtffioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, to the Trustees of Saving Banks.

TN pursuance of T wo Acts, passed in the Fifty seventh and Fifty

* eighth Years of the Reign of King George the Third, to encou-

rage the Establishment of Banks for Savings in England, I do hereby certify. That the Sum of Three

Pounds per Centum Consolidated [or, Reduced] Bank Annuities,

J[or, Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Bank Annuities] hath been this Day transferred from the Account of the Com-'Xpimoners for the Reduction of the National Debt, into the Names of A. and 27. Two of the Trustees of the Saving Bank established at \infert the Town and County'] under the Provisions of the find

Act.

Witness my Hand, this Day of

CAP. XLIX.

An A.& to explain Three A&s, passed in the Forty G*th, Forty seventh and Fifty first Years of His Majesty's Reign, respectively, for the Abolition of the Slave Trade. '

[30th May 1818.]

* WHEREAS an A d was paflbd in the Forty* sixth Year of 4 .VV the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to pre-1 vtnt the Importation of Slaves by any of His Majesty's Subje8s into 4 any Islands, Coionics, Plantations or Territories belonging to any

* Foreign Sovereign, State or Power; and also to render more 4 effcBual a certain Order made by His Majesty in Council on the

* Fifteenth Dap of August One thousand eight hundred and five> for 4 prohibiting the Importation of Slaves (except in certain Cases) into 4 any of the Settlements, I (lands % Colonies or Plantations on the Conti-4 nent of America or in the West Indies, which have been surrendered 4 to His Majesty's Arms during the present War; and to prevent the 4 fitting out of Foreign Slave Ships from British Ports: And Whereas 4 an Act was passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His 4 present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Abolition of the Slave

* Trade; And Whereas another Act was passed in the Fifty first

« Year

A.D. 181ft.

58° GEO. III.

C. 49.

167

* Year of the Reign of Hie present Majesty, intituled An Act for

* rendering more ejfcSual an A8 made in tie Forty /eventh Tear of

* Hie Majejh's Reign* intituled*An Act for the Abolition of the

* Slave Trade : * And Whereas divers Persons have, contrary to Law, *

* imported into certain of His Majesty's Possessions on the Continent

* of South America, certain Negro Slaves from other Possessions of < His Majesty: And Whereas it is expedient that all Persons who

* have been concerned in adviffng, authorizing or making such Im-

* portations of Negro Slaves as aforesaid, contrary to Law, should

* be indemnified, inasmuch as such Importations have been made 1 under a belief that they were authorized by Law Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament attembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the said Importations be and be deemed valid and of due Force in Law; and that all personal Actions and Suits, Indidments, Informations and all Prosecutions and Proceedings whatsoever, which have been or shall be hereafter prosecuted or commenced against any Person or Persons for having advised, authorized or made any such Importation at any time before the passing of this Act, be, are and shall be. discharged and made void by virtue of this Act; and that if any Action or Suit shall be pro-fecated or commenced against any Person or Persons for or by reason of any such Importation, he, (he or they may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the (pedal Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any Action or Suit so to be prosecuted or commenced in that Part of the United Kingdom called England or that Part called Ireland* or in any of His Majesty's Possessions on the Continent of South America or in the West India Istands, shall become nonsuit, or forbear further Prosecution, or suffer Difcontinu-ance, or if a Verdict shall pass against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants mall recover his, her or their Double Costs, for which he, (he or they shall have the like Remedy as in cases where the Costs by Law are given to the Defendants \ and if any such Action or Suit as aforesaid' shall be commenced or prosecuted in the Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ the Court before which such Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted shall allow to the Defender the Benefit of the Discharge and Indemnity thereby provided, and shall further allow him his Double Costs of Suit in all such cases as aforesaid.

II. And be it also enacted, That if any Action or Suit hath been already commenced against any Person or Persons for any such Importation, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defenders m such Action or Suit respectively, in whatever Court of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland or in any of His Majesty's Possessions on the Continent of South America* or in the Wejt India Istands, such Action or Snit shall have been commeneed, to apply to such Court or Courts respectively, to stay all Proceedings thereon-respectively, by Motion in a summary Way, and such Court or Courts are hereby required to make Order for that Purpose accordingly; and the Court or Courts making such Order shall allow and award to the Defendant or Defenders respectively Double Costs of Suit| for which they shall respectively have the like Remedy at in

M 4 cabs

Certain Importations of Slaves rendered valid, and Probations nulled.

General lfluc in such Afiions.

Double Costs.

A&lons in Scotland.

Double Costs.

Proceeding* where Suit*have' been commenced to be^fteyedi

Double Cost*

J«a e.49. 58° GEO. III. A.D. 18185

Slaves may be transported from the Bahamas and D minica to South America pn Licence.

Hb Majesty in Council may make further Rules and Orders.

Regulations as to the Conveyance of Slaves from one Settlement V> another bj Sea.

proviso for employing Slaves in Navigation, f iihui|, &S*

cases where the Costs are by Law given to the Defendant or Defenders.

III. And Whereas it has been represented that there is in the < Bahama Islands, and on certain Estates in the Island of Dominica*

4 a considerable Quantity of the Land which, from Length of Culti-« vation, has become exhausted i And Whereas it has in consequence 4 become impossible for the Proprietors of such Land to find pro-4 fitable Employment and Subsistence for the Negro Slaves who are 4 their Property, and have hitherto been fopported by cultivating

the said Land: And Whereas it might tend to ameliorate the Con-4 dition of the said Negro Slaves if they could by Law be tranf-4 ported to certain of His Majesty's Possessions on the Continent of

* South America, to which by Law they cannot now be transported Be it enacted. That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, to grant Licences for the Transportation of such Slaves from any of the said Island* to any of the said Possessions on the Continent of South America, under certain Regulations and Re-ftri&ions, to be hereinafter provided: Provided always, that no such Licence shall be granted tinlefs upon a Representation to His Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council, from the Proprietor of such Negro Slaves, who shall be required to produce (atisfaftory Proof that the said Slaves may be to transported without Difad-vantage to themselves, and unless he shall enter into Bond to remove the said Negro Slaves in Families.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, to make such further Rules and Regqjations, with respect to the Tranf-port and Destination of any such Negroes, with such Penalties and Forfeitures for the Breach thereof, as shall seem fit and necessary to His Majesty, by and with the Advice aforesaid.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Perfop or Persons to embark, ship, export or carry upon the Sea, apy Slave or Slaves from any such Settlement or Territory, now belonging to, or under the Dominion, or in the Possession of His Majesty, on the Continent of South America, to any other Country, Istand, Territory or Place whatever, whether under the Dominion of His Majesty, or of any Foreign Sovereign, State 'or Power; any thing in the said recited A&s or either of them, or in any other Act or Aflts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided also, 'that nothing hereinbefore contained shall extend or ho construed to extend to prohibit or prevent the embarking, {hipping, exporting or carrying by S.ea any Slave or Slaves from any such Settlement or Territory of or belonging to, or under the Dominion, or in the Possession of His Majesty, on the Continent of South America, to any other Settlement or Territory now belonging to, or under the Dominion, or in the Possession of His Majesty, on the said Continent of South America, so as that such Slaves are embarked, shipped and so carried by Sea, under and subject and according to all the Re-ftri&iops. Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures in the said recited A&8 or either of them contained, in relation to the carrying of Slaves from one Istand, Colony or Plantation belonging to His Majesty, to any other Istand, Colony or Plantation belonging to His Majesty r Provided also, that nothing hereinbefore contained shall prevent or be

conftrued

A.D.1818.

58° GEO. III.

1G9

C. 4f>, 50.

Construed to prevent any Slave from being employed either in Navigation, Fishing or any other his ordinary Business or Occupation upon the Seas, in the same manner as Slaves may now be employed in any British West India Istand, in Numbers not exceeding in any one Boat or Vessel those usually employed in navigating fucn Vessels^ slave* or Boats: Provided also, that nothing hereinbefore coutained shall ^omeftic extend or be con ft rued to extend to prevent any Slave who shall be Servants attend-really and truly the domestic Servant of any Person redding or being ing their Maftei s in any such Settlement or Territory, now belonging to, or under the ty Sea-Dominion, or in the Possession of His Majesty as aforesaid, from attending his or her Owner, or Master or Mistress, or any Part of his or her Family, by Sea to any Place whatever, in the same manner and under the same Regulations as are prescribed by any of the said recited Acts as to Slaves attending their Matters from any British West India Island.

CAP. L.

An Act to amend and continue, until the Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twenty, an Act passed in the Fifty lixth Year of His present Majesty, to repeal the Duties payable in Scotland upon WaQi and Spirits, and Distillers* Licences; to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; and to establish further Regulations for the Distillation of Spirits from Corn, for Home Consumption, in Scotland.

[30th May 1818.]

* WHEREAS an Act passed in the Eiftv sixth Year of the 0*3-«<*

* W Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal

* tie Duties payable in Scotland ufon Wash and Spirits, and Diftillers9

* Licences; to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; and to establifb

* further Regulations for the Distillation of Spirits from Com, for

* Home Consumption9 in Scotland, until the Tenth Day of November ' One thousand eight hundred and. eighteen; and it is expedient that < the same should be altered, amended, and continued: * May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be ena&ed\ and Be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Aur

thority of the same. That from and after the said Tenth Day of From Nov. ic, November One thousand right hundred and eighteen, and until the 1818, to Nov. Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twenty, Jo»i8ao, ihe there shall be railed, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty,

His Heirs and Successors, the several Duties of Excise hereinafter ievied. mentioned; that is to say,

For every Gallon of Wort or Walh brewed or made in any Part Duties on or Place in Scotland, from any Malt, Corn, Grain or Tilts, or any Womans Mixture with the same, for extrafting Spirits for Consumption iq Scotland, Seven pence Halfpenny:

For every Gallon of Spirits of the Strength of Seven ter Centum above Proof, as denoted by the Hydrometer called Sikes* Hydrometer, which shall be made or distilled from any Malt, Corn, Grain or Tilts, or any Mixture therewith, in any Part or Place in Scot* land, for Consumption in Scotland, 4 Eight pence Halfpenny:

The

17ft

C. 50.

58* GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

On Licences.

Duties to be levied under the Provisions of

J4 G 3-c. 172.

Duties paid into the Exchequer.

Rate at which Duty charged.

Where Spirits exceed Proportion of 13 Gallons for 100 Gallons of such Worts, 4s. 9$d. per Gallon paid for Excel*

The whole Quantity of Worn for Fermentation col:

The said Duties to be paid by the respective Makers or Distillers of such Wort, Walh or Spirits respectively.

For every Licence to be taken out by any Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits, in any Part or Place in Scotland* for Sale therein, or for Exportation therefrom, the Sum of Ten Pounds :

For every Licence to be taken out by any Reftifier of Spirits, in any Part or Place in Scotland, the Sum of Five Pounds ;

The said Duties for Licences to be paid by the respective Dif-tillers and Reftifiers taking out such Licences respectively.

II. And be it enacted, That the said Duties granted by this Act shall be under the same Management, and mall be raised, levied, collested, secured and paid, in the same manner, and by the same Ways and Means, and under and subject t6 all the Rules, Regulations, Reflriftions and Provifiona, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, and with and subject to such and the like Powers, Authorities and Declarations, as are provided by the said recited Act, except as altered and amended by this Act, and as are provided by an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Y^ar of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the Duties payable in Scotland upon Distillers Wqfh, Spirits and Licences, and for granting other Duties in lien thereof for the Management, Collection and Recovery of the Duties thereby granted, so far as the same are confident with the said first recited Act and with this Act.

III. And be it further enacted. That the Duties granted by this Act (the necessary Charges of railing and accounting for the same excepted) shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and Shall he carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain*

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, every Distiller for Home Consumption in Scotland shall be charged with and pay the Duties granted by this Act, at and after the Rate of Thirteen Gallons of Spirits of the Strength of Seven per Centum above Proof as afore said, for every One hundred Gallons of his or her Wort or Walh prepared or made from Malt, Corn, Grain or Tilts, of a Gravity not exceeding Seventy, as indicated by the Saccharometer in manner after mentioned.

V. And be it further enacted. That if any Distiller or Distillers of Spirits for Home Consumption in Scotland shall, from the Commencement of the Termination of his, her or their Licence, or when such Distiller or Distillers shall previously cease working for the Season, extract, make, distil or produce from Wort or Wash prepared or made from Malt, Corn, Grain or Tilts, any Quantity of Spirits exceeding the Proportion of Thirteen Galions, for every -Hundred Gallons of such Worts or Walh distilled into Spirits as aforesaid, every such Distiller or Distillers shall pay Dufy for all such Spirits exceeding the Proportion aforesaid at and after the Rate of Four Shillings and Nine pence Halfpenny for every Gallon of such Excess,

computed at the Strength of Seven per Centum above Proof as a fore-laid, over and above all other Duties on Worts, Wash or Spirits whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the whole Quantity of Worts that are to be placed in any Walh Batch, Tun or Veffei for Fermentation, /hall be collected therein within the Space of Twelve

Hours

A. D.1818.

58* GEO. III.

C.50.

171

Hours from and after the Commencement of running or conveying Ufted within 12

any Part of the said Worts from the Coolers or other Vessels; Houri, «nd De-

and all and every Distiller or Diftdlers shall within such Twelve Won*

Hours make and deliver to the proper Officer a Declaration in Writ. areofM Gravity

ing, that such Worts so collected as aforesaid are of a Gravity not not exceeding

exceeding Seventy, as indicated by the Saccharometer directed by 70.

the said first recited A & to be provided and used for this Purpose;

and if any Distiller or Distillers shall refuse or neglect so to collet

all such Worts within the time aforesaid, or shall neglect or refufe

to make such Declaration as aforesaid, or make a fallc Declaration,

or shall ferment or mix such Worts with any Yeast, or any matter

or thing for or occafiening Fermentation, before the proper Officer

shall have examined and taken an Account of the Gravity thereof

by such Saccharometer as aforesaid; or which, after being so colle&ed

as aforesaid, shall exceed the Gravity aforesaid; every tucb Distiller

or Distillers shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and pay Penalty tool.

the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Treasury may for the Commissionert of His Majesty's Treasury of the United empower Com-Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, by any V!*.0"*" Ex-Warrant, Order or Inftru&ion signed by any Three or more of them, llowSS'.nd to authorize and empower the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland , 'm^aa security for the time being, by any Licence or Authority in Writing under time for Pay-the Hands of any Three or more of them, to allow such time as meat of Duties, they shall think fit for the Payment by any Distiller or Distillers "f*

for Home Consumption in Scotland of the Duties granted by this interest »t

Act, no( exceeding Two Calendar Months from the time the same 5i ^

shall respectively become due and payable, and to take such Security

or Securities for the Payment thereof, with Interest thereon at the

Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum from the Day on which

the same are payable by Law, until the same shall be paid, as the

said Commissioners of Excise shall think proper, subject to such

Limitations, Conditions and Reftri&ions as the said Commissioners

of His Majesty's Treasury shall think fit; any thing in any Act or

Acts to the contrary notwithftaoding.

VIII. And be it further ena6ted, That from and after .the Tenth Locks aQd Faf-

Day of November One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, a tarings for fe-proper Lock and Fattening shall be provided and maintained by curing the Dir. the refpe6fcive Supervisor of Excise of the Division or District, at Cock*, ,

the Expence and Charge of every Distiller of Spiritg for Home b^e SuMrvU* Consumption in Scotland, for properly and sufficiently locking and At the £x.*Securing the Discharge Cock of every Walh Batch or Fermenting pence of the Tun or Vessel used by such Distiller or Diftiliers; which Lock Distiller.

and Fattening shall be taken and Sealed by the proper Officer of Ex- Locka and F, f-ife, and shall be and remain always so locked and Sealed, excepting 6

when the same shall be opened by the proper Officer of Excise, opened by the who shall attend when thereunto required by such Distiller for the proper Officer, Purpose of opening such Lock or Locks, and allowing the Walh io yhae the W«so any such Wa(h Batch or Tun to be conveyed into the Jack Back ""Wf0 in the manner directed by the said first recited A611 and that as K ac*soon as the Charge for any Still shall have been run into the Jack Back in the manner dire6fced by the said* first recited A&» the Discharge Cock of the Wa(h Batch or Fermenting Tun or Tuns from wbenct such Charge shall have been taken, (hail be again locked and

Sealed

C. 50.

J>8° GEO. III.

A.D. 1813.

Distiller. Sec. neglecting to P-y, &c.

OMtrutfing Officer, &c.;

or if lack Back not proi*riy placed.

Penalty loci. Before making Bub or any other Compofi-tion, Entry {halt be made of the Veffelt, and NoT tree given to the Officer before Che making of any such Mixture, who may take Account and aUo Samples to ascertain the Gravity.

In what case Composition taken at Walk.

Not making Entry, negle&-hig to give Notice, unduly making such Composition, tc.

foaled as aforesaid by the proper Officer, before the Waih Still shall be opened into which such Charge is to be pumped up from the Jack Back in the mariner directed by the said first recited Act j and that such Jack Back shall in all Cases be placed in the Still House, as near as conveniently may be to the Waih Still to which it forms the Means of Charge; and if any such Distiller or Distillers shall neglect or refuse to pay for any Lock, Key or other necefikry Fattening for securing such Discharge Cock as aforesaid, or for the Repair or Removal thereof, which shall be provided or made by or by the Order of any Supervisor according to the Direction of this Act, <jr shall open, break or injure the same; or if anj Perfoa or Persons shall obstruct or hinder anj Officer or Officers ot Excise, or any Person or Persons by him or them employed in that behalf, in the fixing or placing any such Fastening in inch manner at such Officer or Officers shall direct or think expedient to answer any of the Purposes by this Act in that behalf intended, or in the locking, sealing or securing any such Discharge Cock; or if the Jack Back ufedby such Distiller shall not be placed in the Still House as near as conveniently may be to the Waih Still as aforesaid, eveij such Distiller shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and laic the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted. That before making or using a Composition or Mixture called Bub, or any other Composition or Mixture for inducing or increaling the. Fermentation of Wort or Waih, every Distiller of Spirits for Home Consumption in Scotland shall make Entry of every Vessel used by him or her for the Purpose of making or keeping any such Composition or Mixture* describing the same, and in what Part of the Premises the same is placed; and every such Distiller shall also give Notice to the Officer of Ezcife, at least Six Hours before beginning to make any such Composition or Mixture, and shall also in such Notice specify the particular Waih Batch or Fermenting Tun into which such Composition or Mixture is to be put, and the Quantity of such Composition or Mixture to be made by such Diftmer, which Quantity shall not exceed the Proportion of Seven Gallons thereof for every One hundred Gallons of Worts, for inducing the Fermentation of which the said Composition or Mixture is to be prepared; and the Officer shall take ah Account thereof in such Vessels respectively, and also of the Worts placed or to be placed in the Waih Batch or Fermenting Tun, for inducing the Fermentation of which such Composition or Mixture is to be used, and shall and may at all times be at liberty to take a Sample or Samples of such Composition or Mixture, to ascertain the Gravity thereof by the said Saccharometer; and if the Gravity thereof or any Pait thereof so ascertained shall not at any time exceed the Gravity of the Worts made by such Distiller so limited, and so taken an Account of when collected as aforesaid, and shall not at any time be found of a less Gravity than Twenty, as indicated by the said Saccharometer, such Composition or Mixture shall be deemed and taken to be Waih, and the Duty hereby imposed on Wort or Waih shall be charged thereon: And if any such Distiller shall not make Entry of every such Vessel as aforesaid, or shall at any time alter or change the Position of any such Vessels without giving Notice thereof m Writing to the proper Officer of Excise, or shall not give such Notice as is herein directed, or shall make any such Qompofitien or

Mixture

A.D. 1818.

58* GEO* III.

C. 50.

173

Mixture of a greater Quantity .or Gravity than aforesaid, or if the Officer shall be prevented or obstructed in taking an Account thereof or Samples as aforesaid, as often and at such tunes as he may think necessary to ascertain the Gravity and Quantity thereof or if such Distiller shall refuse or neglect to remove and put all such Com* position or Mixture into the Wa(h Batch or Fermenting Tun specified in such Notice as aforesaid, immediately after the Worts are collected therein, and a Declaration of the Gravity thereof is delivered to, and the Gravity thereof has been tried by the Officer, for the fermenting of which the said Composition or Mixture was specified in such Notice as aforesaid, or shall keep in any such Vessel any such Composition which shall have become attenuated so low as Twenty, as indicated by the said Saccharometer, or if such Distiller shall at any time increase the Gravity of such Composition or Mixture after Trial thereof shall have been once made by Means of the said Saccharometer, or if after such Trial shall have been made the Gravity of any such Composition or Mixture shall be found to be more than Five Degrees greater, as indicated by the said Saccharometer, than the_ Gravity thereby indicated on such Trial as aforesaid; 'every such Distiller so offending in anv of the above Particulars, or in whose Premises any fuch-Offence mall be committed, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds: Provided always, that if any such Composition or Mixture made by any such Distiller shall not have become' attenuated so low as Twenty, as indicated by the said Inftniment called ? Saccharometer, and such Distiller shall within Twenty four Hours after such Composition or Mixture shall have been begun to be made, to be reckoned from the time that the Officer first took Account thereof, remove and put the Whole thereof into the Wash Batch or Fermenting Tun specified in such Notice as aforesaid, in the Presence of the proper Officer of Excise, and if such Officer shall then find an Increase of the Quantity of Worts in such Wash Batch or Fermenting Tun equal to the Amount arising from such Composition or Mixture put therein, such Composition or Mixture put therein shall be charged with Duty therein as Part of the Worts or Wa(h in such Wa(h Batch or Tun, and not diftin&Iy and separately therefrom.

X. And Whereas the Djftilhng Feints with Wa(h is injurious to the Quality of the Spirits; Be it therefore enacted. That from and after the Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, no Distiller of Spirits for Home Consumption in Scot land shall mix any Feints with any Wa(h or Low Wines, or put any Feints into any Back or other Vessel, or into any Still into which any Wash or Low Wines shall then be, or any Wash into any Back or other Vessel or into any Still where any Feints shall be; but shall, and every such Distiller is hereby required to provide a proper Feint Cask, sufficient to contain the whole Quantity of Feints necessary for one Charge of the Low Wine Still used by any such Distiller or Distillers; and every such Distiller shall, immediately on the extracting thereof, run and convey all the Feints which shall be produced from each Charge of his or her Still or Stills, directly from such Still or Stills into such Feint Cask, to be kept therein under the'Lock of the Officer; and all Feints to be produced by any such Distiller shall be kept and continued in such Feint Cask under such Lock as aforesaid, until the same amount in Quantity to such Charge as aforesaid.

Penalty aooL

Regulation* aa to attenuating Mixtures In what case Miituro charged as Part, of the Worts.

No Feints to be mixed with Wash, &c.

Cask to be provided to contain the Quantity necessary for a Charge.

Regulation* for running the Feints, 8tc.

C. 50, 51.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

ProvUb at to collecting and keeping Feints.

Penalty aool.

When Licences to expire.

Continuance of Act and of 56 O.3. c.106.

Act may be altered, fcc. thl* Seffioo.

4 Edw. 4. c. J.

t Ann. Sut. % c. 18.

and shall be pumped into the Low. Wine Still as hereinafter mentioned 1 and the proper Officer of Excise shall and may frOm time to time, during such time as aforesaid, take a true Gauge, and try the Strength of all Feints in such Feint Calk, and cast and compute the same at the Rate of Seven per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, and keep an exact Account thereof: Provided always, that no such Distiller shall collect or keep at any one time a greater Quantity of Feints than is sufficient for One Charge of the 'Low Wine Still nfed by him or her; and that so soon as such Quantity of Feints shall be so collected as aforesaid, every such Distiller shall, and he and (he is hereby required to give Notice to the proper Officer that fnch Feints are so collected, and of his or her Intention to charge his or her Low Wine Still therewith, and upon the Officer's attending pursuant to such Notice, to pump all such Feints, in the Presence of such Officer, from and out of such Feint Ca(k into the Low Wine Still used by such Distiller, and to run the Produce thereof from such Low Wine Still into the Low Wine Receiver $ and any Distiller offending in any of the above Particulars, shall for every Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it (hall'and may be lawful for any Distiller or Distillers to apply at any time for a Licence to distil under the Authority of this Act, but that every such Licence shall expire on the Ninth Day of November immediately fubfequeot to the Day of the Commencement of such Licence.

XII. And be it further enacted, That this Act and the said first recited Act, as altered and amended by this Act and hereby continued, shall be and remain in force until the said Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twenty; and the said recited Act and this Act shall be construed and receive Effect together, in the same manner as if such Parts of the said first recited Act as are hereby continued had, as hereby altered, been made Part of this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this A A may be altered,

varied or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this prefect Seffioo of Parliament. ^

CAP.'LL

An Act to amend certain Acts passed in the Fourth Year of King Edward the Fourth} First and Tenth Years of Queen Anne 1 First, Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of King George the First 5. Thirteenth, Twenty second and Twenty ninth Years of King George the Second; and Thirteenth and Fifty seventh Years of King George the Third; prohibiting the Payment of the Wages of Workmen in certain Trades otherwise than in the lawful Coin or Money of this Realm.

[30th May 1818.]

* WHEREAS in and by certain Provisions contained in an Act < W passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty i King Edward the Fourth, and by certain other Provifioos of an 1 Ad passed in the First Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen

* Anne, intituled An A3 for the more tjfcBual preventing the Abuses

* and Fraud* of Person* employed in the working up the WooUen*

if Linen,

A.D. J81S.

58? GEO. lit

C. 51

175

* Linen % Fustian, Cotton and Iron ManufaBures of this Kingdom ;

4 and by certain other Provisions of an A A passed in the Tenth xoAnn. c. 16.

* Year of the Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled an jiB for 4 regulatingf improving and eneouraging the Woollen ManufaBurt 4 of Mint or Medley Broad Cloth% and for the better Payment of 4 the Poor employed therein; and by certain other Provifioos of an

4 AA passed in the First Year of the Reign of His late Majesty x G. r. Sut. » 4 King George the First, intituled An AB to make an AB of the Tenth xi-4 Tear of Her late MajcRy* intituled An AB for regulatings improv*

4 ing and encouraging of the Woollen ManufaBure oj Mint or 4 Medley Broad Cloths and for the better Payment of the Poor 4 employed therein, more ejfeBual for the Benefit of Trade in general ;

4 and also to render more ejfeBual an AB of toe Seventh Tear of Her y Ann. c. 13.

4 said Majesty's Reign y intituled An AB for the better ascertaining 4 the Lengths and Breadths of Woollen Cloth made in the County 4 of Yprk; and by certain other Provisions of an AA passed in the 4 Twelfth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty King George the xaO. 1. c. 34. 4 First, intituled An AB to prevent unlawful Combination of Work*

4 men employed in the Woollen ManufaBures and for the better Pay-4 ment of their Wages; and by certain other Provifiona of an AA 4 passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Hit said late Majesty 13 G. 1. c. aj.

' King George the First, intituled An AB for the better Regulation

4 of the Woollen ManufaBures and for preventing Dilutes among the 4 Persons concerned therein; and for limiting a time for profecutiug 4 for the Forfeiture appointed by an AB of the Twelfth Tear of His 4 Majeftf s Reigns in case of Payment of the Workmen's Wages in 4 any other manner than in Money; and by certain other Provittons 4 of an A A passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Hia 13 G a. c.8.

4 late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An AB to explain

4 and amend an A3 made in the First Tear of the Reign of Her 4 kite Majesty, Queen Anne, intituled An AB for the more ejfeBual 4 preventing the Abuses and Frauds of Persons employed in the work-4 ing up the Woollens Linen, Fustians Cotton and Iron ManufaBures 4 of thu Kingdoms and for extending the said AB to the Manu*

4 faBures of Leather; and by certain other Proviiions of an. A A 4 passed in the Twenty second Year of the Reign of His said late aa G. a* c. %y% 4 Majesty King George the Second, intituled An AB for the more 4 ejfeBual preventing of Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons 4 employed in the Manufacture of Hats% and in the Woollens Linens 4 Fustians Cottons Irons Leathers Furs Hemps Flax9 Mohair and 4 Suk ManufaBures; and for the preventing the unlawful Com*

4 hinaam of Journeymen Dyers and Jomneymen Hotprefferss and of 4 all Persons employed in the said several ManufaBures; and for 4 the better Payment of their Wages; and by certain Proyittons of 4 an AA passed in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His 2f o. 2. c. 33. 4 said Majesty King George the Second, intituled An AB to render 4 more ejfeBual an AB passed in the Twelfth Tear of the Reign of 4 His late Majesty King George, to prevent unlawful Combinations 4 of Workmen employed in the Woollen ManufaBures* and for better 4 Payment of their Wages; and also an AB passed in the Thirteenth 4 Tear of the Reign of His said late Majesty, for the better Regu-4 lotion of the Woollen ManufaBures and for preventing Dijpules 4 among the Persons concerned therein» and for limiting a time for 4 presenting for the Forfeiture appointed by the aforesaid AB, in

1 crfe

17 G-3- c.56.

57 0*3-

| Sic.

57 0.3. c.iaa.

Wage* may be paid iu Bank Note* if the Party contents.

C. 51., £ru GEO. III. A.D.ISIS.

* case of the Payment of the Workmen'1 Wages in any other manner 4 than in Money; ami by certain other Provisions of an A St passed

* in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An 4 AS for amending and rendering more effectual the federal Laws 4 now in being for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and 4 Abuses, by Persons employed in the ManufaSure of Hats, and in 4 the Woollent Linen, Fujlian, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Fur9 Hemp, 4 Flax, Mohair and Silh ManufaBures, and also for making Pro-4 visions to prevent Frauds by Journeymen Dyers; at well as by

* the Provisions of Two other Acts of the Fifty seventh Georges

< Third, the one intituled An Act to extend the Provisions of an AS 4 of the Twelfth Tear of His late Majesty King George the firjfi, and 4 an AS of the Twenty second Tear of His late Majesty King George

* the Second, agatnfi the Payment of Labourers in Goods or by Truck, 4 and to secure their Payment in the lawful Money of this Realm to

* Labourers employed in the ManufaSure of Articles made of Steel, or 4 of Steel or Iron combined, and of Plated Articles, and of other 4 Articles of Cutlery; and the other intituled An Act to extend the 4 Provisions of an AS of the Twelfth Tear of His late Majesty King 4 George the First, and an AS of the Twenty second Tear of His 4 late Majesty King George the Second, against Payment of Labourert

* in Goods or by Truck, and to secure their Payment in the lawful 4 Money of this Realm, to Labourers employed in the Colheries, of

* in the working and getting of Coal, in the United Kingdom of Great

* Britain and Ireland \ and for extending the Provisions of the said9ASs to Scotland and Ireland $ the Payment of the Wans of 4 Workmen in certain Trades and Occupations in the aforesaid A&s 4 enumerated, in any other Way than in the lawful Coin or Money 4 of this Realm, is prohibited ahd made penal: And Whereas it9would be expedient that Persons Concerned in the Trades or Oc-

* cupations, or concerned in the Employment of Artificers, Work-4 men or Labourers, of the Descriptions mentioned in the aforesaid 4 A&8, should be permitted in all Cases where such Artificers,

4 Workmen or Labourers, shall be willing to receive the same .in

* Payment, to fatiafy and pay the Wages of such Artificers# Work-4 men or Labourers, in Notes of the Governor and Company of the

< Bank of England, or in Notes of any duly licensed Banker or 4 Bankers, issued under the Authority and according to the Pro-

* visions of the A£ks for the time being for granting and regulating 4 the Stamp Duties, and other the Act or A&s for the time being,

4 for that Purpose made and providedBe it therefore enacted by The King'a Most Excellent Majesty, by and with, the Adflbe and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it fhffll and may be lawful to and for all and every Perfba or Persons concerned in the Trades or Occupations, or concerned in the Employment of Artificers, Workmen or Labourers of the De-feriptions mentioned in the aforesaid A6U, or any of them, to pay the Wages of their, his or her Workman or Workmen, Labourer or Labourers, Artificer or Artificers, in a Note or Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or in «' Note or Notes of any <iu1y licensed Banker or Bankers, issued under the Authority of the Statutes for the time being in that behalf made and provided, and according to.{he Provisions of the §tatutqi for

the

A.D.I81&

58* GEO. III.

- C. 51.

177

the time being for granting and regulating the Stamp Duties in all Cases where his, her or their Labourer or Laboorert, Workman or Workmen, Artificer or Artificers, shall freely and voluntarily consent, and be willing to accept and receive the same in Payment or Satisfaction of his, her or their Wages, but not otherwise.

* II. And Whereas by the said Acts or some of them it is pro-* vided, that the Forfeitures and Penalties thereby imposed on Per-4 fons concerned in the Trades and Occupations, or concerned in the 4 Employment of Artificers, Workmen and Labourers of the De-4 scription therein mentioned, who shall pay the Wages of the said 4 Artificers, Workmen or Labourers, or any Part thereof, otherwise 4 than in the lawful Coin or Money-of this Realm, contrary to the 4 Provifiong of the said Acts, shall be paid in some Cases to the 4 Artificers, Workmen and Labourers, and in other Cases One 4 Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Party or 4 Parties aggrieved: And Whereas it would tend to the more easy 4 Conviction of Offenders, if the said Forfeitures and Penalties were 4 in future in all Cases to be paid, One Moiety to the Informer, and 4 the other Moiety to the Use of the Poor of the Parish in which the 4 Offence is committed Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said Acts or any of them a9 directs the Payment of the said Forfeitures and Penalties, either to the Labourers, Artificers or Workmen themselves, or in equal Moieties to the Informer and to the Party or Parties aggrieved, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person or Persons shall incur and be convicted in any Penalty or Penalties under any of the said Acts, such Penalty or Penalties, in which any such Person or Persons shall be so con vided, in (lead of being applied as by the said Acts or any of them is directed, shall -be paid and applied, One Moiety thereof to the* Informer, and the other Moiety to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, or in Scotland to the Kirk Session of the Parish within which the said Offence shall have been committed, for the Use of the Poor of the said Parish.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the# Informer shall be called to give Evidence, the. Whole of the Penalty shall in that Case go to the Poor of the Parish. ....

4 V. And Whereas Difficulties have occurred "in the Execution 4 of the aforesaid Acts by reason of there being no Form of Con-4 vidion therein enacted ; 9 Be it therefore enacted. That for the more effectually preventing the pernicious Practices mentioned in the said'recited Acts, and for the more easy and effectual carrying into Effect the wholesome Provisions of the said Acts, the Form of Con-vidion inserted iu Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed, shall be deemed and taken to be the legal and proper Form of Conviction as to any Penalty or Penalties to be incurred under any or either of the aforesaid Acts. .

VI. And be it also further enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, Regulations, Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures in the said Acts or any of them contained; for the Purposes aforesaid, shall be exerciied, enforced, levied, recovered and applied, in as ample and full a manner as if the same had been hereby enacted.

So much of re. cited Alla as relates to Pay. merit of Forfeitures repealed.

One Moiety of Forfeitures to Informer, the other to the Poor, or in Scotland to the Kirk SeHinn of the Parish.

In what case Penalty to Poor.

Form of Con-vi&ion in Schedule (A.) to be adopted.

Powers of recited Alls extended to this Act.

58 Geo. III.

N

SCHEDULE

178

C.51, 52.

56* GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

SCHEDULE td which this AQt refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Shire 1 RE it remembered. That on this Day of

to wit J at in the said County of

A. B. or in the said County of was

duly convicted before us (Two of

His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the County aforesaid), in the Penalty of, for haring paid or caused to

be paid the Sum of due to C. D. of the Farifh

of for Wages for Work done for him the said A. B-

in the Trade or Occupation of, otherwise than as pro-

vided and directed by an Act passed in the Fifty eighth Year of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An AB to amend certain ABs passed tn the Fourth Tear of the Reign of King Edward the Fourth; Fird and Tenth Tears of the Reign of Queen Anne / the Firfit Twelfth and Thirteenth Tears of the Reign of King George the First; the Thirteenth9 Twenty second and Twenty ninth Tears of the Reign of King George the Second; and the Thirteenth and Fifty seventh Tears of the Reign of King George the Third; prohibiting the Payment of the Wages of the Workmen in certain Trades % otherwise than in the lawful Coin or Money of this Realm. Given under our Hands and Seals the Day and Year first above written.

S% G. 3.C.17#

continued.

CAP. LIL

An Act to continue, until the Twentieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty, an Act of the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Preservation of the Peace, by enforcing the Duties of Watching and Warding. [30th May 1818.]

< WHEREAS an Act was passed in the fifty second Year of ' VV His present Majesty** Reign, intituled An ABfor the more 4 efle&ual Prefervation of the Peace% by enforcing the Duties of Watch 4 tug and Warding9 until the First Day of March One thousand eight 4 hundred and fourteen, in Places where Dijturbances prevail 'or are 4 apprehended; which Act was afterwards renewed, and haa been 4 continued, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, until the 4 Fifteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eighteen; 4 and it is expedient that the same shall be further continued ; * Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act of the Fifty second Year of His said Majesty's Reign shall be and the same .is hereby further continued until the Twentieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

CAP.

A.D. 1818.

58# GEO. IIL

C. 53. 179

CAP. LIII.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to^nake further Provificm for His Royal ffighnefs the Duke of Kent, and to settle an Annuity on the Princess of Leiningen, in case (he shall survive his said Royal Highness. [30th May 1818.]

* Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty** most dutiful and loyal Subject, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament aflembkd, having taken into Confideratioa*the Mefiage of Hiif Royal Highness the Prince Regent, acting in*the Name and on the behalf of His Majesty, communicating that a*Treaty of-Marriage was in Negociation between His Royal High-' nefs the Duke of Kent and Her Serene Highness Mary Louisa*FiBorta, Widow of the late Prince of Leiningen and Sifter of the*Reigning Duke of Same Cokourg of Saalfeld and of his Royal 4 HignneU Leopold George Frederick Prince of Cokourg of Saalfeld,

4 do most hntnbly beseech Your Msiefty that it may be enaftedand Beit enacted by The King** Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the lame. That it shall and may be lawful to and for The King* An Annuity of Most Excellent Majesty, by any Letters Patent under the Great Seal dwin* of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to give and £^u th* grant unto His said Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, (or and DllkeofKe, "* during His Majesty** Royal Will and Pleasure, an Annuity or Yearly Sum of Six thousand Pound* of lawful Money of Great Britain, in such Proportions and in such manner and Form as His Majesty in His Wisdom shall think fit to direct and appoint the same; which Annuity shall commence and take effect from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, and shall be paid and payable Quarterly in equal Portions, at the Four most usual Days of Pay-meat in the Year, (that is to say, ) the Fifth Day of July, the Tenth payable Day of OBoker, the Fifth Day of January, and the Fifth Day of Quarterly. April in each and every Year; and also that it shall and may be a Annuity

lawful to and for The King*a Most Excellent Majesty, by Letters to the Duchefo Patent under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Bri» for Life if (he tain and Ireland, to give and grant unto Her laid Serene Highness the, Mary Louisa FiBoria Princess of Leiningen, when (he shall become OuartJriv l* Dochefs of Kent, or to such other Person or Persons as His Majesty v shall think fit to be named in such Letters Patent, and his or their Heirs, to the Use of or in Trust for Her said Serene Highness, an Annuity of Six thousand Pounds of like lawful Money, which shall have Commencement and take effe£k immediately from and after the Decease of His said Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, in case Her said Serene Highness shall survive him, and shall continue from thenceforth for and during the natural Life of Her said Serene Highness, and shall be paid and payable in eqnal Portions at the Four Days of Payment hereinbefore mentioned; the First Payment thereof to be made at such of the said Days of Payment at (foul first and next happen after theDeceafe of His laid Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, in case Her said Serene Highness dull survive him as aforesaid $ and The W An-that the said several Annuities shall and may in and by such Letters Patent be directed to be rtfpc&ivdy issuing nod payable out of and VMDd

N % chargeable *

58° GEO- III.

A.D.1818-

At the Receipt of the Exchequer, without Fee.

Annuities clear of Taxes.

?6 G. j. c.j7.

The Rates on Fire Hearths, Windows, &c. repealed, except Arsears^&c.

C. 53, 54.

chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, (after paying orreferving (ufficient to pay-all such Sums as have been directed to be paid out of the same by any Act or Acts of Parliament made previous to the time of passing this Act, ) but with preference to all other Payments which shall or may at any time or times after the passing of this Act be charged upon and payable out of the said Fund.

II. And be it further enacted. That the said several Annuities, as the same shall take effect, shall be paid and payable during the Continuance of the same respectively at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster; and the Auditor of the said Receipt shall and he is hereby required by virtue of such Letters Patent respectively to make forth and pass Debentures from time to time for paying the said several Annuities during the Continuance of the same respectively, and as the same shall become due and payable, without, any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the same, or any Part thereof; and the said Debentures to be made forth and passed as aforesaid shall be a sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer now and for the time being for the Payment of the said several Annuities, as the same shall take effect, according to the Directions of this Act, without any further ftr other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that behalf.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said several Annuities, and every Part thereof respectively, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Rates and Assessments, and all other Charges whatever, im* posed or to be imposed by Authority of Parliament or other wise.

CAP. LIV.

An Act to grant certain Rates, Duties and Taxes in Ireland, in respect of Fire Hearths, Windows, Male Servants, Horses, Carriages and Dogs, in lieu of former Rates, Duties and Taxes thereon; and to provide for the Payment thereof to the Collectors of Excise; and for the more effectual accounting for the same. [ill June 1818.]

4 TT7 HEREAS it is expedient to repeal the several Rates, Duties 4 VV and Taxes payable in Ireland in ifcfpeft of Fire Hearths, 4 Windows, Male Servants and other Male Persons, Carriages, Horses 4 and Dogs, granted by an Act of Parliament made in the Fifty sixth 4 Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled 4 An Act to grant 4 certain Rates, Duties and Taxes in Ireland in refpeS of Fire Hearths, 4 Windows, Male Servants, Horses, Carriages and Dogs, in lien of 4 former Rates, Duties and Taxes, and to provide for the more effectual 4 Collection of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, and to grant other 4 Rates, Duties and Taxes in lieu thereof, and to provide for the 4 regulating and securing the Collection of all such Rates, Duties 4 and Taxes; ' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, the several Rates, Duties and Taxes on Fire Hearths, Windows, Male Servants and other Male Persons, Carriages, Horses and Dogs, 13 granted

A.D.1818.

58<> GEO. III.

C. 54.

181

granted in and by the hereinbefore recited A (ft, and all Regulations and Directions contained in or made by the said Alt. shall cease and determine, and shall be and the* same are hereby repealed, except so far as the said Act repeals any former Act or Acts, and except also so far as the said recited Act relates to the charging, recovering, levying, paying, allowing, repaying or accounting for any Rates, Duties and Taxes or Arrears thereof, due or incurred on or previous to the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, save as hereinafter otherwise is provided for the Payment and Collection*of the same, and also except so far as may concern or relate to the prosecuting, suing for and recovering of any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture for any Offence again (I the said Act, or for any Offence again ft any Act or Acts relating to the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, which fhaTl have been or shall be committed on or before the said Fifth Day of January One thousand' eight hundred and eighteen, and except lo far as relates to any Suit of Proceeding which may havfc been commenced or instituted, or shall be commenced or instituted at any time after the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, and before the passing of this Act, for or in respect of, or relating to any foeh Rates, Duties and Taxes; and which said Suita or Proceedings*shall and may be proceeded on to Judgment and Execution to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Act had not been repealed and determined.

II. And be it further ehacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, there shall be levied, raised, collected, paid and satisfied unto His Majesty, His HeirS and Successors, upon and in respect of the several Fire Hearths or other Places for Firing or Stoves, Windows or Lights, Male Servants or other Male Perforis, Horses, Mares, Geldings, Carriages and Dogs specified, described and contained in the several'Schedules marked A., B., C., D; , E., F., G., H. and I. respectively to this Ad-annexed, the several Amounts, Sums of Money; Rates, Duties and Taxes as they are respectively described and set forth in the said respective Schedules; and that the said several Schedules, and all and every the Rules, Regulations, Exceptions, Exemptions and Abatements therein respectively specified and contained, (hail be deemed and taken to be a Part of this Act to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and the said Rates, Duties and Taxes shall be in lieu and instead and in full Satisfaction of all Rates, Duties and Taxes granted by any former Act or Acts of Parliament upon and in respect of the like Articles, matters and things, except such Rates, Duties and Taxes as have been imposed for certain local Purposes in Ireland by any Act or Acts of Parliament.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every Aftefbnent and Charge of the Rates, Duties and Taxes, in respect of Fire Hearths and other Firing Places or Stoves, and of Windows or Lights, Male Servants and other Male Persons, Horses, Mares, Geldings, Carriages and Dogs, or of any of them, which shall have been made, and also every Act or Acts which shall have been done or performed by any Officer or other Person appointed by or acting under the Orders or Directions of the Commissionera of Inland Excise. and Taxes in Ireland, * in relation to the same, at any time finoe the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eight&n* and before the passing of this Act*, pursuant to the Regulations and

N 3 Provisions

The Duties specified in Schedules anr nexed to be paid.

AflefTments and Proceedings thereon, since Jan. 5, 1818, to he valid.

Duties paid in British Currency, and carried to Con-foUdated Fund.

Officers may enter Houses to (certain the Number of Hearths and Windows.

If Admittance be not obtained. Officers to leave Notice of attending at a certain Day and Hour.

Refaflng' Admittance, after stich Notice, Penalty aoL

Pxwvtfo if no Person aj'pears to receive Notice.

C. 54. 58° GEO. III. A.D. 1818.

Provisions of the said Act hereinbefore recited and repealed, OnU be and the same ia and are hereby declared to be good, valid and e&e&ual to all Intent* and Purposes whatsoever.

IV. And be it further enacted. That all Rates, Duties and Taxes by this Act and the Several Schedules hereunto annexed, 'granted and made payable, shall be paid and payable and received and receivable in Briti/b Currency; and that all and every the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, the necefiarv Charges of raising and accounting for the Came being deducted, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers, or other Person who now it or are or hereafter (hail be appointed by or acting under the Orders and Directions of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland* for the charging, a (Telling, colleding or superintending the charging, afieffing or Collection of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, at any time in the Day time between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Forenoon and Sunset, to enter into any Houfer and into every Outhouse, Office and Edifice appertaining or belonging thereto* and into the several Apartments and Places therein, and to take Information, from his own View and Survey, of the Number of Fire Hearths and other Places for Firing and Stoves therein, and also of the Number of Windows or Lights therein; and fnch House, Office or Edifice shall be charged accordingly with the Rates, Duties and Taxes in respect of the Number of Fire Hearths and other Places for Firing or Stoves, and of Windows or Lights therein; and if any such Officer or Officers, or other Person authorised as aforesaid, shall not, on Demand of Entrance by knocking or otherwise, obtain Admittance into any such House, Outnouse, Office or Edifice, or after Admittance shall not be suffered to enter into all and every the Apartments and other Places therein respectively, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer, or other Person authorized as aforesaid, and he is required to leave a Notice at such House with any Person resident therein above the Age of Sixteen Years, Getting forth, that such Officer or other Person authorised as aforehud, wm attend at fuch-Houfe at a certain Day and Hour to be foecified in such Notice, such Hour to be within the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Forenoon and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, and requiring to be admitted into such House, Outhouse, Office or Edififee, and into every Apartment and Place therein respectively; and if such Officer or other Person authorised as aforesaid shall not at the time mentioned in such Notice obtain Admittance into such House, Outhouse, Office or Edifice, and into every Apartment arid Place therein into which, he shall require to be admitted, the Occupier of such House, or the Person deemed the Occupier within the Provisions of this Act, as the case may be, shall for each Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if no Person shall appear at such House, Outhouse, Office or Edifice, from whom such Officer or other Person as aforesaid can make Demand of Entrance, or on whom such Notice can be served, then such Officer or other Person is aforesaid shall and he is required to post such Notice as aforesaid on the Door of such House, Outhoule, Office or Edifice; and if such Officer or other Perfba as aforesaid shall not at the time mentioned is fuck Notice be admitted into such House, Outhouse, Office or Edifice, and into every Apartment end Place

therein,

58* GEO. III.

; i A.D. 1818.

C. 54. 18a

therein, then the Occupier or Perfbn deemed the Occupier thereof shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds. PenJty aol.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Occupier Admittance u>

J of every such House, or any Person who shall attend such Officer or any Apartment Kl other Person authorized as aforesaid upon stich Survey, may refuse to (except the

a permit such Officer or other Person to be admitted into any Room or J^.h.en or

w Apartment, except the same be a Kitchen or a Room in an Outhouse, ; S"f.

11 provided that such Occupier or Person who shall so attend shall Chjrge'for One

* consent that the Tax in respect of One Fire Hearth and of Three Hearth, and

Windows shall be charged for such Room or Apartment, and in 2?1?* w"ldoWi

* such case every such Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid J?

* shall accordingly charge such House with the Tax for One Fire ccuP*r*

Hearth and Three Windows for every such Room or Apartment*

and no more, unlefe it shall be ascertained by such Officer or other Si Person authorized as aforesaid, without entering into such Room or

* Apartment, that the same contains a greater Number of Fire Hearths*

£ Firing Places or Stoves than One, or a greater Number of Windows

ii or Lights than Three; and such Tax shall be paid. accordingly:

a Provided always, that if it Shall be ascertained by such Officer or other But when it can

b Person authorixed as aforesaid, without entering into such Room or be afeertamed

I Apartment, that the same does not contain any Fire Hearth or Firing without Entry,

i Place or Stove, or contains any left Number of Windows or Lights ChVg* .

S than Three, every such Officer or other Person authorized as afore- Number*

\i said shall not charge such House with the Tax for any Fire Hearth

1: or Firing Place or Stove for any such Room or Apartment, nor with

s any Tax for any greater Number of Windows than shall be adually

: contained in any such Room or Apartment, as the case may require..

t VII. Provided always, and be it enacted. That where any House Owner of r or any Part thereof is or shall be let in different Apartments to any House let in t Person or Persons, the Owner of such House so letting the same, or Apa«-

k for whose Benefit such Letting is made, shall be deemed the Occupier "^-c*cmc t thereof, and shall be charged with and be liable to pay the Rates,

* Duties and Taxes in respect of the Fire Hearths and Stoves or other,

r; Fire Places, and of the Windows or Lights in such House, with every

1 Outhouse, Office or Edifice appertaining thereto*.

1 VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Rates* Duties and: Rates may be

1 Taxes on Fire Hearths, Firing Places and Stoves, and on Windows levied on Goods

t or Lights, shall be charged on and payable by the Occupiers of of Occupier.

( such Houses respectively, or the Persons baring the Right to occupy

t the same refpe&ivehr, and shall and may be levied at any time by

1 Diftreft and Sale ot the Goods and Chattels of such Occupier or

1 Person having the Right aforesaid, during whose Occupancy or Right

1 thereto, such Rates, Duties or Taxes shall have been or shall be in-

I curred 3 and that any Amur of such Rates, Duties and Taxes, not

exceeding One Year's Amount, exclusive of the Rates, Duties and '

Taxes of the current Year in which a Distrest shall be made, and no more, shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of any fubfeouent Occupier of such Houses

IX. And be it further enacted. That the Rates, Duties and Taxes Rates to be in respect of Fire Hearths or other Fire Places and Stoves, and Win- chained for the do we or Lights, (had be charged Yearly and every Year for the whole ^hMambl Year, commencing on the Sixth Day of January, for such Number of Hearths and Fare Hearths, or other Fire Places and Stoves, and Windows or windows os Lights* as shall on the Sixth Day of January in any such Year be in fall be in the

£ any House on the

d

184

C. 54.

58» GEO. HI.

AJX' 1819.

6th January,

and all additional ones.

Evading Rate, by (lopping up Fire Places or Windows. Penalty iol.

What shall be deemed a (lopping up of Fire Place* or Windows.

Notice to be affixed on the Church Doors* Acc. of every Parish, requiring Persons to deliver an Account of the Carriages, Servants, and.Horses, 8tc. kept by them.

any House, or in any such Outhouse, Office or Edifice appertaining' or belonging thereto, and also for any and every additional Fire Hearth or other Place for Firing, or Stove, and Window or Light, which at any time after the Sixth Day of January, in any such Year shall be in or he made or opened in any such House, or in any such Outhouse, Office or Edifice; and if any Person at any time after the Fifth Day of January in any such Year, and in order to evade the Payment of the Duty with which the same are chargeable by Law, shall Hop up or in any manner cover or conceal any Hearth, Fire Place or Stove, or any Window or Light, chargeable with the said Rate, Duty or Tax* every such Person shall forfeit and pay* Ten Pounds, and shall he charged and assessed for the like Duty or Tax as if such Hearth or Window had not been Hopped: Provided always, that the Hopping up, covering or concealing any Hearth, Fire Place or Stove, or any Window or Light, shall in every Case be deemed to have taken place after such Sixth Day of January, unleb the contrary shall he proved by the Party who shall he sued for such Penalty and Forfeiture.

X. And be it further enacted. That no Hearth, Fire Place, Stove, Window or Light shall he deemed to be Hopped up, so as to be discharged from the Rates and Duties payable on the same from and after the Fifth Day of January next ensuing the time of such Hopping up, unless such Hearth, Fire Place or Stove he built up with Stones or Bricks and Mortar made with Lime, so as thereby to he wholly unfit for Use, or such Window or Light be wholly Hopped up with the like Materials as the Wall or Roof adjoining thereto respectively is composed of.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for every such Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid, and such Officer or other Person so authorized shall and is hereby required, once in every Year, or oftener if necessary, between the Fifth Day of January and the Fifth Day of July in every Year, to affix or cause to be affixed to the Doors of the Church or Chapel, or Market House, or Public School House (if any such there shall be) of every Parish or Place within the respective Walks or Divisions of such Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid, or in such of the Parishes or Places as shall be prescribed and directed by the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Three of them, and if any Parish or Place shall not have a Church or Chapel, Market House or Public School House, then on the Doors of the Church or Chapel or Market House of the neareH or adjoining Parish, a general Notice* signed by such Officer or other Person in Tuch Form as shall have been or shall be directed by the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, requiring that every Person redding in the said Pariffi or Place liable to the said Rates, Duties or Taxes, or any of them, shall make out and deliver an Account of every Hearth, Firing Place or Stove, and Windows or Lights, Carriage, Servant or other Male Person, Horse, Mare or Gelding, and Dog, had, kept, used, retained or employed by such Person at any time after the Fifth Day of January next preceding the Date of such Notice, directed to or for the said Officer, or to or for the said Person authorized as aforesaid, at same House or Place to be specified in such Notice, within. Twenty one Days next after the Date of such Notice; and such general Notice shall from time to time when the same shall be affixed be deemed a

Requisition

A. D. 1818.

58° GEO. III

C. 54.

185

c Rcauifition or Demand upon every Person within such Parish or Place to deliver such Account within the said Space of Twenty one Days accordingly; and if any Person in such Parish or Place shall neglect or refuse to make out and deliver such Account at the House or Place mentioned in such Notice, directed in manner ^aforesaid, within the said Space of Twenty one Days, or shall make or deliver any undue or false Account, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of T wenty Pounds; and every Person shall be liable' to such Penalty for not complying with such general Notice, whether any particular Notice requiring any such Account shall have beeir delivered or left to or for such Person or not; and any Person who shall wilfully tear, deface or obliterate any such' Notice so affixed, shall forfeit for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, ' nor less than Five Pounds, at the Discretion of the Court or Justice before whom such Person shall be convicted of such Offence.

XII. Provided always, and be it further ena£ted, That whether such general Notice shall be given and affixed or not as aforesaid, such Officer or Person authorized as aforesaid shall give to every Person in his Walk, Division or District, liable or supposed to be liable to the Rates, Duties and Taxes on Hearths, Fire Places or Stoves, Windows or Lights, or any Carriage, Male Servant or other Male Person, Horse, Mare, Gelding and Dog, or any of them, and shall leave or cause to be left at the last or usual Place of Abode of such Person a particular Notice, requiring such PerfoiMo deliver such Account, and such Person shall and is hereby required to deliver the same within ^Ten Days next after such Notice shall be given or left as aforesaid; and if any Person shall make Default in delivering such Account within such Ten Days, or shall make or deliver any undue or false Account, every such Person for every such Offence* shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and every such Perfom shall be liable to the said Penalties for not complying with such Notice, * whether any such general Notice as aforesaid shall have been given or affixed as aforesaid or not: Provided always, that any Person. who shall deliver such Account as shall be required by such general Notice shall not be bound to deliver such Account as shall be required by any particular Notice, nor shall be subject to any Penalty for not complying with the same; and any Person who shall deliver any such Account as shall be required by any particular Notice shall not be. bound to deliver such Account as shall be required by any general Notice, nor shall be subject to any Penalty for not complying with any general Notice.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person in Ireland occupying or having the Right to occupy any House in which, with any Outhouse, Office or Edifice appertaining or belonging thereto/ there shall be at any time after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, or after the Fifth Day of January in any subsequent Year, Four or more Hearths or Places for Firing or Stoves, or Seven or more Windows or Lights, and that every Person in Ireland having, keeping, using, retaining or employing, or having had, kept, used, retained or emploved, after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, or after the Fifth Day of January in any fubfeqpent Year, any Carriage with Four Wheels, or any Carriage with less than Four Wheels, of any Male Servant or other Male rerfon, or any Horse, Mare or Gelding, *

or

Neglefling to deliver such Account.

Penalty lot.

Defacing Notice Penalty ac 1.

Notice to be'**"

left at Dwelling'Houses, whether general Notice is affixed or not.

Default in not giving Account, or giving false Account. Penalty aol.

Proviso for Per-fona delivering Accounts on general and particular Notices.

Persons keeping Houses with Four or more Healths and Seven or more Windows, and' also Carriages, Servants, Horses and Dogs, to deliver an Account thereof, when required.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

What Partial-Ixrt such Ac. count is to con* tain in the fever*! cases herein specified.

or any Dog, upon or in respect of whom or which any Rato, Duty or Tax is or may be chargeable by Law, shall from time to time, upon Demand made by the proper Officer or any other Person an* thorized thereto, or within Ten Days next after a Notice shall be served or left at the usual Place or Residence of such Person re* fpe&ively, deliver to such Officer or Person so authorized, or at such Place as shall be mentioned in such Notice, a true Account m Writing, under his or her Hand, of every Hearth or Place for Firing or Stove, or Window or Light, in any such House, Outhouse, Office or Edifice, and of every such Carriage, and of every such Male Servaqt or other Male Person, and of every such Horde, Mare and Gelding, and of every fnch Dog, which any such Person shall or may have had, kept, used, retained or emploved, or shall or may have, keep, use, retain or employ, at any time after the said Fifth Day of January One thoufan4 eight hundred and eighteen, or at any rime after the Fifth Day of January in any fubfeqoent Tear; and which said Account shall contain the Name and Surname of such Person, the Name of his or her Residence or Place of Abode at the time of delivering such Account, and of the Place, Parish, Barony, City, Town and County, as the Case may be, in which such Residence is situate, and the mated Number of Fire Hearths or Places for Firing or Stoves, and of Windows or Lights respectively, which were in hit or her House, with every such Outhouse, Office or Edifice appertaining or belonging thereto, on the Sixth Day of January then next preceding the Delivery of such Account, or between toe said Day and the time of delivering the said Account, and shall set forth the whole Number of Carriages, Male Servants or other Male Persons, Horses, Mares, Geldings and Dogs, kept or used, retained or employed by such Person at his or her said Residence, or at any other Place Or Places in Ireland\ in order that such Person may be charged for the same according to the Rate chargeable on the greatest Number kept or used, retained or employed in the whole, and shall also, if such Person shall so keep, ufe', retain or employ any Carriage, Male Servant or other Male Person, Horse, Mare or Gelding or Dog, in more Places than One in Ireland as aforesaid, set forth in what Place such Person desires to be so charged, and the Excise District in which such Person intends to par for the same*and every Account by this Act required shall set forth the Description of every such Carriage and the Name and Surname of every such Servant or other Male Person, and the Capacity in which such Servant or other Male Person was, is or shall be or shall have been retained or emploved, and the Kind and Description of every such Dog, and the Ufn and Purposes for which every such Horle, Mare or Gelding was or is or mall be kept or used $ and such Account shall also specify the Places, and the Parish, Barony, County, Town or City in which such Places shall be situate, where each such Carriage, Male Servant or other Male Person, Horle, Mare, Gelding or Dog, shall be a£ the time of the Delivery of such Account; and from time to time, as often as any Person shall begin to keep or have any Carriage, or to retain or to employ any Maw Servant or other Male Person, or to keep or use any Horse, Mare or Gelding or Dog, and also from time to time as often at any additional Hearu, Fire Place, Stove or Window or Light, shall be made or opened or restored, and also from time to time as often as any Person shall keep or have any additional

Carriage,

58- GEO. IU

C. 54,

187

Carnage, or shall retain or employ any additional Servant or other Male Person, or shall keep or ufc any additional Horse, Mare car Gelding of any additional Dog, beyond the Number of the same respectively expressed in any such respective Account so delivered by such Person, then and in every such Case every such Person respectively, whether any Demand (nail have been made or any Notice (erved on such Person or not, shall within Fourteen Days neat after such additional Hearth, Fire Place or Stove or Window or Light,

shall be made or opened or restored, or such Carriage or additional Carriage shall be kept or come into the Possession of such Person, or after any Male Servant or other Male Person, or additional Male Servant or other Male Person, shall be retained or emploved, or any Horse, Mare dr Gelding or Dog, or additional Horse, Mare or Gelding or Dog, shall be kept or used by such Person, deliver at the Excise Office of the District a like Account of every such Hearth,

Fire Place and Stove, and Window or Light, and of every such Carriage, Servant or other Male Person, Horse, Mare or Gelding or Dog, and of every such additional Carriage, Male Servant or other Male Person, Hone, Mare or Gelding or Dog, as the Case may be.

XIV. And be it further raided, That it any such Person shall Neglcdins, fcr. aegkd or refafe to deliver, within.the respective times and in manner *° deliver furh required by this Act, any such Account as is by this Act before £eHv«ri** required, or shall make or deliver any folds Account .of the Matters Account, and things required by this Act or any of them; or if at any time *c.

any such Person shall have or keep any greater Number of Hearths,

Fire Places or Stoves or Windows or Lights, or shall have or keep, retain or employ or ude any greater Number of Carriages or Servants or other Male Persons, or Hordes, Mares or Geldings orgDogs, being respectively liable to Duty, than (kail be expreffed*and mentioned in any Account delivered by or on behalf of fora Person, or shall keep, retain, employ or use any Carriage, Servant, Male Person, Horn*

Mare or Gelding or Dog, respectively liable to Duty, not expreffed

or mentioned in inch Account, every such Person shall for every such Psnsky soI

Ofience forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if at any time any What shall bo

greater Number of Hearths, Fire Places or Stoves or Windows or Evkkncoof

Lights shall be discovered in any House or in any Outhouse, Office ***** Account.

or Edifice, appertaining or belonging thereto, than the Numbers

respectively expressed in such Account, such Discovery shall be taken

and received as fofficirat Proof of a folds Account, unless due Proof

be made by such Person that the Hearth, Fire Place or Stove, Wim.

dow or Light, or Hearths, Fire Places or Stoves or Windows or

Lights, so exceeding, had been made or opened within Fourteen Days

next previous to such Discovery; and if any Periba shall neglect or

refofe to set forth any of such Particulars as is hereby required in such

Account, such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of

Twenty Pounds. Peosky sol

XV. And be it further enacted. That every Person required to Grow* ergs-make or deliver any Account under the Provisions of this Act, and ^l****"? churning to be within any of the Exemptions allowed by Law from

any of the fold Rates, Duties and Taxes, or claiming to be entitled anDCXCd to to any Abatement of the same, hall make a due Return of such Account. Claim, and declare the Caufo or Grounds of such Exemption or Abatement, and such Declaration shall be Specified in or annexed to the Account to be by such Person delivered | rad if any Difoete or Om» Proton*

Difference mPwfen

C. 54.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

188

chiming Ex-enpcion.

leribnsonwhom Notice served, keeping no Carriages, &c. to Hgn a Declaration that they co not.

Penalty aol.

'n case of Absence of Persona iable, their Agents or Servants may make uid deliver Accounts.

Such Account being false binding on the Principal.

Owners of Houses to give In Account of

Difference shall in any Instance arise, whether the Person be entitled to such Exemption or Abatement the Proof thereof, and of the Circumstances of such Exemption or Abatement, shall lie on the Person claiming such Exemption or Abatement, and not on the Officer charging or assessing such Rates and Taxes.

XVI. Provided always, and be it eqacted, That if any Person upon whom any such Notice shall be served to return any Account of Carriages, Male Servants or other Male Persons, Horsea, Mares, Geldings and Dogs, or any of them, shall not, on the Sixth Day of January preceding the serving of such Notice, have had, kept, retained, used or employed any Carriage or any Male Servant or other Male Person, or any Horse, Mare or Gelding or any Do*?, or shall not between that Day and the time of the Service of such Notice have had, kept, retained, used or employed any Carriage or any Male Servant or other Male Person, or any Horse, Mare or Gelding or any Dog, every such Person shall uevertheless make and deliver at such Place as shall be mentioned in such Notice, a Declaration in Writing subscribed by - such Person, setting forth that such Person had not on the Sixth Day of January preceding the Service of such Notice, nor at any time between the said Day and the time of the Service of such Notice, had, kept, * retained, used or employed any Carriage or any Male Servant or other Male Person, or any Horse, Mare .or Gelding or any Dog; and if any such Person shall neglect or omit to make and deliver such Declaration within Ten Days next after the Service of such Notice, every such Person shall for every such Neglect or Omission forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person occupying or owning any House subje&to any Rate, Duty or Tax, in respect of Fire Hearths, Fire Places or Stoves or Windows or Lights, or having, keeping, using, retaining or employing any Carnage, or any Male Servant or other Male Person, or any Horse, Mare, Gelding, or any Dog, upon or in refpe6t of which any Rate, Duty or Tax is or may be payable as aforesaid, shall be absent from the Place of his or her Abode at the time of the Service or affixing of such Notice requiring such Account as aforesaid, then an Account of the Fire Hearths and Windows in any House belonging to such Person, and of any and every Carriage or Male Servant or other Male Person, or Horse, Mare, . or Gelding or Dog, had, kept, used, retained or employed by such Person, made out and subscribed by the Agent, Steward, Housekeeper or Servant of fnch Person so absent, and delivered as aforesaid, shall be to all Intents and Purposes of the same Effect as if such Account were made out and subscribed and delivered by the Person owning or occupying such House, or having, keeping, using, . retaining or employing any such Carriage, Male Servant or other Male Penon, Horse, Mare, Gelding or Dog refpetf-ively, as the case may be; and in case such Account shall be a false Account, the same shall subje&fuch Occupier, Owner or Person having, keeping, using, retaining or employing such Carriage, Male Servant or other Male Person, Horse, Mare, Gelding or Dog refpcd-ivcly, to the like Payments and Penalties as if the same had been made and subscribed by any such Person respectively.

XVIII. And Whereas Difficulties may arise in discovering Lodgers or Inmates liable to pay the said Rates, Duties and Taxes iiL mpe& of Carriages, Male Servants and other Male Persona,

Horses,

A.D. 1818.

58" GEO. III.

C. 54.

189

tl

i Hdrfes, Mares, Geldings and Dogs; Be it therefore enacted, That the Carriages,

?: every Person in whose House any Lodger or Inmate shall reside, &c. kept by shall deliver to any such Officer or other Person authorized as afore- dodgers, said, on Demand, or within Ten Days after Notice in Writing shall be for that Purpose served or left at the House of such Person, a true , j Account in Writing under the Hand of such Person, expressing the Name and Surname of every such Lodger or Inmate, with an Account

of every Carriage, Male Servant or other Male Person, Horse, Mare,

L Gelding or Dog, kept, retained, employed or used by such Lodger

* or Inmate, to the bed of the Knowledge and Information of such

Person; and for the Purpose of making out such Account, every such Notice to be Person shall cause the Contents of the Notice left at such House to made known to* r be read over and made known to each and every such Lodger or Lodgers.

U Inmate, and shall require every such Lodger or Inmate respectively to declare whether such Lodger or Inmate had kept, retained, em-; ployed or used, on the Sixth Day of January preceding such Notice,

. or at any time after the said Sixth Day of Januaryy any Carriage,

| Male Servant or other Male Person, Horse, Mare, Gelding or Dog,

; and the Number and Kind or Description of the same respectively,

^ and whether such Lodger or Inmate hath another Place of ordinary k Residence where' he or she intends to be charged; and every such Who on being Lodger or Inmate, being thereunto required, shall be obliged to make required on to such Declaration, and to attest the Lift or Account thereof by his or ake^her Signature; and if any such Person, in whose House such Lodger **n

or Inmate shall reside, shall neglect or refuse to require such De-*claration from such Lodger or Inmate, or to deliver such Account

a & aforesaid in consequence of such Declaration, or shall wilfully omit

* or misrepresent any Declaration made by such Lodger or Inmate, or

* shall make or deliver any untrue Account thereof, or if any such Lodger or Inmate shall neglect or refuse to make such Declaration,

; or to attest the said Account, or shall make any untrue Declaration or* attest any untrue Account, every such Person and every such Lodger or Inmate shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Penalty sol.

\ Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no such Officer or other Officers not

* Person authorized as aforesaid, shall be bound by any Account which , mund by iny 5 shall be delivered to them respectively, by or on behalf of any Person Acco?"V!*!1* liable to any Duties granted by this Act; but such Officer or other proves^deftaive. Person shall be and is hereby authorized and required, if he shall V find upon due Examination that any Person, Description, Article, matter or thing, which ought to be contained in such Account, is or are omitted or untruly dated therein, to make a true Assessment upon every such Person, according to the Intent and meaning of this Act, of the-real Charge which ought to be irapofed on such Person.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall neglect How Officers or refuse to make out, (ign and deliver any such Account as is in this ^lS-intk# Act directed, within the respective times in this Act mentioned, then where^ccounts .the Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid shall, according are negle$e<l to to the Assessment (if any) made on such Person for the Year next be delivered, immediately preceding, or from the bed Information he can obtain,

make an Assessment or Charge upon such Person of the said Rates and Taxes, for ^nd in refpf ft of the Hearths, Fire-Places or Stove9,

Windows or Lights, in the House of such Person, with every such

Outhouse,

C« 54#

58 GEO. UL

A. 1X1818.

After flopping up Hearths, &c. Notice to be given at the Eacife Office, within 20 Days.

The like on cetfing to keep any Servant, Carriage, Horse 5rc.

Outhouse, Office or Edifice appertaining or belonging thereto as aforesaid, and for and in respect of every Male Servant or other Male Person, Carriage, Horse, Mare, Gelding or Dog, kept, used, retained or employed by him or her as aforesaid, as the case may be; and every such A fie Ament and Charge so made upon any such Neglect or Refulal shall be final and conelufive, unless appealed from as hereinafter provided.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Person fliafi, at any time after the Expiration of One Calendar Month next after the passing of this Act, ilop up any Hearth, Firing Place, or Stove or Window or Light, in respect of which such Person shall be charged or chargeable with any Rate, Duty or Tax, every such Perfee shall, within Twenty Days next after any such Hearth, Firing Place, or Stove or Window or. Light, shall be flopped up, deliver orcaafe to be delivered at the Excise Office of the District in which fuck Person shall reside, or to any Officer who shall be employed ta charging or aflefling the said Rates, Duties or Taxes withia the Difkridt in which such Person shall reside, a Notice in Writing, signed with the Name of such Person, of the flopping of the same, Rating the time of the (lopping thereof, and aeferibing the Place, whether Dwelling House, Outhouse, Office or other Edifice in which such Hearth, Firing Place or Stove, or Window or Light had been fitn-ated; and every Person who, at any time after the Expiration of One Calendar Month next after the passing of this Act, shall ceafie to retain or employ, have, keep or use, any Male Servant or other'Male Person, or any Carriage, Horse, Mare, Gelding or Dog, for or in refpcdl of whom or of which any Rate, Duty or Tax is or shall be charged or chargeable on such Person, and shall not retaio or employ, have, keep or use any other Male Servant or other Male Person, or any other Carriage, or any other Horse, Mare or Gelding, or any other Dog, liable to Duty in the Place or Stead of such Male Servant or other Male Person, Carriage, Horse, Mare, Gelding or Dog, which such Person shall have so ceased to retain, employ, have, keep or use, every such Person shall, within Twenty Days next after he or she shall cease to retain or employ, have, keep or use, such Male Servant or other Male Person, Carriage, Horn, Mare, Gelding or Dog, deliver or cause to be delivered a like Notioe thereof in Writing at the Excise Office of the District in which such Person shall reside, or to such Officer who shall be employed as aforesaid, describing in every such Notice every such Male Servant or other Male Person by his proper Name, and the Capacity in which such Male Servant or other Male Person shall have been retained or emploved, and the time when such Male Servant or other Male Perfoa had ceased to be so retained or emploved, and also describing every such Carriage by its usual Name and Description, difiinguifhmg the Number of Bodies used with each such Carriage, and of the Wheels belonging to each such Carriage, and if left than Four Wheels, the Number of Horses used in drawing the ftme, and also describing the Uses and Purposes for which every such Horse, Mare or Gelding shall have been kept or used, and setting forth the Kind or Defcriptiou of every such Dog; and every such Notice shall also let forth the Name, Addition and Place of Abode of the Person to whom such Carriage, Horse, Mire, Gelding or Dog shall be parted with, fold

or

I A.D.1818.

58° GEO. III.

C. 54.

191

h

-2

n

[:

a

c

K

t

C

ic

a

5

«

i

kl

r

c

6

4

c

1

4

1

<

*

I

i

\

f

<

f

i

?

i

or disposed of, and the Dar of the Month and Year when the f«"*» were respectively parted with, fold or disposed of.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in every case where any Person shall in the|Year beginning the Sixth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, or in any subsequent Year beginning on the Sixth Day of January, omit or neglect to deliver or cause to be delivered any Account which such Person is by this Act required to deliver, of Hearths, Firing Places and Stoves, wm-dows or Lights, and of Male Servants or otner Male Personi, Horses, Mares, Geldings or Dors, had, kept, used, retained or employed by such Person, and shall also have neglected to deliver or cause to be delivered, pursuant to this Act, any Notice of the flopping up of any Hearth, Firing Place or Stove, or Window or Lignt, or of the ceafxng to retain or employ, have, keep or use, any Male Servant or other Male Person, or any Carriage, Horse, Mare or Gelding or Dog, then and in such case every such Person shall be deemed to continue to have, keep, use, retain or employ, after the Fifth Day of January in any such Year, a Number of Fire Hearths, Firing Places and Stoves, Windows and Lights, Male Servants or other Male Persons, Carriages, Horses, Mares, Geldings or Dogs, as the case may be, at lead equal to the Number of the same respectively charged- or assessed again ft such Person for the Year in which the lad previous Assessment nad been made againd such Person; and every such Person so making Default shall be chargeable and charged at the lead with such Sum as the Rates, Duties and Taxes payame for the Year in which such Account and Notice shall not have been delivered would have amounted unto in..refpe£l of the Number of Fire Hearths, Firing Places or Stoves, Windows or Lights, Carriages, Male Servants or other Male Persons, Horses, Mares, Geldings and Dogs respectively appearing to have been charged as aforesaid for the Year in which such lad Assessment shall have been made againd such Person, and every such Person shall be liable to and shall pay the same, and it (hau and may be lawful to colle£l, levy and recover the same in the like manner and with the like Powers, Authorities, Remedies and Modes of Recovery thereof, as ace provided by this Act for the collecting, levying and recovering any Rate, Duty or Tax under this Act.

XXIII. And be it further ena6led. That every Officer or Person authorized as aforesaid, who shall charge or assess the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, shall, and such Officer or Person is hereby required, upon making any Assessment, or as soon after as conveniently can be done, to give or cause to be given to every Person who shall be so aflffled, or leave or cause to be left at his or her lad or usual Place of Abode, in the DidriA where such Assessment shall be made, a Notice of the Assessment made againd such Person, and of the Amount for which he or she shall have been charged by virtue thereof; and every such Notice shall also set forth the time when, and Place where the Rates, Duties and Taxes so assessed againd such Person shall be paid and received, and shall require such Person to pay the same at fuen time and Place accordingly; and every such Notice shall be deemed and taken to be a sufficient Demand on such Person for Payment of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, unless an Appeal againd the Assessment of the same shall be made within the rime and in the manner prescribed by this Act: Provided always nevertheless.

Where Persons omit to deliver such Accounts, or to pvt Notice of (lopping up, or ceafingto retain, they (hail be charged for the Year in which the previous Assessment had been made, Jtc.

Officers to give Notice of AffefT* ments, setting forth the time and Place of Payment.

Such Notice a sufficient Demand of Rates unless Appeal.

Place of Payment not to be

C. 54.

58° GEO. III

A.D. 1818.

more than Ten Miles.

Regulations for Payment within Five Miles where pra&ic-able.

If exceeding a greater Distance, Rates shall be collected at the Dwelling House.

If Payment then made, no liability to is. in the Pound or Expences.

In Default of

Payment,

Distress.

Officers may surcharge ou Notice.

that no Person shall be compelled or compellable to travel for the making of such Payment of the said Rates and Taxes or any of them, any further or greater Distance than Ten Miles from the Place of hit or her Residence or usual Place of Abode.

XXIV. Provided always and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes and they are hereby required, to make such Rules and Regulations with respect to the Appointment of any Place for the Receipt of such Rates, Duties and Taxes, that no Person shall have Occasion to travel more than Five Miles from their Place of Abode, in all cases where it is practicable so to do.

XXV. Provided also, and he it further enacted, That in case it shall happen in any lnftance that no Place within the Distance of Ten Miles or Five Miles of the Residence of any Person or Persons liable to the Payment of any of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes shall be appointed, at which the said Rates, Duties and Taxes shall he made payable by such Person or Persons pursuant to the Directions of this Act, then and in fuck Case it shall be lawful for the Collector or Officer in charge of the Collection of the DiftriCt, or for any Person appointed by such Collector or Officer respectively, at any time after any such Rates, Duties and Taxes shall be afiefted upon any such Person or Persons, to demand the Payment of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, or any Instalment thereof, at the Dwelling House of any such Person or Persons liable to the Payment thereof j and if such Person or Persons shall thereupon pay all such Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, or such Instalment thereof as shall be so demanded of him, her or them, such Person or Persons shall not he liable to the Payment of the Sum of One Shilling in the Pound on the Amount of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, nor shall be liable to any other Expences whatever relating to the same; but in case of Refusal or Default in Payment of such Rates, Duties and Taxes upon such Demand, it shall and may be lawful for the said ColleClor or Officer in charge of the DiftriCt, or for any Person authorized by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Collector or other Officer, to levy all such Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, or any Instalment thereof, as shall be so demanded, together with all Expences of levying the same by Distress and Sale of any Goods or Chattels liable to such Distress, in like manner in all refpeCts as is by this Act directed in case of Default of Payment at any Place or Places to be appointed for that Purpose.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it[(halland maybe lawful for every Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid, to surcharge any Person with the Rates, Duties and Taxes by this Act granted, or any of them, beyond the Rates, Duties and Taxes or any of them, with which such Person shall have been previoully charged; and such Officer or other Person shall give or cause to be given to the Party surcharged a Notice of such Surcharge, by leaving or causing such Notice to he left at the usual Place of Abode of such Party in the DiftriCt where such Surcharge shall he made; such Notice to be signed by such Officer or other Person who shall have made such Surcharge, and to contain the Particulars of such Surcharge, and the Amount thereof; and every such Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid is hereby empowered to make any such Surcharge, at any time during the Year, for the whole of such Year.

XXVII. And

A.D. Isis.

58° GEO. III.

C. 54.

193

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think himself or herself overrated or overcharged by any Assessment or by any Surcharge which shall be made again ft such Person of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes or any of them, it shall and may be lawful for such Persons respectively, within Ten Days next after Notice of such Assessment or Surcharge (as the Case may be} shall be delivered to such Person, or left at his or her usual Place of Abode, to make his or her Appeal to the Commidioners of Inland Exci(e and Taxes in Ireland\ by tearing or causing to be left, within the time aforesaid, at the Office of the Collector of the Di drift in which such Person shall be aflefTed or surcharged, a Notice in Writing under his or her Hand, setting forth the Particulars in which the Party appearing thinks himfel? or herself overrated or overcharged by such Aflefl-ment or Surcharge, and also the Grounds of his or her Objection to the same; and every such Collector, or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of such District, is hereby required to indorte 6n every such Notice of Appeal the Day of the Month and Year when the lame shall be received at the Excite Office, and shall also make or cause to be made an Entry in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, of all such Notices; and such Collector or other Officer aforesaid shall without Delay transmit all such Notices to the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland; and every Assessment or Surcharge against which no such Appeal shall be made within the time aforesaid, shall be and the same is- hereby respectively declared to be .final and conciufive agaiuft the Party so aflefTed or surcharged, unless such Person shall make due Proof on Oath, or if a Quaker an Affirmation, in Substance or to the Efteft following; that he or she was not at his or her Dwelling House or Place of Abode at the time of the Delivery of such Notice of such Assessment or Surcharge as the Case may be, nor between that Day and the time limited for making his or her Appeal, and that he or me hath not received or had any Knowledge of any such Notice of such Assessment or Surcharge, or that he or she was disabled by Sickness from making his or her Appeal, or that the Non Delivery of his or her Notice of Appeal was occasioned by some Mistake or Accident, which shall be Specified and set forth, without any Intention to defraud the - Revenue; and that the Account delivered by him or her is a full, perfect and complete Account of all Matters and things required of him or her by this Act, to the best of his or her Judgment and belief; or unless such Person shall prove such other Excuse for not haying delivered such Notice of Appeal within, the time herein limited, as the said Commissioners or any Three of them shall think reasonable and fuffi-cieot; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful for the said Commit fxouers or any Three of them to enlarge the time for receiving such Appeal. :

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That upon any Appeal which shall be made pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes shall and they are hereby authorized and required to inquire into the Matter of such Appeal by ordering the same to be investigated by and before any One of such Commissioners, or by and before such Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, as the said Commissioners or any Three of them Shall for that Purpote appoint; and such Commissioner, Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, are hereby respectively author 58 Geo. III. O rized

A

Appeal may be made to the Commissioners, by giving Notice to the Collector.

Collector to in-dorfe Notice.

Assessment final, if Appeal be not made within a limited time, unless Oath be made to certain Particulars;

or unless Proof of Excuse for not delivering Notice of Appeal be made.

Matter of Ap? peal to be investigated by Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes.

C. 54.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Commiflicneri to make Order therein.

Provii'o for Surcharge remaining if it appear that Appellant had not delivered to Officer a true Account on Oath.

Erron in the Charge or Payment of Duty may be re£tified by Com mi f-fiituprs of Excise, &c. if Appli-

rized and required to hear such Appeal, and to examine upon Oath or Affirmation, as the Case may be, as well the Party so appealing as the Officer or other Person who shall have made such A fie Ament or Surcharge, and also all such Witnesses as shall be produced by either of the said Parties; and thereupon, or upon other due Proof, to report to the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, whether such Commissioner, Officer or Officers, or other Person or Ferfons so making such Inquiry, is or are of Opinion that the Party appealing ought to be relieved or not; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or any Three of them to make such Order m the Matter as shall appear to them to be just and reasonable; and every such affeAment or Surcharge, or so much thereof at shall be confirmed by the said Commissioners or any Three of them, shall stand good, and remain Part of the annual Charge and Assessment against the Party so appealing, who shall forthwith pay the Amount so confirmed; and if, upon the Investigation of such Appeal, it shall appear that the Person so appealing is or ought to be further charged to any Amount beyond the Amount contained in such AfTeffment or Surcharge, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or any Three of them, to order and direct that such Person shall be further charged or surcharged with and in respect of the Matter or thing, or to the Amount of the Sum omitted, and the Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid shall charge the same against such Person, who shall pay the Amount within One Calendar Month next after such further Charge or Surcharge, as the Case may be, shall be made; and if any such Person shall make Default in Payment of the Sum, the AiTeff-ment or Surcharge whereof shall be confirmed on Appeal as aforesaid as above directed, or in Payment of any such further Charge or Surcharge respectively within the time last aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to collect, levy, and recover the same in the like manner in every respect, and with the like Remedies, Powers and Authorities and Penalties, to all Intents and Purposes, as the Rates, Duties and Taxes mentioned in this Act, or any of them, may be collected, levied or recovered under the Provisions of this Act: Provided always, that the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes shall not upon any such appeal make any Abatement or Defalcation in the Charge made upon any Person by Assessment or by Surcharge, but the Charge or Surcharge shall stand good, and remain Part of the annual Aieflment, unless it shall, upon the Hearing of such Appeal, appear that the Appellant had prerioufly delivered to some Officer, or Person duly authorized according to the Directions of this Act, a true, perfect and complete Lift, Account, Declaration or Return of all Matters and things required by this Act, or shall produce before the said Commissioner or Officer, who shall investigate the said Appeal, a true, perfect and complete Lift, Account, Declaration or Return of all such Matters and things, verified upon the Oath or Affirmation of the said Appellant, before the Commissioner or Officer who shall investigate the said Appeal.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Error shall be discovered in consequence of any Duty or greater Amount of Duty having been paid by any Person thain ought to have been paid, it shall and may be lawful for such Person, within Twelve Calendar Months after the time when such Rates, Duties or Taxes had been or shall have been paid, and not afterwards, to make his or her Complaint

A.D. 1818.

58* GEO. III.

C. 54.

195

plaint before the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, cst'on be made who are hereby authorized and required to examine into the Matter jjthin la of such Complaint; and, upon Proof being made to their Satisfac- a* tion, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners or any Three of them to order the same to be repaid out of any of the Revenues under their Management in their Hands at the time when such Repayment shall be ordered as aforesaid.

XXX. And be it further enacted. That the several Rates, Duties Rates to be af-and Taxes hereby granted shall be a(Te(Ted, charged and levied for felfcdforthe the whole Year commencing the Sixth Day of January in each "^ole YJar» Year, and ending on the Fifth Day of January then next following, J" infta^menti' and shall be payable and paid on Demand at any time after the same & j, one Pay-shall be assessed and charged: Provided always, that the fafd several ment.

Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, (hail and may be payable and receivable either at one entire Payment, or by such Instalments as the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and T^xes, or any Three of them, shall for that Purpose from time to time direct and appoint in any DiftriCU or Places to be named by such Commissioners, and fubie& in all Cases to such Orders, Rules, Regulations and Directions with respect thereto, and to the receiving, levying and collecting of the same, as the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, shall from time to time think fit to make and appoint.

* XXXI. And Whereas it is expedient, for the Security of the 4 Revenue, * to provide for the better Collection and Receipt of the 4 Rates, Duties and Taxes by this Act granted, by employing in the 4 collecting, levying and recovering of the said Rates, Duties and 4 Taxes, the several Collectors of Excise, and other Officer or Officers 4 who shall and may from time to time be in Charge of the Col-* leCtion of any Duties of Excise in any Excise DiftriCt in Ireland s*

Be it therefore eftaCted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Rates to be the several Collectors of Excise, and to and for such other Officer levied by the or Officers who shall be in Charge of any Collection as aforesaid, Collett or of and every such Collector and other Officer or Officers is and are hereby *CI e* respectively authorized and empowered, to colleCt, receive, levy and recover the several Rates, Duties and Taxes granted and made payable by this Act, and the several Schedules thereto annexed, or any of them; and that every Person chargeable with and liable to pay the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, or any Instalment thereof, shall on Demand made, by such Notice as is by this Act directed to be giveh, requiring Payment thereof, or of any of them, or of any such Instalment, carry or fend at the time or times and to the Place or Places mentioned and appointed in such Notice for the Receipt and Payment of the same, and which Place or Places shall be within the Walk in which such Person shall be charged with or 'aflefled for the same, and shall there pay or cause to be paid to the Collector of such DiftriCt, or other Officer in Charge as aforesaid, the A.mount of the several Rates, Duties and Taxes, or Instalment thereof, which such Person shall be so chargeable with and liable to, and which shall be then payable and in Arrear by such Person: Pro- Payment may be vided always, that it shall and may be lawful for any Person who shall n[, ad* ^to Ex- be charged with or assessed for any of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, which

to pay the Amount thereof, or of any Instalment, into the Excise p^y charged. Office of the District in which such Person shall be so charged or assessed, at any time before the time or times so appointed for Pay-

O 2 ment

C. 54.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

In Default of Payment, Rates may be levied by Distress, with rhe further Sum of is. its the Pound.

Proceedings.

Distress for Payment of Rate may be made on Goods, to whomsoever belonging;

ment thereof, or within Ten Days next after the Eapiratjon of fnch time or times respectively and the Receipt of such Collector or other Officer in Charge as aforesaid shall be a sufficient DiCcharge to such Person for such of the Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any Inftal-ment thereof, which such Person shall so pay; and in Default of Payment thereof, or any Part thereof, at the time or timet when such Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any Instalment thereof, are made payable and required to be paid by such Person, or into the Excise Office of the District, within Ten Days next after the Expiration jof such time or times respectively, it shall and may be lawful for the Coile&or of such District, or for such Officer in Charge as aforesaid, and such Colledtor or Officer is hereby respectively authorized to issue hie - Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to empower any Person or Persons to levy the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any and such of them, and all Arrears thereof, or any Instalment thereof, as shall be then due and in Arrear, and payable by the Person owing the same, together with a further Sum after the Rate of One Shilling in the Pound on the Amount of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes so due and in Arrear by such Person; and for such Purpose k shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons to whom any such Warrant .shall be directed, at any time in the Daytime to make Entry into and upon any House, Offices or other Premises of the Person chargeable with the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, or any lnftal-.ment thereof so in Arrear, and to levy the same and all Arrears thereof, together with the further Sum after the Rate of One Shilling in the Pound as aforesaid, by Distress and Sale of any Goods and Chattels of the Person chargeable therewith, wherever such Goods and Chattels shall be found, and the Distress so taken to keep for the Space of Four Days, at theCofts and Charges of the Party so making Default of Payment; and if the said Party shall Hot within the said Four Days pay the respective Sums so due for the said Rates, Duties and Taxes and Arrears, and for the Costs and Charges of such Dif-llrefs, and for the Removal and Keeping thereof, together with the further Sum of One Shilling in the Pound as aforesaid, the said .Distress shall be sold for Payment of the said Sums so due as .aforesaid, restoring to the Party the Overplus, if .any, of such Money .as such Goods shall be sold for over and above the Rates, Duties and Taxes, and Arrears thereof, then .due, together with the said further Sum of One Shilling in the Pound aforesaid, and the necessary and reasonable Costs and Charges of taking fuclf Distress, and of the Removal, Keeping and Sale thereof, which Costs and .Charges shall in no Case exceed One fourth Part of the Rates, Duties and Taxes .and ArrearsTo due.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Goods and Chattels, 4.0 whomsoever belonging, in any House, or in any Outhouse, Office qr Edifice thereunto appertaining, in respect whereof the Rates, Duties and Taxes on Hearths, Fire Places and Stoves, and Windows or Lights, or either of them, shall be due and in Arrear, shall be, and such Goods and Chattels are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes on Hearths, Fire Places and Stoves, Windows or Lights and .all Arrears thereof, .not exceeding One Year's Amount, exclufiye.of such Rates, Duties and Taxes of the current Year.in which .such Distress shall be made; and such Goods and Chattels shall also be subject and liable to the

Payment

GEO. III.

C. 54.

197

Payment of the further Sum of One Shilling in the Pound on the and of the said Amount of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, and to the Payment lsinI, °und of the necessary and reasonable Costs and Charges of taking the 8nJ CoiU' Distress, and of the Removal, Keeping and Sale thereof, as aforesaid.

XXXIII. And be it further ena&edj That in every Case where Diftrc&may be dny Warrant fltall, in default of Payment of the said Rates, Duties made for the and Taxes, or any of them, be issued to levy the same, together with Payment of is. the further Sum of One Shilling in the Pound aforesaid, although no '£lhc P£u«d »1-Diftrefa shall actually be made under such Warrant for the Rates, ^Lby*** Duties and Taxes due and owing at the time of the issuing of the

same, the Payment of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes so due, or the Tender of the same to the Person having such Warrant, shall not discharge the Person liable to the Payment of the said Kates, Duties and Taxes, of or from the Payment of the said Sum of One Shilling in the Pound aforesaid; but it shall and may be lawful to collect and levy the same under such Warrant, by Distress and Sale, in the like manner as the Kates, Duties and Taxes may be levied uuder this Act.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever any On Tender or such Warrants shall be issued, if the Party against whom the same shall Payment of

he issued shall tender to the Officer producing such Warrant the full °* tu

Amount of all Arrears of Rates, Duties and Taxes for the levying Ex'pencesof*of which such Warrant shall be issued, together With such additional |CVy not to be Sum of One Shilling in the Poundr it shall not be lawful for such demanded. Officer to levy the same by Distress, or to demand or receive any other Sum or Sums of Money of such Party as or for the Expences of levying the same; but such Officer shall, upon Payment of the said Arrears, together with such Sum of One Shilling in the Pound, give a Receipt to the said Party for the same.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That every Collector or other Sepirste Ac-Officer who shall receive the said Sum of One Shilling in the Pound count of Money payable under the Provisions of this AS in case ot Default ofPayment received by

of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes within the time prescribed for ^har8e *

the Payment of the same, shall keep a separate Account thereof, and Jjd *

shall account for and shall remit and pay the Amount of the said Sum 0y«r with Rites.

of One Shilling in the Pound aforesaid at the same time and in like

manner as by Law such Colle&or or other Officer ought to account

for, remit and pay the said Duties; and the said Sum mall be placed

to the Account of the said Duties x Provided always, that it shall and Commissioner

may be lawful to and for the Commiffipners of Inland Excise and ?ra"t Re*

Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, upon the Application of any p^e"f>

Person who shall have paid, or frtfm whom any such Sum of One

Shilling in the Pound aforesaid shall be levied, to grant such Relief

to such Person, r by a Repayment of such Sum or anv Part thereof, as

to th£ said Commissioners or any Three of them shall, under the Cir-

cumflancesof the Case, seem fitting or expedient.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the several respective Diftrifl* of tb« Diftri&s of the several and respective Offices of Excise in Ireland shall Offices of Excise he deemed and taken to be the proper Diftri&s for the Receipt of the to be deemed Rates, Duties and Taxes granted by this AS, and for the Purposes ProPfr

of this AS i and that every Person who shall be assessed as chargeable^with the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, in any such Excise District, shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes to have been assessed and charged in the proper District, and shall be chargeable and liable to pay the Amount of the Rates, Duties and

O 3 Taxes

198

C. 54.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Allowance of is. in the Pound to Persons making Payment on or before the Days appointed;

and of Inftal-mems.

If Admittance be refused to execute a Warrant, House may be broke ope n in the Day time, and in the Presence of Peace Officer ;

and Diftreia taken.

In case of Removal, Collect or of District to transmit Cenifi-

Taxea due from such Person to the Collector or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of the Excise District into the Office of which the A fie Ament again fi: such Person shall have been returned.

XXXVII. And as an Inducement to Persons to pay the said Rates, Duties and Taxes which shall be afiefled again ft them, be it further enacted, That whenever any Person shall pay to the Collector of Excise, or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of any Excise District, the full annual Amount of the Rates, Duties and Taxes with which such Person shall be charged or afiefled pursuant to the Provifious of this Act, on or before the Days and times when the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or the First Instalment thereof (if required to be paid, by Instalments), shall be required to be paid in manner directed by this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Collector or other Officer to allow to such' Person a Sum after the Rate of One Shilling in the Pound on the Amount of the whole of such Rates, Duties and Taxes as such Person shall so actually pay as aforesaid; and if any Person shall, in any case where such Rates, ' Duties and Taxes shall be required to be paid by Instalments, pay the full Amount of every such Instalment on or before the several Days or times when* the said several Instalments shall be respectively required to be paid, it shall be lawful for the said Collector or Officer to allow to such Person, on Payment of the last of such Instalments, a Sum after the Rate of One Shilling in the Pound on the whole annual Amount of such Rates, Duties and Taxes $ and the said Collector or Officer shall give to such Person making such Payment a Receipt for the full Amount of the whole of such Rates, Duties and Taxes, or of such last Instalment thereof, specifying the Amount of such Allowance, and deduding the same from the Sum payable in respect of such Rates, Duties and Taxes, or such last Instalment thereof.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person to whom any Warrant issued under this Act shall be directed to levy the said Rates, Duties or Taxes, or any of them, shall be refused Admittance into any House, Outhouse or Edifice, or shall not, on Demand of Entrance by knocking or otherwise, obtain Admittance into the same; or if no Person shall attend or appear at such House, Outhouse or Edifice, to give Entrance to such Person to whom such Warrant shall be directed, or from whom such Person can make Demand of Entrance; then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful for such Person, upon a Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any one Commissioner of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or upon a Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Collector of Excise, or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of the District in which such House, Outhouse or Edifice shall be situate, to break open and enter in the Day time any such House, Outhouse or Edifice, in the Presence of a Constable or other Peace Officer, who is hereby authorized and required to be aiding and assisting therein, and to levy by Distress and Sale, in manner before in this Act mentioned, the several Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any and such of them as shall be then due in Arrear, together with the further Sum of One Shilling in the Pound aforesaid, and the necessary and reasonable Costs and Charges of taking such Distress, and of the Removal, Keeping and Sale thereof.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Person liable to and charged or chargeable with the Payment of the Rates, Duties or Taxes granted by this Act, or any of them, shall before

Payment

58° GEO. III.

C. 54.

199

Payment thereof remove from the District in which the same shall be «to Colle&or

charged* the Colle&or or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of °*.

the said Di(lri& shall make and sign, and cause to be transmitted to the charred »V"

Colle&or or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of the Di(lri& removed.

where the Person or Persons making Default of Payment shall then

relide or be, a Certificate dating the Christian and Surname and

former Residence of the Person so removing, and the Amount of the

Rates* Duties and Taxes chargeable on and due from such Person at

the time of such Removal; and every such CoHe&or or other Officer Proceeding*

in Charge of the Collection of iuch laftr mentioned Di(lri& as thereon.

aforesaid is hereby respectively authorized and empowered to ifTue

his Warrant for the recovering and levying such Amount of the said

Rates* Duties and Taxes as shall be specified and set forth in the

said Certificate* and the same shall and may be levied accordingly in

like manner as any such Rates, Duties and Taxes arising within

such last mentioned DHlri& may be levied under the Provisions of

this Act; and the Colle&or or other Officer of the Diftridi so giving

such Certificate shall transmit a Copy thereof to the Commissioners of

Inland Excise and Taxes, and the said Commissioners shall give such

Orders and Dirediions with refpedfe to the paying and accounting'for

such Sums so levied as they shall fee fitting and necessary.*

XL. And be it further enacted. That no Goods or Chattels what- No Good* taken soever belonging to any Person or Persons, at any tjpne when any of in Execution, the Rates, Duties or Taxes granted by this Act charged or afiefied upon such Person or Persons may become in Arrear, shall be liable to be taken by virtue of any Execution or other Process, -Warrant Arrear be paid, or Authority, or by virtue of any Assignment, or on any Account or Pretence whatever, unless the Party at whose Suit the find Execution or other Process shall be sued out, or any Seizure made, or to whom such Assignment shall be made, or some Person on behalf of such Party* shall* before the Sale or Removal of such Goods or Chattels, pay all such Arrears of the said Rates* Duties and Taxes* or cause the same to be paid to the Colle&or of Inland Excise and Taxes, or other Officer in Charge df the Collediion of the Diftridb in which such Goods or Chattels shall be seized* not exceeding in the whole the Amount of the Duties which shall be payable for the Year in which such Seizure shall be made, together with the Arrear of One Year immediately preceding; and the said Party at whose In (lance But Sehur* such seizure shall be made, after Payment to the said Collector or mly b* Pr°-other Officer "in Charge of the Collection as aforesaid, of all such cewie<* * Arrears due of the aforesaid Rates, Duties and Taxes for One whole Year, if due, and for the Year in which such Seizure'shall be made* may proceed in such Seizure as filch Party might have done if no Rates, Duties or Taxes had been so due and in Arrear; but in case of Nonpayment of the said Rates* Duties and Taxes, the said Colle&or, or any other Officer in Charge of the Collection as aforesaid, is hereby authorized and required to ifTue his Warrant under his Hand and Seal* to empower any Person or Persons to distrain such Goods and Chattels* notwithstanding such Execution or Seizure, and to proceed to the Sale thereof, according to the Provisions of this Act, in order to obtain Payment of all such Arrears of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes then due and payable, together with the necessary and reasonable Cods and Charges attending the Distress, and the Keeping and Sale of such Goods and Chattels.

O 4

XLI. And

C. 54.

58° GEO. HI.

A; D. 181ft

Guardians and Executors liable to Rates, having Assets in their Hands.

A Lift of Rates due under any A3 in force before the passing of this A3, to be delivered to the Colle&or of each Diftri3, who shall levy the same, os any Rate may be levied under this A3.

tor want of sufficient Dif-tress, the Defaulter shall forfeit double the Amount of the Rates due.

XLI. And be* it* further enacted, That where any Person of Persona chargeable with the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, shall be under the Age of Twenty one Years, or where any Person so chargeable shall die, in every such case the Parent or Guardian or Guardians of such Minor having Monies or Property of such Minor, whereout such Rates, Duties or Taxes may be paid* and. the Executor or Executors, or Administrator or Administrators of the Person or Persona so dying, having received Assets sufficient for the Purpose, shall be, and is and are hereby made liable to and charged with the Payments which the said Minor ought to have made, and the Person so dying was chargeable with, for or on account of the said .Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them; and if such Payent .or Guardian or Guardians, Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators, shall neglect or refuse to pay as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to proceed against him, her- or them, in like manner as against any other Person or Persona making Default in Payment of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them; and every Parent or Guardian making Payment as aforesaid shall be allowed the same in his, her or their Accounts, and every Exe-eutor and Administrator shall be allowed to dedud all such Payments out of the Assets of the Person so dying,

. XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commi joners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of themyand they are hereby, required, as soon as conveniently may be aftef the passing of this Alt* to cause to be delivered to the Collector of Excise of each District. in Ireland*, or other Officer in Charge of the Golledion thereof, a true Lift or Schedule in Writing of all such Sums as shall be due and in Arrear for or in respect of any Rates, Duties and Taxes payable under any Ad or Alts in force immediately before the passing of this Alt, on Hearths, Firing Places or Stoves* and on Windows or Lights, and on Male Servants or other Male Persons, and on Carriages, and on Coachmakers or Makers and Sellers of Carnages, and on Horses, Mares and Geldings, and on Dogs or any of them, within the Diftrilt of which such Colleltor or other Officer shall be in Charge; and such Lift or Schedule shall contain the Names, Surnames and Places of Abode of the several Persona by whom such Rates, Duties and Taxes shall be then due and owing, and the Sum. or Sums charged upon and dul by each such Person respectively, and in respect of what Articles, matters or things the Sum or Sums so due shall have been charged; and upon, the Delivery of any such Lift or Schedule it shall and may be lawful fot every such Colleltor or other Officer in Charge as aforesaid, and such Collector or other Officer is hereby respectively authorized* empowered and required to demand, receive, levy and recover all such Sums as shall appear from such Lift or Schedule to be due and in Arrear, in as full and ample a manner in all Respects, and with the like Powers, Authorities and Remedies, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Rate, Duty or Tax may under the Provisions of this AH be demanded, recovered, levied and received.

XLIII, And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall happen that sufficient Goods, Chattels or Effelts of any Person liable to the Payment of any Rates, Duties and Taxes granted by tbit Ad, whereon such Rates, Duties and Taxes may be levied pursuant to the Directions of this Act* shall not be forthcoming, so that such Rates,

Duties

58° GEO. III.

201

A. D. 1818.

0. 54*

Duties and Taxes, or any Part thereof, shall remain unpaid and un-satisfied, every such Person shall forfeit and pay a Sum ecjual to double the Amount of such Rates, Duties and Taxes so remaining unpaid, or of so much thereof as shall so remain unpaid and unsatisfied, to be recovered against such Person for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That on Proof of Payment by any Person of any Rates, Duties and Taxes in respect of any Carriages, *Male Servants or other Male Persons, Horses, Mares, Geldings and Dogs, in any One District or Place, by Production of the Receipt signed by the Collector to whom the Payment shall have been made, or of a Certificate by such Collector, such Person shall.be acquitted from the Payment of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes respectively, in any other District or Place in Ireland, for the Articles mentioned in such Receipt or Certificate, and for the Period specified therein.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That every Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages shall from time to time enter in a Book, to be kept for that Purpose by such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, the Number and Kind or Carriages by him or her built and con-flruded for .Sale, and also the Number and Kind of Carriages which such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages shall part with, tell or dispose of at second hand on his or her own Account, whether the same shall have been repaired or altered by such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, or not, and also of the Number and Kind of Carriages kept by him or her for Sale, although the same may not have been built by such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, diftiugui(hing the Number of Wheels of each* and if- with lets than Four Wheels, whether con (traded to be drawn by Two Horses, and the Number fold, and the Names and Places of Abode of the Persons to whom fold, parted with, or disposed of respectively, and the particular Day on which each Carriage was delivered or lent out of the Shop or Warehouse, Yard, or other Place of such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages; and every Person felling Carriages by Au&ion or on Commission shall keep a like Book, and in like manner enter in the same the Number and Kinds of Carriages kept for Sale and fold by such Person, diftinguilhing the Number of Wheels of each, and the Days on which such Carriages were fold, and to whom they were fold respectively; and every Livery Stable Keeper, or other Person receiving any Horse, Mare or Gelding, or any Carriage, to (land at Livery, shall also from time to time enter in a Book an Account of every Carriage or Horse so (landing at Livery, and. the Name and Plaoe of Abode of the Person by or on whose behalf such Carriage or Horse had been so sent or delivered, and the time of the fending of the same respectively^ all which Books shall at all seasonable times in the Day time be open to the Inspection of any such Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid; and such Officer or other Person authorized as aforesaid shall have Power to enter into the House, Manu-fadory, Work (hop. Stables, and other Buildings and Places of every such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, and other Persons respectively as aforesaid, and take an Account of all Carriages there, and of all Horses so at Livery as aforesaid, and to satisfy nimfelf of the Truth of such Entries in any such Books respectively 5 and every Coachmaker or maker of Carnages, and other Persons hereby required

to

Proof of Payment of Rate in One District to lelieve from Payment in another.

Coachmakcrs ro enter in a Book the Number and Description of Carriages made by them, Sec.

Persons felling Carriages by Au&ion, See. to keep an Account ;

and also Livery Stable Keepers.

Books of such Persons may be infpeded. Power to enter Premises.

Account to be delivered within the time herein-

Guardians and XLI. And be' it* further enacted, That -where a

Executors liable Perforin chargeable with the said Rates, Duties and T. Affetsln their8 shall be under the Age of Twenty one Year

Hands. Person so chargeable shall die, in every such cab

Guardian or Guardians of such Minor having Mot of such Minor, whereout such Rates, Duties or Ta and. the Executor or Executors, or Administrator Q.f the Person or Persona so dying, having receiv-for the Purpose, shall be, and is and are hereby r charged with the Payments which the said Minor'and the Person so dying was chargeable with, f the said .R^tes, Duties and Taxes, or any of Parent pr Guardian or Guardians, Executor e niftrator or Admini&rators, shall neglect. or Tefu it shall and may be lawful to proceed again!' like manner as against any other Person or P* in Payment of the said Rates, Duties and T and every Parent or Guardian making Pay be allowed the same in his, her or their Ac eutor and Adrainiftrator shall be allowed to < out of the A(Tet8 of the Person so dying*

A Lift of Rates.XL.II. And be it further enacted. That*due under any for the Commissioners of Inland Dxcife and Act in force be- Three of them*and they ate hereby reouir

rfthUAafto8 may be aftet the pa0ing of this Act, to < be delivered to Cotte&or of Excite of each District. in 1 the ColleSor of Charge of the GoUe&ion thereof, a true 1 each District, Of all such Sums as shall be due and in who shall levy any Rates, Duties and Taxes payable

Rate*mey be*ny f°rce immediately before the passing of t levied under Places or Stoves* and on Windows or I thU AS. or other Male Persons, and on Carriu

Makers and Sellers of Carriages, an* ings, and on Dogs or any of them, such Colle&or or other Officer shall Schedule shall contain the Names, So the several Persons by whom such P then due and owing, and the Sum < by each such Person respectively, matters or things the Sum or Sum and upon, the Delivery of any such be lawful for every such Collect aforesaid, and such Collector or < authorized, empowered and req> recover all such Sums as shall ap; be due and in Arrear, in as full and with the like Powers, Aut\ and Purposes, as any Rate, Du of this Act be demanded, reco^ tot want of XLUI. And be i''sufficient Dif- that sufficient Goof5

tress, the De- Payment of any

fnltet fb.ll whereon such Rat.

.""of Direction, of thi»

the Rites due,

J*, § L*PlK Iff

r

, -r /Vf th< rr..f'

: *J! tot frit^>

.; JJttm »f>'1, \ i !n rr m 41*..

" 't, r '

-i nr nir7»meg tr -air ar Zjmsrr a: Sdisr rr Cerra^r*,

a ifloec tit Side <c

vkuLKi kt Carrj^t, DatT nr Tax either He -zA Eiok sdc Texes in

*, the Ejjtrr srt.^i. ir.-JL be Ixpentranx fLi— r^iiLa. the v: g the Njrtr^r ai Watt**, .ether corT^-cted to be 3iwi

rngBi. mw

zx ht arr-**.-* cteu—oipr nr H* Licrv

to sicefu^ ttit Rite, D-tr or by the Own-r thereof, end ot Abode of the Peiioa on m bale ted.

* Thai {ran and after the Expiration Stiarf Dot> «. of this Act, no Stan.p Doty ffiaJ be Reenpnttotl^ -.aall be gitcn on the Payment of any 'V this Act; and that so much of an V^cl* ?»vs Year of His present Majesty's Ruga, ^jp11y r the CoUcQimm mmd Mmmmfemeni tf St*m£ i, x change> Prmmftrj Aratar, RecetfU mmd i; d, as provides that every Receipt or other / Officer of the Revenue on Payment of it of any Duty on Dwelling Houses in refpeti s, or on Coaches and other Carriages, or on servants, shall be written or printed, or written *-te proper Receipt Stamp, according to the n to be paid; and that the Duty on every inch nd by the Person to whom such Receipt fhiU be

given

204

58<> GEO. III.

Colle&or, &c. may require the Production of thl last Receipt given for Duty.

Mot producing it after Notice.

Penalty Iol. Proviso.

Game Certificate to be produced when required.

Penalty aol. Notice*, Accounts, and Books, &c. required shall be in

C. 54.

A.D.181&

fiven by the Officers of the Revenae; Audi be and the same it ereby repealed.

LI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Collector or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of the District, or for any Inspector or Supervisor of the Rates, Duties and Taxes by this Act granted, or any of them, to require any Per* son chargeable with the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, to produce to such Collector or other Officer, Infpe&or or Supervisor, the last Receipt passed or given to such Person for and on account of any such Rates, Duties and Taxes, or such of them as such Person was chargeable with and liable to pay; and if on Demand made by such Collector or other Officer, Inspector or Supervisor, at the usual Place of Abode of such Person, such Receipt shall not be produced and delivered to such Collector or other Officer, Inspector or Supervisor, to be retained by him for such time as shall be sufficient to enable him to take a Copy of the same, then it shall and may be lawful for such Collector or other Officer, Inspector or Supervisor, and they are hereby respectively required, to leave a Notice at the usual Place of Abode of such Person, setting forth that such Collector or other Officer, Inspector or Supervisor, will attend at such usual Place of Abode of such Person at a certain Day and Hour to be specifiefl in such Notice, and requiring him or her to produce or cause to be produced such Receipt to such Collector or other Officer, Inspector or Supervisor, at the Day and Hour mentioned in such Notice; and if such Person shall not produce such Receipt to such Colledtor or other Officer, Inspector or Supervisor, on his attending for that Purpose at the time specified in such Notice, then such Person shall forfeit for every Tuch Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds, unless he or she shall at such time make Oath before such Collector or other Officer, Inspector or Supervisor, (which Oath such Officers are hereby respectively authorized and required tor administer without Fee or Reward, ) that he or she used due Diligence to find or procure the said Receipt, and that he or she hath not been able to find or procure the same.

LII. And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for any Inspector of Taxes, or any other Officer or Officers who now is or hereafter shall be appointed by or under the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland for the Collection or Superintendance of the Collection of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, to demand and require from any Person who shall use or keep any Dog, Gun, Net or other Engine for the taking or Destruction of Game, to produce and (hew to such Officer the proper Certificate to such Person for Liberty to kill Game; and every such Person shall upon such Demand and Requisition as aforesaid, produce such Certificate to the Officer so demanding and requiring the same, and shall permit the Tame to be infpeded accordingly; and if any such Person shall wilfully neglect or refuse to produce and (hew a Certificate in force issued to him for the Purpose aforesaid, or shall decline to produce or (hew the same, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LII I. And be it further enacted, That the several Notices by* this Act required to be given in respect of the Rates, Duties and Taxes granted by this Act, or any of them, and the several Account»

to-

58o GEO. III.

C. 54.

205

to be delivered pursuant to such Notices, and the several Books and Accounts by this Act required to be kept, and the Entries to be made therein, and also the Receipts to be .given and delivered by the .Officer to the Person paying the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, on such Officer receiving the same, shall and may be in such respective Form or Forms as the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, in Ireland, or any Three of them, may from time to time order, direct and appoint; and it shall not be necessary to prove on the Trial of any Complaint or Information touching the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, the particular Order, Direction or Appointment of the said Commissioners or any Three of them, for or of any such Form or Forms respectively; and if any Person who is by this Act required to keep any Book or Books, shall negledi or refuse to keep such Book, or Books in such Form or Forms as shall be so ordered, appointed or directed, ever such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That any Notice which shall be given or served by any Officer or ojther Person authorized as aforesaid under the Provisions of this Act, shall not be impeached or affedied by reason of any Mifiake or Variance in the ChnAian Name 9r Surname or either of them, of any Person liaMe or chargeable with .the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, or m the Amount of the Rate, Duty or Tax; but that every such Notice shall be valid and effediual, to all Intents and Purposes, notwithstanding any such Mi flake or Variance, provided that the Person intended to be described shall really be liable to the said Rate, Duty and Tax, or the Rate, Duty or Tax intended to be described, shall be chargeable on such Person.

LV. And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for .the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland or any Three of them, from time to time, as often as they shall think expedient, to call before them any and every Colledlor, Affeffor, In-fpedior or other Officer .employed in the collediing or charging of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes or any of them, and to examine him or them upon Oath, or if a Quaker, on solemn Affirmation, and to ascertain the Sum or Sums of Money that shall hye been colledied and paid to such Colledlor or other Persons respectively for the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, and also to ascertain the Sum or Sums in Arrear, and the Cause or Causes thereof, and also upon Oath or Affirmation to examine the said Colledlor or other Persons refpedfc-ively touching the due Payment over of any Sum or Sums previously colledied by him or them, and with respect to the Sum or Sums remaining in the Hand or Hands of such Colledlor or other Person refpedbvely, and to make such Order in the Premises as the said .Commissioners, or any Three of them, shall judge necessary to prevent .any Failure .in the Payment of any Part of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes.

JL.VI. And be it further enacted. That if any Officer or Person appointed to affess, charge, levy or collect the said Rates, Duties and Taxes or any of them, shall with Intent to defraud His Majesty, .His Heirs or Successors, make any false or untrue Entry in any Abffradl, Ledger .or .other Books which such Officer shall keep, containing the Survey or CoUedlion .of .his Walk. Division or District, or shall, with such Intent, omit to make any Entry or Entries pi any

such

such Form as the Commissioners shall direct.

Not nccefliiry to prove such Direction on Trial of Information.

Penalty 50I.

Mistake in the Name not to invalidate the Notice.

Commissioners may examine Col left or s, ike. on Oath, 6tc. as to the State of their Accounts.

Making false Entries, &c. hy Officer.

C. 54.

58° GEO. 1IL

A.D. 1848.

Penalty 500I. Power of ad-ministering Oath by Officer.

Persons swearing falsely Perjury.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

Irish Ad,

14 9c 15 C. a.

46 G. 3.0.106.

such Abstract, Ledger or Book respectively, or shall give or grant any false or untrue Receipt for the said Rates, Duties and Taxes or any of them, or shall make any false or untrue Entry with relation to the said Rates, Duties and Taxes or any of them, or with relation to any such Receipt given or granted by him, or if any such Officer or other Person (haul knowingly permit or fuller the same to be done in any of the respective Cases aforesaid, every such Officer or Perfoa so offending, being thereof lawfully conYided, shall for each and every such Offence forfeit to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Affidavit, Oath or Affirmation is by this Act required or directed to be taken or subscribed or administered, every such Affidavit, Oath or Affirmation shall and may be taken or administered by or before any Commissioner of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or by or before any Collector of Excise in his proper District, or by or before any other Officer in Charge of the Collection of such District, or by or before any Person who now is or hereafter shall be authorized by the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland to administer Oaths in Revenue Cases; and every such Commissioner, Collector, Officer or Perfoiris and are hereby respectively authorized, empowered and required to administer such Affidavit, Oath or Affirmation accordingly.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall take or make any Affidavit or any Oath, or make any Affirmation by this Alt required to be taken or made, shall wilfully or knowingly swear or affirm falsely therein, every such Person, being duly convicted thereof, shall suffer the Pains and Penalties to which Persons guilty of wilful or corrupt Perjury are or shall be subject by any Law in force in Ireland; and if any Person shall corruptly procure or suborn any other Person or Persons to swear or affirm falsely in any such Affidavit, Oath or Affirmation, such Person being duly con-vided of such procuring or suborning, shall for every such Offence incur and suffer such Penalties, Forfeitures, Pains and Disabilities as Persons con vided of Subornation of Perjury are respectively liable unto by any Law in force in Ireland.

LIX. And fie it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act shall be paid and payable according to the Amount thereof in Briti/h Currency, and shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, sued for, recovered and applied, (except in Cases where it is otherwise directed in this Act, l m the same manner and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such Ways and Methods, and according to such Rules and Directions, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are appointed, directed and expressed for levying, suing for or recovering of any Penalties or Forfeitures in and by an Act made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled an AS for the settling of the Excise or new Imtooft upon His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted; or in and by an Act made in the Forty (ixth Year of His present Majesty*8 Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the fevered ASs relating to the Revenues, matters and things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Tastes, in Ireland5 of

in

58° GEO. lit

C. 54.

207

in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the Revenues of Customs and Excise, or. either of them, as fully and «ffe&uaUy, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were herein expressed and enacted; with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the said recited Act made in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or any other Act or Acts as aforesaid, is provided.

LX. And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace in Ireland, within whose Jurisdiction any Offence for which the Penalty shall not exceed Forty Pounds shall be committed against this Act, or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating in anywise to the Payment, Regulation or Collection of the Rates, Duties or Taxes by this Act granted or any of them, and every such Justice is hereby authorized, empowered and required, upon Information or Complaint in Writing made in that behalf by any Officer or other Person .ading under the Authority of the Com-iniffioners of Customs and Excise or either of them respectively, within Six Months after the Offence committed, to summon the Party accused of such Offence, and also the Witnesses, if any, on either Side, and to examine into the Fad, and upon Proof thereof made to his Satisfaction, either by the Confession of the Party or Person accused of such Offence, or by the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses, which Oath such Justice is hereby authorized to administer, to give Judgment for such Penalty, and thereupon to issue his Warrant under his Hand and Seal for levying such Penalty on the Goods and Chattels of such Offender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof in case the same shall not be redeemed within Six Days, rendering to the Party the Overolus, if any$ and where Goods and Chattels sufficient cannot be found to answer such Penalty, such Justice of the Peace, or any other Justice of the Peace of the County or County of a City or Town in which such Conviction shall lie, is hereby authorized and empowered to commit such Offender or Offenders to Prison until such Penalty shall be paid $ and if any Person, whether Prosecutor or Party convicted, shall find himself or herself aggrieved by the Judgment of any such Justice of the Peace, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for such Person, if the Person so appealing shall be the Person convicted, upon giving sufficient Security by Recognizance with Two sufficient Sureties before such Justice to pay the Amount of the Penalty imposed by such Conviction as aforesaid, together with Costs not exceeding Forty Shillings, as such Justice shall appoint, to appeal to the Justice or Justicet at the next General Quarter Sessions of the County, County of a Town or City, as the Case may be, which shall be held after Fourteen dear Days from the Day on which such Conviction shall have been, made, in the District in which such Offence shall have been committed, if such County shall be divided into Districts, or if not so divided, then at the General Sessions of the County or County of ? Town or City, which shall happen next after Fourteen clear Days after such Conviction shall have been made, of which Appeal Notice m Writing shall be given to the adverse Party Ten clear Days previous to the First Day of such Quarter Semons respectively; and such Justices at such Sessions shall ftimmon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally hear and determine such Appeal; and in case

the

Penalties not exceeding 40L may be recovered before a Justice.

Appeal to Quarter Sessions, on giving Security.

Notice of Appeal

£08

Cofti.

Convictions not 10 tie removed by Certiorari.

Personal Service of Process for Penalties not necelfary.

WitnefTes neglecting, See. to appear, &c.

FenaUy aol

Informers admitted Wit-nefles.

C. 54. 58° GEO. III. A.D.1818,

the Judgment of the Justice again ft whose Adjudication such Appeal shall be brought shall be affirmed, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices at Sessions as aforesaid to award the Perfou or Per-Tons so appealing to pay such Costs to the Prosecutor occasioned by such Appeal as to him or them shall seem meet, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Forty Shillings, and such Justice or Justices of the said Court of Quarter Sessions shall and may thereupon proceed in the same manner in all Respects as the Justice making such Conviction might or could have done if such Appeal had not taken place.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That no Conviction made by any Justice, or before any Justices of Peace at the Quarter Sessions, nor any Sentence or Order given or made by any such Justice or Justices under or by virtue of this Act, shall be removed by Writ or Certiorari out of the County, City, Town or Place wherein such Conviction or Proceeding shall have been had or made; and that no Writ of Certiorari shall supersede Execution or other Proceedings upon any Conviction, Order or Sentence made or given in pursuance of this Act, but that Execution and other Proceedings shall be had and made thereupon, any such Writ of Certiorari or Allowance thereof notwithstanding.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be necessary in any Proceeding before a Magistrate or Magistrates for the Recovery of any Penalty under this Act, or under any Act or Acts in force from time to time for the Payment of or for the regulating the Col-ledion of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, that the original or any other Process or Summons, or any Notice or Order whatsoever, should be personally served on the Defendant or Defendants, or any of them, but it shall in all such Cases be sufficient that the same, or a Copy thereof, be served or polied, as the Case may be, at his, her or their then Place or Places of Abode.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or WitnefTes to give Evidence in any Case under this ACl before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, pr before any Justice or Justices at the Sessions, and shall neglect or refuse to appear, the Expence of such Witness or WitnefTes, if he, (he or they fhaU be required to go to a greater Distance than Five Miles from Home, being first paid or tendered, without a reasonable Excuse to be allowed by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Justice or Justices at Sessions respectively, or upon appearing shall refuse to be examined upon Oath, or to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Justice or Justices at Sessions respectively, and shall not make reasonable Excuse for such Refusal, to be allowed by such Justice or Justices of the Peace or Justice or Justices at Sessions respectively, then such Person or Person* shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That on any Trial or other Proceeding for Recovery of any Penalty under this Act, or under any Ad relating to the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, any Informer or other Person who in the Event of a Conviction would be entitled to the Penalty to be recovered thereon, or to any Part, Share or Proportion thereof, or to anv Fee, Profit, .Reward or Emolument whatsoever, shall neverthelels be received and admitted as a Witness on such Trial or other Proceeding; and such Testimony shall, if belieyed, be

fufficieBt

209

A.D.1818. 58° GEO. III. C.54.

sufficient thereon to all Intents and Purposes, so far as the same Testimony could be if given by any indifferent Person.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That any Justice of the Peace Conviaioni to before whom any Offender shall be convicted of any of the Offences be msdein the aforesaid, or of any Offence against any Act in anywise relating to the following Payment, Regulation or Collection of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or of any of them, shall cause the Conviction to be made out in manner and Form following, or in any other Form of Words to the like Effect, mutat'u mutandis; which Conviction shall be good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, without setting forth the Evidence, or stating the Case in any more particular manner; that is to say,

4 DE it remembered. That on the Day of Form.

* in the Year of our Lord

4 A. 0. of in the County of

* [or County, or County of the City or Town of

* as the Case may be], was convicted before me,

* /. ?. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said

* County of [or County

* of the City or Town of ] for that the said

* A 0. on the Day of in the Year

4 at

* in the said County of did [here

4 fate the Offence], contrary to the Statute in that Case made and 4 provided; and I do therefore adjudge the said A. 0. to have 4 forfeited the Sum of «

* British Currency, making the Sum of

* Irish Currency.

4 Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day

4 of .*

Which Conviction the said Justice shall cause to be written fairly upon Paper or Parchment, and to be transmitted within Ten Days from the Date of such Con vision to the Clerk of the Peace for the County or County of a City or Town (as the Case may by), or Place where such Conviction was made, to be filed by him, and to remain and to be kept among the Records of the same County or Place; and if any such Justice shall neglect or omit so to do, he shall for every such Offence forfeit Ten Pounds. Penalty. *

LXV I. And be it further enacted, That any Warrant to be issued Warrant of by any such Justice of the Peace for levyiog any Sum under any such Dirtref$ to be in Conviction from the Goods of any such Offender, shall be in the Form the following following, or in some other Form of Words to that or the like Effect, which Form shall be good and valid to a)l Intents and Purposes; that is to say,

4 County of to wit. Form.

* To M, and JY. and each of them, and their and each of their

Afiiftants.

1 WHEREAS on the Day of

*'in tii. War

was duly convifled.

Day of

in the Year 4 A. 0. of

4 for that he [or (he] on the

58 Geo. III.

210

C. 54,

58* GEO. IIL

A.D.1818.

Wmaotof Committal to be in the following

% in the Year at

t in the said County of*[or County of

€ the City or Town of as the Case may ir] did

* rhere Jiate the Offence]; and thereupon the said A* 0. hath become € liable to a Fine or Penalty of

t Briitfh Currency (amounting to

< Jrijh Currency): I do

t therefore by these Prefen ts authorize you and each of you to take c into your Possession the Goods and Chattels of the said A. 0. or a«Sufficiency thereof for levying the Sum last mentioned thereout,

< wherever you shall find the said Goods and Chattels in the County c aforesaid; and if the said Goods and Chattels shall not be redeemed c by the Payment of the said Sum within Six Days from the Day of«taking the same, you are by public Sale thereof to levy the said i Sum, rendering to the said A. 0. the Overplus (if any); and the«said Sum so levied you shall bring to me without Delay, to be dif-

< pofed of according to Law. Given under my Hand and Seal, this

* Day of One thousand

< eight hundred and

And if Goods sufficient cannot be found to answer such Penalty, a Warrant shall be thereupon issued for committing such Offender or Offenders, in the same Form as the said Warrant mil mentioned to the Words, ' I do therefore by these Presents ; * which Words, and all from thence to the Words 4 disposed of according to Law, ' indufive, shall be omitted, and the Form following, ' or iome other Form of Words to that or the like Effect, shall be inserted in their Place; to wit, *And Whereas on the Day of

4 a Warrant was issued to levy the last mentioned Sum from the

* Goods and Chattels of the said Offender, and Goods and Chattels 4 of the said Offender could not be found sufficient to answer the said

* Sum; I do therefore hereby authorize and command you and each

* of you to take the Body of the said A» 0. wheresoever you (halt 4 find him in the said County, and bring him before me the said / P. € or any other Magistrate for the said CountyAnd the Form of Committal for committing any such Offender to Prison shall follow the Form of such Warrant, save only that the Direction thereof shall be to the proper Gaoler; and that from and after the Words € I do

* therefore hereby authorize and command you, ' there shall follow

* these Words, 4 to receive into your Custody the Body of the said

* A. 0. and him or her safely to keep until the said Sum shall be 4 paid. Given under my Hand and Seal, this

* Day of One thousand eight hundred

* and

And each and every of the said Forms, or any Form of Words to. the like EffeA respectively, shall be good and valid in the Law to all Intents and Purposes.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Convi&ioa as aforesaid shall be affirmed at the Sessions, the Warrant or Warrants, Committal or Committals, for carrying the same into Execution, shall be granted by the Justice or Justices lo affirming the same, or any of them, and shall be iq the Forms here following respectively, or some other Forms of Words of the same Import respectively:

4 County

AJXI8I&

58° GEO. III.

C.54.

211

* County of to wit.

' To M. and N. and each of them, their and each of their Assistants.

* WHEREAS on the Day of in

€ the Year One thousand eight hundred and A. 0.

4 was duly convicted before /. P. one of the Ju dices of the Peace for

* the said County, for that he or she, on the Day of

4 at in the said County, did

* [ here Jbate the Offence]; and thereupon the said A. 0 became liable 4 to a Fine or Penalty of British Currency,

4 making the Sum of Irtfb Currency: And

4 Whereas the said A. 0. appealed from the said Conviction to the 4 Sessions, which hath affirmed the.same with Cods,

* making together the said Penalty the Sum of :

* These are therefore to authorize and command you and each of you 4 to take into your PoiTeilion the Goods and Chattels of the said A. O. 1 or a Sufficiency thereof for levying the said lad mentioned Sum 4 thereout, wherever you shall find the said Goods or Chattels in the 4 County aforesaid; and if the said Goods and Chattels shall not be 4 redeemed by the Payment olf the said Sum within Four Days from 4 the Day of taking the same, you are by Public Sale thereof to levy

* the' said Sum, rendering to the said A. 0. the Overplus (if any) ;

4 and the said Sum so levied you shall bring to us or to One of us, or 4 to me, [as the Case may be], without Delay, to be disposed of 4 according to Law. Given under our Hands and Seals [or under 4 my Hand and Seal] this Day of /

And if Goods and Chatters sufficient cannot be found to answer such Sum, a Warrant shall be thereupon issued for committing such Offender, in the same Form as the said Warrant last mentioned to the Words, 1 These are therefore to authorize and command vou ; * which Words, and all from thence to the Words*disposed of 4 according to Law/ inclusive, shall be omitted, and the Form following, or some other Form of Words to that or the like Efft&, shall be inserted in their Place; to wit, 4 And Whereas on the 4 Day of a Warrant was iiTued to levy the

4 said laffc mentioned Sum from the Goods and Chattels of the said 4 A. 0., and Goods and Chattels of the said A. 0. could not be 4 sufficient to answer the said Sum; we [or I] do therefore hereby 4 authorize and command you and each of you to take the Body of 4 the said A. 0. wheresoever you shall find him in the said County, and

* bring him before us [or me] And the Form of Committal for committing any such Offender to Prison shall follow the Form of such Warrant, save only that the Direction thereof be to the proper Gaoler; and that from and after the Words, *We [or I] do there-4 fore hereby authorize and command you/ there shall follow these Words, 4 to take into your Custody the Body of the said A. 0.,

4 and him or her safely keep, from the Date hereof, until the said 4 Sum shall be paid. Given under our Hands and Seals [or my 4 Hand and Seal] this Day of : *

And each and every the said Forms, or any Form of Words to the like Effect respectively, shall be good and valid in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes.

P 2

Form.

LXVIII. And

C. 54,

58* GEO. III..

A.D. 1818.

Copy of Con- - visions to be furniftied to the Collector.

Fee*

Transmitted to Commissioners.

Penalty iol

Hit Majesty** Share of Penalties to be paid over,

(Exception, ) to Colle&or of

Justice negle&-ing, &c.

LXVIII. And be it further enabled, That every Clerk of the Peace in Ireland shall, within One Calendar MonthTnext after any filch Conviction shall have been transmitted to his Office, furnish to the Colle&or of Excise, or other Officer in Charge of the Diftri€t in and for the County in which such Conviction shall have been made, a Copy of such Conviction, signed by such Clerk of the Peace, for which he shall receive from such Colle&or, or other Officer in Charge as aforesaid, the Sum of One Shilling, and no more s and every such Colle&or, or other Officer in Charge shall forthwith transmit such Copy to the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes; and if any such Clerk of the Peace, or Colle&or or other Officer in Charge as aforesaid, shall neglect or omit so to do respectively, every Person so offending shall for every such.Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

LXIX. And be it further enacted. That such Part, Share and Proportion as shall be payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Suc-ceffors, of, from or out of any Penalty or Fine payable or recoverable under this Act, or under any Act or A&s which shall in any-wife relate to the Payment, Regulation or Collection of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, shall, unless otherwise particularly directed, within One Calendar Month next after the same shall be levied or received, be paid by the Justice of the Peace, by whom the same shall have been so levied or received, to the Colle&or

Penalty Sol. Justices neglecting their Duty,

Penalty 40I.

Commissioners may mitigate Penalties.

Penalties paid BritUh Currency.

of Inland Excise and Taxes, or other Chief Officer in Charge of the District in which the Offence was committed; and if any such Justice of the Peace shall neglect or omit so to pay over the lame, he shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LXX. And be it further enacted. That if any Justice of the Peace, Magistrate or Peace Officer in Ireland, shall neglect or refuse in any Instance to carry into Execution this Act, or any Act or A&s in force in Ireland relating in anywise to the Payment, Regulation or Collection of. the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, or any of the Provisions of any such Act or A&s, upon proper Application made to him, such Justice of the Peace, Magistrate or Peace Officer shall forfeit the Sum of Forty Pounds for every such Neglect or Refusal.

LXXI. And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland\ or any Three of them, to abate, reduce or mitigate any Fine or Penalty which shall at any time be imposed under the Authority of this Act, or under any Act or A&s in force in Ireland relating in anywise to the Payment, Regulation or Collection of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them; provided that every such Abatement, Reduction and Mitigation shall be under and subject to all such Rules and Regulations as by any Act or A&s in force in Ire* land any Fine or Penalty incurred for any Offence against any Act or A&s relating to the Revenue of Excise shall or may be abated, reduced or mitigated.

, LXXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Fines and Penalties which shall be incurred under this Act, or under any Act or A&s in force in Ireland in anywise relating to the Payment, Regulation or Collection of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, or any of them, shall be paid and payable, and received and receivable, according to the Amount thereof in Briti/b Currency \ and that every

such

A.D.181#.

58° GEO. III.

C. 54.

213

such Fine or Penalty, not particularly directed to be otherwise ap- Application plied, shall be paid and distributed, One Moiety thereof to the Use thereof, of His Majesty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, and the other Moiety to the Use of the Person suing for the same.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Provisions, 5Xo.3.c.7«. Clauses, Rules, Regulations and Exemptions contained in an Act extended to made in the Fifty fim Year of His present Majesty's Reigh, intituled Act.

An Act for granting Exemptions in certain Cases from the Payment of the Duties charged in refpeQ of Servants, Carriages, Horses and Dogs kept in Great Britain and Ireland refpeQively, ftudl extend and be con. ftrued to extend to the several Rates, Duties and Taxes in respect of Servants, Carriages, Horses and Dogs kept in Ireland, granted by this Act and the Schedules thereto annexed, and to the several Rates, Duties and Taxes, in respect of Servants, Carriages, Horses and Dogs kept in Great Britain, granted by any Act or Acts in force in Great Britain at the time of the passing of this Act, as fully and effeftualty to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Provisions}

Clauses, Rules, Regulations and Exemptions were repeated and re-enafted in this Act.

* LXXIV. And in order to promote the Recovery of Persons

* afflifted with or labouring under contagious or infectious Fever,

* and the better to prevent the spreading of*the same in Ireland; 9

Be it further enacted, That whenever it (nail be made appear to the Commissioners Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, in msydireft Ireland, by such Proof as the said Com^Kfioners shall require, that to

the opening of any Window dr Windows which shall nave been b* opened to flopped up, or the making of any new Window or Opening in any prevent Fever, House, Outhouse or Office is likely to paomote the Recovery of such and exempt such Person or Persons, or to prevent the spreading of such Fever, it shall House from^and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby refP*

authorized and empowered to make such Rules and Regulations, and w Orders, and to give such Directions from time to time, for the opening or making of any such Window and again flopping up the same, and for exempting such House from any Charge in refjpeft of such Window, or for charging or surcharging such House m respect of such Window, as to the said Commissioners shall in their Dilcretion seem requisite and necefTary for the Recovery of such Person, or the preventing the spreading of such Fever, and as may prevent Frauds under Pretext of opening such Window, or by keeping the same open longer than shall be requisite for the Purposes a fore said.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act and all the Commencement Clauses and Provisions herein contained, shall be deemed and taken of Act. to have commenced and take Effect from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

LXXV I. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be Act may be al-amended, altered or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this &c* present Session of Parliament* e

P S

SCHE

214

C. 54.

58° GEO. III. A»D. 1818.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

FIRE HEARTHS.

A SCHEDULE of the Rates, Duties and Taxes payable annually for and out of every Dwelling House, in the whole of which, with cyAy Outhouse, Office and Edifice appertaining or belonging

thereto, and hereinafter enumerated, there shall be Four or more Fire Hearths or other Places for Firing, or Stoves.

* DUTY.

Yearly Rate

on the House

for the whole

Number of

Hearths.

/ d.

In respect of 4 - - - - - O 12 O

5 0 17 6

6 i 4 0

7 ' - - in 6

8 200

9 296

10 % $ 00

11 ----- 3116

12 440

13 4 17 6

14 5 12 0

15 6 7. 6

16 - - - -.- 7 4* 0

>7' 8 1 6

18 900

*9 919 6

20 11 OO

21 - - 12 I 6

22 - *340

23 14 7 6

a4 15 is 0

25 16 17 6

26 1840

27 - - 19 11 6

28 - .... 21 0 0

And for and out of every Dwelling House '

in the whole of which, with every such

Outhouse, Office and Edifice appertain-

ing thereto, there shall be more than 28

Fur Hearths or Stoves, or other Places

for Firing, in respect of each and every > 0 15 0

Fire Hearth or Stove, or other Place

for Firing, in such Dwelling House, Out*

house, Office or Edifice appertaining thereto, there shall be paid the yearly

Sum of - - J

RULES

58* GEO. III.

C. 54.

215

jSchedule (A.) —continued.

RULES for charging the said Rates, Duties and Taxes.

Every Kitchen, Celiar, Scullery, Butlery, Pantry, Larder, Wafhhouse, Bakehojife, Brewhouse and Lodging Room, or Outhouse or Office used as such, appertaining or belonging tp any Dwelling House, whether the same shall be contiguous to or disjoined from such Dwelling House, shall be deemed and taken to be rart of such Dwelling House; and all Hearths or other Places for Firing or Stoves therein, shall be reckoned and included in the Number of Hearths in respect of which such Dwelling House shall be charged with the Rate, Duty or Tax.

And in all Cases where there shall be an internal Communication between any Two or more Houses adjoining each other, so as that the same shall be occupied by One Person and his or her Family, Inmates or Lodgers, the said Rates, Duties and Taxes shall be charged as if such Houses, with the Outhouses, Offices and Edifices belonging or appertaining to each of them, were one Jioufe.

Where any Dwelling House has been or shall be divided into different Tenements, being di ft in 61 Properties, every such Tenement shall be subject to the same Duties as if the same were One House, which Duties shall be paid by the Occupiers thereof respectively.

EXEMPTIONS and ABATEMENTS from the said Rates and

Duties.

His Majesty's Castle of Dublin, or any House within the Circuit thereof, or any House or Tenement provided for the Residence of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or of the Under Secretaries in his Office; and the College of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Queen Elizabeth near Dublin.

Anv Dwelling House which after the Twenty seventh Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eight, and before the Twentieth Day of June One tnoufand eight hundred and (ixteen, shall have been built on and held together with any Farm in Ireland, containing not less than Ten Acres Iri(h Plantation Measure; and in the whole of which Dwelling House, with-every Outhouse or Edifice appertaining thereto, there shall not have been nor shall be more than Four Fire Hearths or Stoves, or other Places for Firing, shall be exempted from any Duty in respect thereof, from the time when such Dwelling House (nail have been first occupied; until the Fifth Day of January next after the End of Seven Years from the time of such first Occupation; provided that such Dwelling House shall have been and shall be occupied together with such Farm; and in case such House shall not be lo occupied therewith, the same Dwelling House, with every such Outhouse, Office or Edifice appertaining thereto as aforesaid, and the Occupier thereof shall be chargeable with the Rates, Duties and Taxes in refpe6fc of Fire Hearths or Stoves or other Firing Places therein respectively, on and from the Sixth Day of January in the Year in which such Dwelling House shall cease to be occupied with such Farm, and from thenceforward shall not be entitled to any such Exemption.

Any newly built House or newly built Addition to a House, which shall not be used or inhabited, and where any newly built

P 4 House,

216

C. 54.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

Schedule (A.) — continued*

House, or any newly built Addition to a House, shall be used or in* habited in Part only, the Remainder thereof being unfit-for Use or Habitation, such House shall be charged only in respect of the Fire Hearths in such Parts thereof as shall be used or inhabited.

, Any Oven or any fixed Boiler in any Dwelling House, Outhouse, Office or Edifice appertaining thereto, shall be exempted from the said Duty on Fire Hearths.

Any House (ituate within the District of the Metropolis of Dublin, or within any City or Town, and containing Six Hearths or upwards, in which no Shop shall be kept for the Sale of any Goods, or in which no Spirituous or other Liquors shall be sold, and which shall be wholly let for Lodgings, or occupied by Lodgers, each Lodging let to or occupied by one Person or Family, and such Lodging not confiding of more than One Room, and the Lodger therein not being provided, by the Person letting such Lodging, with Diet or other Accommodation, shall not be charged with any higher Rate than Two Shillings for each Hearth or Fire Place therein.

Any House (ituate within the Didrift of the Metropolis of Dublin, or within any City or Town, and containing Eight Hearths or upwards, the greater Part of the Rooms in which shall be let to or occupied by Lodgers, each Lodger not occupying more than One Room, and not being provided by the Person letting such Lodging with Diet or other Accommodation, though such House shall be partly inhabited by the Owner, shall not be charged with any higher Dpty than Two Shillings for each Hearth or Fire Place.

Any Hospital, House provided for the Reception and Relief of poor Persons, Charity School, Gaol, Prison, or Seffious House, Hall, Office, or other Public Building whatever in Ireland, shall not be charged in respect of Hearths therein, otherwise than in manner hereinafter mentioned; that is to f$y, all the Dwelling Rooms and Apartments in any such Public Building, being occupied by any Officer, Mader, Midress, or Superintendant of or belonging to or employed in the same, or by any- Servant of such Officer, Mader, Midrefs or Superintendant, shall be deemed Dwelling Houses, and shall be liable to the Tax on Hearths accordingly; .and the Persons respectively by whom or by whose Servants such Rooms or Apartments are or shall be inhabited, shall be chargeable with and liable to pay the said Tax as Occupiers of Houses are by Law chargeable with and liable to pay the same.

Every House which shall be unoccupied from and after the Fifth Day of January in any Year, until and at the time of making the Afleflinent, shall be inserted and described as such in the Afleflinent, with the Number of Hearths and other Places for Firing and Stoves therein, with the Outhouses, Offices and Edifices appertaining thereto as aforesaid; and if such House shall continue wholly unoccupied during the whole of such Year, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Three of them, upon due Proof of the Faft, made to their Satisfaction, to discharge such House from the Hearth Tax, chargeable thereon for such Year; and if any Person shall in the Course of such Year come into the Occupation of any House which shall be so inserted and described in the Assessment made in respect of such House for such Year, every such Person shall cause a Notice thereof in Writing to be given to the

Collector

A.D. 1818*

58° GEO. III.

C. 5*.

217

Schedule ( A.) — continued.

Collector of Inland Excise of the DiftriA in which such House shall be situate, or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of such Diftri£t, within Twenty Days next after the time when such Person shall first occupy such House; and every Person who shall negleC to give such Notice within the time aforesaid shall be liable to be charged with and shall pay the Rates, Duties and Taxes for Hearths, Firing Places and Stoves with which such House shall be chargeable and charged and assessed for the whole Year in which the same became so occupied: Provided always, that if the Person who shall so occupy any such House shall give such Notice, the said Rates, Duties and Taxes shall be payable only from the time when such Person shall first occupy such House according to the Rates aforesaid, proportioned to and eftinuted on the Period of such Year remaining unexpired at the time of such first Occupation; and when a Tenant of any House shall after the Assessment of the same quit such House on the Determination of the Lease or Demise thereof, and Notice thereof in Writing shall within Twenty Days next after be given by such Person, or by the Owner or Landlord of such House to the Colle&or of Excise of the District in which such House shall be situate, or other Officer in Charge of such Collection, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners or any Three of them to discharge such House from or to repay a rateable- Proportion of the said Rates or Duties for the Remainder of such Year, in case it shall appear to the said Commissioners that such House shall have continued wholly unoccupied for and during the Remainder of such Year.

SCHEDULE (B.)

WINDOWS.

A SCHEDULE of the Rates, Duties, and Taxes payable annually for and out of every Dwelling House, with the Outhouses, Offices and Edifices appertaining or belonging thereto, and hereinafter enumerated, having more than Six Windows or Lights.

£ / dm.

In respect of 7 Windows or Lights 0 15 0

8 146

9 -.- 1 11 6

10 *2 2 0

11 2 14 6

12 3 7 0

13 - 3 19 6

14.- 4 12 6

15 - 5 5 0

16 5 18 0

*7 610 6

18 7 3 0

i9 - 7 15 6

20 - - 8 8 6

21 -91 0

22913 6

a3 - 10 6 6

24 - 10 18 6

25 - 11 11'6*

26 12 4 0

219 C. 54. 58° GEO. III. A.D.1818.

Schedule (B.) — continued.

In respect of 27 Windows or Lights £.t. J. { 12 16 6

28 13 19 6 i

29 14 2 0 '

30 -.- 14 14 6

3* *5 7°

32 *5 *9 6

33 10 12 0

34 17 5 0

35 17 17 6

36. 18 10 0

37 19 3 0

38* 19 1 6

39 -, 20 8 0

40 to 44 21 13 0

45 to 49 23 15 0

50 to 54 2 5*7 «

55 to 59 27 19 6

60 to 64 29 16 6

65 to 69 31 10 6

70 to 74 33 3 <5

75 to 79 34 *7 «

80 to 84 36 11 0

85 to 89 38 5 0

90 to 94 inclusive in all Cases 39 >8 6

95 to 99 41 12 p

IOO to 109 44 3 0

110 to 119 47 10 0

120 tO I29 .50 17 6

13° to 139.- 54 4 6

140 to 149 57 12 0 1

150 to 1£9 60 19 D !

160 to 169 64 6 6

170 to 179 67 14 0

180 - 69.17 0

And for every such Dwelling House which shall contain more than 180 Windows or Lights, for every Window or Light exceeding the Number of 180 023

RULES for charging the said Rates, Duties, and Taxes.

All Windows or Lights in such Dwelling House, with the Out* houses, Offices and Edifices appertaining or belonging thereto, and all Sky Lights, and all Windows or Lights in any Stair Case, Garret, Celiar, Paftage or other Part or Place of or belonging to any Dwelling House, to what Use or Purpose foeter applied, shall be reckoned and included in the Number of Windows or Lights in respect of which such Dwelling House shall be charged with the foregoing Rates, Duties or Taxes.

Every Kitchen, Celiar, Scullery, Buttery, Pantry, Larder, Walk ltouse, Bakehouse, Brewhouse, and Lodging Room, or Outhouse or

fy Office

58 GEO. III.

e. 54.

2MJ

Schedule (B«)— continued

Office used as such, appertaining or belonging to any Dwelling Hpuse, whether the same shall be contiguous to or disjoined from such Dwelling House, shall be deemed and taken to be Part of such Dwelling House $ and all Windows or Lights therein shall be reckoned and included in the Number of Windows or Lights in respect of which such Dwelling House shall be charged with the Rate, Duty or Tax.

In all Cases where there shall be an internal Communication be* tween any Two or more Houses adjoining each other, so as that the same shall be occupied by One Person, and his or her Family, Inmates or Lodgers, the said Rates, Duties and Taxes shall be charged as if such Houses, with the Outhouses, Offices and Edifices belonging or appertaining to each of them, were One House.

When a Partition or Division in any Window or Light between Two or more Windows or Lights fixed in any one Frame shall be of the Breadth or Space of Twelve Inches or more, the Window or Light on each Side of such Partition or Division shall be deemed as a distinct Window or Light, and shall be rated accordingly: Provided always, that every Window in a Frame, which is or shall be extended into a greater Number of Rooms, Apartments, Landings or Lobbies than One, shall be reckoned and charged for so many separate Windows as there are Rooms, Apartments, Landings or Lobbies into which the same shall be extended.

Where any Dwelling House has been or shall be divided into different Tenements, being distinct Properties, every such Tenement /Hall be subject to the same Duties as if the same were One House; which Duties shall be paid by the Occupiers of every such Tenement respectively.

EXEMPTIONS and ABATEMENTS from the said Rates and

Duties.

His Majesty's CafUp of Dublin, and any House within the Circuit thereof, and any House or Tenement for the Reiidence of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or of the Under Secretaries in his Office, and the College of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Queen Elizabeth near Dublin.

Any Warehouse being a distinct and separate Building, and not a Part or Parcel of the I)welling House, nor occupied in part or in the whole as a Dwelling House, but employed solely for the Purpose of lodging Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or for carrying on (ome Manufodure or Trade, although the same may adjoin to or have internal Communication with the Dwelling House.

Any Window or Light in any Room used wholly for the Purpose of carrying on any Manufadure therein, and not having any internal Communication with a Dwelling House, or any Part thereof, although such Room shall adjoin to such Dwelling House, or be in other respects a Part thereof.

Any Dwelling House which after the Twenty seventh Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eight, and before the Twentieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, shall have been built on and held together with any Farm in Ireland, containing not less than Ten Acres Iri(h Plantation Measure, and in the whole of

which

220

C.5L

58 GEO. III.

A.D.181&

Schedule ( B.) — continued.

which Dwelling House, with every Outhouse, Office or Edifice appertaining thereto, there shall not have been nor shall be more than Four Fire Hearths or Stoves c* other Place? for Firing, shall be exempted from any Duty in respect of Windows or Lights from the time when such Dwelling House shall have been.first occupied, until the Fifth Day of January next after the End of Seven Years from the time of such first Occupation: Provided, that such Dwelling House shall have been and shall be occupied together with such Farm; and in case such House shall not be so occupied therewith, the said Dwelling House, with any Outhouse, Office or Edifice appertaining thereto as aforesaid, and the Occupier thereof, shall be chargeable with Rates, Duties and Taxes, in respect of Windows or Lights therein respectively, on and from the Sixth Day of January in tiie Year in which such Dwelling House shall cease to be occupied witn such Farm, and from thenceforward shall not be entitled to any such Exemption.

Any newly built House or newly built Addition to a House which shall not be used or inhabited, and wher* any newly built House, or any newly built Addition to a House, shall be used or inhabited in Part only, the Remainder thereof being unfit for Use or Habitation, such House shall be charged only in refpe£f of the Windows or Lights in such Parts thereof as (hail be used or inhabited.

Any House containing Eight Windows or upwards, the Whole or the greater Part of the Rooms of which shall be let to or occupied by Lodgers, and each Lodger not occupying more than One Room* and not being provided by the Person letting such Lodging with Diet or other Accommodation, shall not be charged with any higher Duty than One Shilling for each Window or Light, provided that each Window and Light in the Room of every such Lodger shall be so constructed as to open and (hut, so that the same may ventilate the Apartment in which each such Window shall be.

Any Hospital, House provided for the Receptiop and Relief of poor rerfons, Charity School) Gaol, Prison, Sessions House, Hall, Office or Public Building whatsoever in Ireland, shall not be charged in respect of Windows therein, otherwise than in manner hereinafter mentioned; that is to say, all the Dwelling Rooms or«Apartments in any such Public Building being occupied by any Officer, Master, Mi ft refs or Superintendant of or belonging to or employed in the same, or by any Servant of such Officer or Person as aforesaid'; and the Officers or Persons respectively by whom or by whose Servants such Rooms or Apartments are or shall be inhabited, shall be chargeable with and liable to pay the said Taxes as Occupiers of Houles are by Law chargeable with and liable to pay the same.**

Wnere any Window or Light in any Dwelling House shall be occupied with or used for a Loom which shall be Handing at or under such .Window or Light, and really used in Weaving, no Duty shall be charged in respect of such Window.

Any Dwelling House wholly occupied during the whole of any Year on and from the Sixth Day of January in such Year to the Fifth Day of January in the Year following, as a Boarding School for the Education of Children, and kept by a Person licenfcd to keep a School by the Ordinary of the Diocese, or the Justices at Sessions,

shall

A.D.1818.

58 CyEO. III.

C. 54.

221

. Schedule ( B-)—continued

shall not be charged with any higher Rate than One Shilling for each Window or Light therein*provided that if the said Rate of One Shilling for each Window shall have been paid in any Yeary and that such House shall cease to be so occupied and kept as aforesaid within the Year for which such Rate shall nave been paid, Credit shall be given for the Sum so paid out of the Charge to which such House shall become liable in consequence of ceasing to be occupied and kept as above mentioned.

Every House which shall be unoccupied from and after the Fifth Day of January in any Year until and. at the time of making the Assessment, shall be inserted and described as such in the Assessment, with the Number of Windows or Lights therein, with the Out-houses, Offices, and Edifices appertaining thereto as aforesaid ? and if such House shall continue wholly unoccupied during the whole of such Year, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Three of them, upon due Proof of the FaA made to their SatisfaAio.nrto discharge such Houf^from the Window Taxes chargeable thereon for such Year; and if any Person shall in the Course of. such Year come into the Occupation of any Houfe-which shall be so inserted and described in the Assessment made in refpeA of such House for such Year, every such Person shall cause a Notice thereof in Writing to be given to the Colic Aor of Excise of the DiftriA in which such House shall be situate, or other Officer in Charge of the ColleAion of such DiftriA within Twenty Days next after the time when such Person shall first occupy such House; and every Person who shall neglect to give such Notice within the time aforesaid, shall be liable to be charged with and shall pay the Rates and Taxes for Windows or which such House shall be

chargeable and charged and the whole Year in which the

same became so occupied: Provided always, that if the Person who shall so occupy any such House shall give such Notice, the said. Rates, Duties and Taxes shall be payable only from the time when such Person shall first occupy such House, according to the Rates aforesaid, proportioned to and estimated on the Period of such Year remaining unexpired at the time of such first Occupation; and when a Tenant of any House shall after the Assessment of the same quit such House on the Determination of the Lease or Demise thereof, and Notice thereof in Writing shall within Twenty Days next after be given by such Person, or by the Owner or Landlord of such House, to the ColleAor of Excise of the DiftriA in which such House shall be situate, or other Officer in Charge of such ColleAjon, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commimoners or any Three of them to discharge such House from or to repay a rateable Proportion of the said Rates or Duties for the Remainder of such Year, in case it shall appear to the said Commissioners that such House shall have continued wholly unoccupied for and during the. Remainder of such Year.

If Proof shall be made in the manner herein direAed to the Satis-faAion of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, that any Person or umber of Persons in Partnership together refpeAively occupy a Tenement or Building (although the same shall have been previously occupied as a D

222

C. 54.

58° GEGL III,

A.D. 1818-

Schedule (B.) — continued*

Houfe} as a House for the Purposes of Trade only, or as a Ware* house for the foie Purpcfc of lodging Goods, Wares or Merchandize therein, or as a Shop or Counting House, no Person inhabiting or dwelling or abiding therein, except in the Day time only for the Purpose of such Trade, such Person, or each of such Persons in Part-ner/hip respectively, redding in a separate and diftinCt Dwelling House, or Part of a Duelling House charged with the Duties on Windows or Lights, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, according to the Provisions hereafter specified, to discharge the Af-feffment made in respect of such Tenement or -Building which shall be so used for the Purpose of Trade, or so employed as a Warehouse for the foie Purpose of lodging Goods, Wares or Merchandize therein, or as a Shop or Counting House.

All such Tenements or Buildings, whether employed wholly for the PurpofeB of Trade, or as Warehouses for the foie Purpose of lodging Goods, * Wares or Merchandize therein, or as Shops or Counting Houles? may be brought into Assessment as Dwelling Houses; and every Person intending to be relieved from any such Assessment shall give Notice thereof to some assessing Officer of the DiftriCt or Walk where any such Tenement or Building shall be situate, and at the same time deliver a Declaration in Writing dating the Parish or Place where the Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses, or Part of a Dwelling House used as the Residence of him, her or them, or his, her or their Family or Families, are respectively situate; and any afieffing Officer of such Walk or District, who by means of such Notice or* other wise shall have Information of such Claim being made, shall from time to time and at all times in the Day time be admitted to infpeCl and survey the Tenement or Budding described to be so employed for the Purposes of Trade, as well internally as externally, and shall inquire and examine into the Uses and Purposes to which such Tenement or Building is or lias been emploved; and if after any such Claim made, or before or after Allowance thereof, it shall be discovered<that the same Tenement or Building hath been employed for any other Use than for the Purposes of Trade, or as a Warehouse for lodging Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or as a Shop or Counting House, or that any Person doth inhabit or dwell therein, except as aforesaid; then and in such Case the said Tenement or Building shall be assessed and charged as a Dwelling House to the said Rates, Duties and Taxes, in respect of the Windows or Lights therein, notwithstanding such Claim, or any thing herein contained to the contrary.

If the Owner or Occupier of any Mill or Place of Manufacture or Trade, or Warehouse not being Part or Parcel of any Dwelling House, nor occupied in part or in the whole as a Dwelling House, but employed solely for the Purpose of lodging Goods, Wares and Merchandize, or for the Purpose of carrying on some Manufacture or Trade, shall be authorized by Licence signed by the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, upon Application made to them by such Owner or Occupier, to appoint any One or more of the Servants of such Owner or Occupier named in such Licence to watch and guard the said Mill or Place of .Ma'

nufacture

A.D.1818.

58° GEO. III.

C. 54,

223

Schedule (B.) — continued*

nufacture or Trade or Warehouse in the Night time, in such Case the abiding of such licensed Servant therein, for the Purpose of watching and guarding the same, shall not render the Owner or Occupiers thereof liable to any of the Duties on such Mill or Place of Manu-fadture or Trade or Warehouse, in respect of the Windows or Lights therein.

SCHEDULE (C.)

MALE SERVANTS.

A SCHEDULE of the Rates, Duties and Taxes payable annually for or in respect of every Male Servant retained or employed by any Person or Persons.

NUMBER THEREOF. Duty.

£* / d.

In respect of i such Servant 2 2 0

2 ... 5 5 0

3 ... 8 8 o

4 12 o o

5 and upwards 15 l5 °

And for each and every Servant exceeding the

Number of Five, the further Sum of 440

RULES for charging the said Duties.

The said Duties shall be paid by the Person who shall retain or employ such Male Servant or Servants, and shall be paid for every Male Servant who shall be retained or employed by any Person, at any time between the Fifth Day of January in any Year, and the Sixth Day of January in the Year following, in any of the following Capacities; that is to say, Maitre d* Hotel, House Steward, Mailer of the Horse, Groom ot the Chamber, Valet de Chambre, Butler, Under Butler, Clerk of the Kitchen, Confectioner, Cook, House Porter, Footman, Running Footman, Coacliman, Groom, Poitiilion, Stable Boy or Helper in the Stables, Gardener, Park Keeper, Game Keeper, Huntsman or Whipper in, or by whatever Name or Names Male Servants, really acting in any of the said Capacities, shall be called or known, or whether such Male Servants shall have been or shall be retained or employed in one or more of the said Capacities, or in any other Buiinefs, jointly with any one or more of the same; and for every Servant hired by the Year with any Carriage or Horses, the Tax on such Servant so hired shall be charged and chargeable on the Person who shall use such Servant on Hire with any Carriage and Horses as aforesaid.

EXEMPTIONS from the said Rates and Duties.

Any Servant who (haU be really retained or employed solely for the Purpose of Hulbandry or Manufacture, or of any Trade or Calling by which the Mailer dr Mistress of such Servant shall earn a Livelihood or Profit.

Any

224

C. 54,

58* GEO. III.

A.D. 1818-

Schedule (C.) continued*

' Any Servant of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or of the College of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Queen Elizabeth near Dublin, or any Servant of the Royal Hospital near Kilmainham, or of the Blue Coat Hospital or Lying in Hospital in Dublin, or of any Hospital or Charitable Inttitution.

One Servant of any Officer serving in any Regiment of Horse or Dragoons, under the Rank or not receiving the Pay of a Field Officer, provided such Officer retains no more than one Servant; and any Servant of any Officer serving in any Regiment of Artillery, Infantry or Marines, or Corps of Engineers, such Servant being actually a Soldier in the Regiment or Company to which such Officer shall belong; and any Servant of any Officer in His Majesty's Navy, under the Rank of a Matter and Commander in actual Employment, such Servant being borne upon the Books of the Ship to which such Officer shall belong.

Any Boy apprenticed to serve for any Term not exceeding Seven Years, by the Foundling Hospital, the Incorporated Society for promoting English Protestant Schools in Ireland, the Hibernian School for Soldiers* Children, the Hibernian Marine Society or any Society or Charitable Iuftitution in Ireland for the Care and Education of Children, supported in the whole or in part by Public Money or Aifellment.

SCHEDULE (D.) CLERKS AND SHOPMEN.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable annually for any Male Person retained or employed in the several Capacities after mentioned:

For every Male Person employed by any Person inTrade, orexerci(ing any Profession whatever, as a Clerk oi* Book Keeper, or Office Keeper (except Apprentices, for or with whom no Sum, or no Sums higher than Twenty Pounds, has been paid or contracted for as a Fee or Reward), the yearly Sum of -For every Male Person employed by any Person in Trade as a Shopman (except Apprentices as aforesaid), for the Purpose of expof-ing to Sale, or felling Goods, Wares or Merchandize in any Shop or Warehouse, whether by Wholesale or Retail, the yearly Sum of -

jff. /. d.

I

2'O O !

2 0 0

RULES for charging the said Duties.

The said Duties shall be paid by the Person or Persons who shall retain or employ such Male Person or Persons, and shall be paid for every Person who shall be retained or employed in any of the said Capacities, by any Person or Persons, at any time between the Fifth Day of January in any Year, and the Sixth Day of January in the Year following.

SCHE-

A.D. 1818.

58° GEO. III.

C.5 4.

225

SCHEDULE (E.) CARRIAGES.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable annually for or in refpedfc of all Carnages of any of the Descriptions after mentioned. ,

NUMBER OF CARRIAGES. Amount of the Duty.

For Carriages with Four Wheels: £. /. d.

For I such Carriage the annual Sum of .. .. IO o o

2 - 22 O O

3 - 33 o o

5 and upwards - - 45 o o 57 0 0

And for each and every such Carriage exceeding the Number of Five, j §

the further Sum of ----- - 12 O O

And for every additional Body for the same Carriage, the further an-

nual Sum of - 5 5°

For Carriages with less than Four Wheels;

For every such Carriage drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding or

Mule, and no more - - - ... c c o

And for every such Carriage drawn by Two or more Horses, Mares, j j

Geldings or Mules - 900

And for every additional Body for the same Carriage, the further

Sum of- - ..... 3 3 0

For every Car or Carriage fitted up for carrying Persons, commonly

known by the Name of a Jaunting Car, with not more than Two

Wheels, and drawn only by One Horse, Mare, Gelding or Mule 220

RULES for charging the said Duties.

The said Duties shall be respectively charged for every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise Marine, Chaise, Sociable or Caravan, or other Carriage of the like kind, with Four Wheels; and for every Calaih, Chaise Marine, Chaise, Curricle, Chair or Jaunting Car, or Pleasure Car, with less than Four Wheels, or other Carriages of the like kind; and for any Number of such Carriages respectively, which any Person shall have or keep at any time, between the Fifth*Day of January in any Year, and the Sixth Day of January in the Year next following; and which Rates, Duties and Taxes shall be respectively paid by the Person or Persona having or keeping any such Carriage.

Any Person who shall have in his or her Pofsession, Care or Keeping, any Carriage whatever, chargeable with any Rate, Duty or Tax, the Rate, Duty or Tax on which shall not have been charged on or paid by the Owner of such Carriage, shall and may be chargeable and charged with, and shall pay the Rate, Duty and Tax payable for such Carriage, in the same manner as such Owner is or ought to be charged or chargeable for the same; and it shall and may be lawful to collect and levy such Rates, Duties and Taxes of and from , 58 Geo. III. Q every

226

C. 54.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Schedule (E.)—continued. every such Person, in the same manner, and with the like Powers and Authorities, as it would he lawful to collect and levy such Rates, Duties and Taxes, of and from the Owner of such Carriage if the same was in the Possession of such Owner; and Proof of the Payment of the Rate, Duty or Tax for and in respect of such Carriage by the Owner thereof, shall lie on the Person who shall keep or have the same in his or her PofTeflion; and the Person so paying the same for or on behalf of the Owner as aforesaid, shall have a Lien on the said Carriage for the Amount of the Sum which shall have been so paid for or on behalf of such Owner.

EXEMPTIONS and ABATEMENTS from the said Rate, and

Duties.

Stage Coaches, Hackney Coaches, and other Hackney Carriages, Coaches, Chaises and other Carriages kept for Hire by any Innkeeper or Person licensed to let and letting out Horses to travel Post by the Mile, or from Stage to Stage; and such Carriage kept for no other Purpose but to he let for Hire to travel Post by the Mile, or from Stage to Stage, and having the Owner's Name legibly painted on the Outside of the Door Pannel or Shafts of the same, as the Case may be.

Coaches, Chaises or other Carriages kept to be let for Hire, for and in respect whereof any Rate, Duty or Tax applicable to local Purposes in Ireland, shall have been imposed by any Act or Act. of Parliament in force in Ireland; and which Rate, Duty or Tax (hail be annually paid by the Owner.

Carriages kept lor Sale by the Makers thereof, until the same shall have been fold or used.

Any Person who is or shall be duly licensed to carry on the Trade of a Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, and any Person who is or shall be duly licensed to carry on the Trade of felling Carriage, by Au&ion or on Commission, shall not be chargeable with the Rate, Duty or Tax for or in refpeA of any Carriage in the Custody or Pof-feflion of such Coachmaker or Maker or Seller of Carriage, respectively bona side for Sale; nor shall the Owner or Proprietor of any such Carriage be chargeable; provided that every such Carriage shall have been actually delivered into the Manufa&ory of such Coachmaker or Maker or Seller of Carriages on or before the Sixth Day of January in any Year for which such Carriage would be otherwise chargeable, and shall have from thence continually remained there.

Whenever any Person who shall have paid the Duty or Tax .on any Carriage kept by such Person, shall part with such Carriage in the Course of any Year, beginning on the Sixth Day of January, and shall in lieu thereof receive and keep any other Carriage of the like Kind or Description, or any Carriage chargeable with a lower Rate, Duty or Tax than such Person had paid for the Carriage parted with, fhaU not be chargeable with the Rate, Duty or Tax, in respect of such second Carnage so received in lieu of such former one, lor the Year ending the Fifth Day of January next after the receiving of such Second Carriage.

When

A.D. 1818.

58» GEO. III.

C. 54«

227

Schedule ( E.) — continued*

When any Person shall have paid the Rate, Duty or Tax on any Carriage kept by such Person, and shall part with such Carriage in the Course of any Year, beginning on the Sixth Day of January, and shall in lieu thereof receive and keep any Carriage chargeable with a higher Rate, Duty or Tax than such Person had paid for the Carriage which such Person had so parted with, every such Person shall be allowed Credit for the Sum so paid out of the Rate, Duty or Tax chargeable in respect of such Second Carriage so received in lieu of such former one, for the Year ending the Fifth Day of January next after the receiving such Second Carriage; provided that such Person shall not at one and the same time have had or kept both the said Carriages; and it shall and may be lawful for the Coramif-fionera of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three of them, after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and so in like manner after the Fifth Day of January in any subsequent Year, to make any Repayment of the Rates, Duties or 'Taxes which any Person shall have paid or shall pay in respect of any Oiriage which such Person had or shall have or keep in his or her Toflei£>n in the Year ending the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, or in any filblequeat Year ending the Fifth Day of January, upon Proof being made to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners that such Carriage was not in any manner whatever used at any time or times in the Year ending the Fifth Day of January, in respect of which Year such Repayment shall be claimed by such Person; and every such Repayment shall be made at the Difcrerion of the said Commissioners, and in such manner and under such Conditions and Regulations as they or any Three of them shall direct op appoint.

SCHEDULE (F.)

A SCHEDULE of the Rates, Duties and Taxes on Carriages chargeable on and payable by the Makers and Sellers thereof.

For and upon every Carriage chargeable with any Rate, Duty or Tax, which any Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages shall make, build or conftrfld for Sale, and for every Carriage so chargeable which shall be sold by any Person in Ireland, or on Commission, rile several and refpe dive Sums following; that is to say.

For every such Carriage with Four Wheels, the Sum of

For every such Carriage with less than Four Wheels, the Sum of

£. e. d.

i o o o 10 o

To be paid by the Coachmaker or Maker thereof respectively, Au&ioneer or Person felling the same respectively, over and above all Duties on such Sale.

Q*

SCHEDULE

228

C. 54.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

SCHEDULE (G.)

HORSES.

A SCHEDULE of the Rates, Duties and Taxes payable annually for and in respect of all Horses, Mares and Geldings kept by any Person or Persona, for Riding, or for drawing any Carriage chargeable with Duty, at any time between the Fifth Day of January in any Year, and the Sixth Day of January in the Year following.

NUMBER OF HORSES. Duty.

£ S (&

For i such Horse, Mare or Gelding .... 2 2 0

2 - - .... 6 6 o

3'- - 990

4 - - - 16 16 a

5 and upwards - - 21 o o

And for each and every Horse exceeding the Number of Five, the

further Sum of 4 4 0

RULES for charging the said DUTIES.

Any Person who shall have in his or her Possession, Care or Keeping, any Horse, Mare or Gelding whatsoever chargeable with any Rate, Duty or Tax, the Rates, Duties or Taxes on which shall not have been Charged on or paid by the Owner of such Horse, Mare or Gelding, shall and may be chargeable and charged with, and shall pay the Rate, Duty and Tax payable for such Horse, Mare or Gelding, in the same manner as such Owner is chargeable for the same; and it mall and may be lawful to collect and levy such Rates, Duties and Taxes of and from every such Person, in the same manner and with the like Powers and Authorities as it would be lawful to collect and levy such Rates, .Duties and Taxes of and from the Owner of such Horse, -Mare or Gelding, if the same was in the PofTession of such Owner; and Proof of the Payment of the Rate, Duty or Tax for and in re-fpe& of such Horse, Mare or Gelding, by the Owner thereof, shall lie on the Person who shall keep or have the same in his or her Poflcf-fion; and the Person so paying the same for or on behalf of the Owner as aforesaid shall have a Lien on the said Horse, Mare or Gelding, for the Amount of the Sum which shall have been so paid for or on behalf of such Owner.

EXEMPTIONS from the said Rates and Duties.

Race Horses charged in Schedule (H.)

Any Horse, Mare or Gelding under Three Years old.

Any Horse, Mare or Gelding used truly and without Fraud, for the Purpose of Hu(bandry only, on Land occupied by the Owner of such Horse, Mare or Gelding, or for the Purpose of drawing any Waggon, Cart or Carriage not liable to Duty under this Act, or carrying Burthens in the Course of the Trade or Occupation of the Person or Persons to whom such Horse, Mare or Gelding shall belong, although such Horse, Mare or Gelding shall be used for Riding on the Occasion and in the manner hereinafter mentioned; that is to say, when returning from any Place to which any Load oi Burthen shall have, by such Horse, Mare or Gelding, been drawn

or

58 GEO. III.

C. 54.

22 9

Schedule ( G.) — continued. or carried, or when going to any Place from whence any Load or Burthen shall be to be brought back by any such Horse, Mare or Gelding, or for the Purpose of procuring Medical Aflistance, or for the Purpose.of going to and from Market, or to or from any Place of Public Worftiip, or to or from any Election of any Member to serve in Parliament, or to or from any Court of Justice; provided such Horse, Mare or Gelding /hall not on any Occalion be used for any other Purpose.

One Horse, Mare or Gelding used by any Person occupying a Farm, and making a Livelihood solely thereby, or by any Ecde-fiaftical Person not pofTefTed of an annual Iucome of One hundred Pounds or upwards, whether arising from any Ecclesiastical Preferment or otherwise, such Persons respectively not having or keeping any other Horse, Mare or Gelding for Riding, or for drawing any Carriage chargeable with anv Duty under this Act.

One Horse, Mare or Gelding used by any Person enrolled or to be enrolled and serving in any troop of Yeomanry Cavalry in Ireland, who Shall have attended on Horseback One half at least of the Number of Days appointed for him to exercise or to be on Duty in the Year, and who mall produce a Certificate from the Commanding Officer or Permanent Serjeant of such Attendance.

SCHEDULE (H.)

RACE HORSES.

A SCHEDULE of the Rate, Duty and Tax payable annually for and in refpeA of Race Horses kept by any Person at any time between the Fifth Day of January in any Year, and the Sixth Day of January in the Year following.

For every Horse, Mare or Gelding bona side kept for the Purpose £. /. d. only of racing or running for any Plate, Prize or Sum of Money, or other thing, or kept in training for any of the said Purposes, whether in the Stable of the Proprietor or Proprietors, or of any other Person or Persons - - - - 2176

-— -----------------------v-—-—---------------------------------------

Any Person who shall have in his PofTeflion, Care or Keeping, any such Race Horse, the Rate, Duty or Tax on which Shall not have been charged or paid by the Owner of such Race Horse, shall and may be chargeable and charged with, and shall pay the Rate, Duty ana Tax payable for such Race Horse, in the lame manner as fuen Owner is or ought to be charged or chargeable for the same; and it shall and may be lawful to collect and levy such Rates, Duties and Taxes of and from every such Person, in the same manner and with the like Powers and Authorities as it would be lawful to collect and levy such Rates, Duties and Taxes of and from the Owner of such Race Horse, if the same was in the PofTeflion of such Owner; and Proof, of the Payment of the Rate, Duty or Tax, for and in refpeA of such Race Horse, by the Owner thereof, shall keep or have the same in his or her PofTeflion; and the Person so paying the same for or on behalf of the Owner as aforesaid shall have a Lien on the said Race Horse for the Amount of the Sum that Shall have been so paid by him or her.

Q 3

SCHEDULE

230

C. 54.

58° GEO. IIL

A, D.1818.

SCHEDULE (I.) DOGS.

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable annually for or in respect of Doga kept by any Person at any time between the Fifth Day of January in any Year, and the Sixth Day of January in the Year following.

For every Greyhound kept by any Person, whether the same be his or her Property, or the Property of any other Person or Persons For every Hound, Pointer or Setting Dog, Spaniel, Terrier or Lurcher, where only one such Dog is kept - -

For every Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Terrier or Lurcher, and for every other Dog where any Person shall keep Two or more Dogs, of what Description or Denomination the same may be, except Greyhounds, whether the same may be the Property of him, her or them, or of any other Person or Persons For every Dog not being a Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Terrier or Lurcher, kept by any Person Having one such Dog and no more, whether the lame be the Property of him, her or them, or the Property of any other Person or Persons, the annual Sum of

I o o on 6

o 14 o

080

Any Person who shall have in his or her PoflefOon, Care or Keeping, any Dog whatever chargeable with the said Rate, Duty or Tax, the Rate, Duty or Tax on which shall not have been charged on or paid by the Owner of such Dog, shall and may be chargeable and charged with, and shall pay the Rate, Duty and Tax payable for such Dog, in the same manner as such Owner is or ought to be charged or chargeable for the same; and it shall and may be lawful to collect and levy such Rates, Duties and Taxes of and from every such Person, in the same manner and with the like Powers and Authorities aa it would be lawful to collect and levy such Rates, Duties and Taxes of and from the Owner of such Dog, if the same was in the Possession of such Owner; and Proof of the Payment of the Rate, Duty or Tax for and in respect of such Dog, by the Owner thereof shall lie on the Person who shall keep or have the same in his or her PofTeflion; and the Person so paying the same for or on behalf of the Owner as aforesaid shall have a Lien on the said Dog for the Amount of the Sum that shall have been so paid for or on behalf of such Owner.

EXEMPTIONS.

Any Dog or Whelp under the Age of Six Calendar Months.

All Dogs kept by any Person who shall, in respect of the fevtral Dogs kept by such Person in each Year, pay the full Sum of Twenty Pounds British Currency, by way of Composition, for all such Doga, before the twenty fourth Day of June in each Year.

Any Dog, not being a Hound, Greyhound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Terrier or Lurcher, kept by the Occupier of any House not subject to any Tax with respect to Hearths or Windows, who shall keep one such Dog, and no more.

CAP.

58° GEO. III

C. 55, 56.

231

CAP. LV.

An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of. July One thousand ie eight hundred and nineteen. Two Acts of the Fifty fourth

Year of His present Majesty, for repealing the Duties of Customs on Madder imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof. [lft June 1818.]

€ WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty fourth Year of

* VV His present Majesty1 s Reign, intituled sin AS for repealing

4 tie Duties of Customs on Madder imported into Great Britain, and 4 for other Duties in lieu thereof to continue in force until the

4 Fifth Day of January One thousand eight huruired and seventeen s 4 And Whereas another Act was passed in the same Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to reQify a Mistake in an AQ of the present 4 Sejpon of Parliament for repealing the Duties of Customs on Madder 4 imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu 4 thereof: And Whereas an Act was passed in the Fifty lixth Year

* of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to continue, until 4 the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and € eighteen, Two Acts of the Fifty fourth Tear of His present Majesty,

* for repealing the Duties of Customs on Madder imported into 1 Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and

*which was continued by an Act of the present Session of Parlia-

; 4 ment until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and

* eighteen: And Whereas it is expedient that the said first recited i 4 Act, as altered by the second recited Act, Should be further con-

' tinued$' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, ill this present Parliament assembled,

: *and by the Authority of the same. That the said first recited Act, as amended by the said second recited Aft% shall be further continued from the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, to the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen*

CAP. LVI.

An Act to make perpetual an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an additional Bounty on the Exportation of the Silk Manufactures of Great Britain.

[ill June 1818.]

4 WHEREAS it is expedient that an Act made in the Forty 4 VV sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Ad 4 for grantingf during the Continuance of the present War, and until

* Six Months after the Ratification of a definitive Treaty of Peace, an 4 additional Bounty on the Exportation of the. Silk Manufactures of 4 Great Britain, which was continued by an Act of the Taft Session 4 of Parliament until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight

* hundred and eighteen, Should be made perpetualBe it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the said Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign shall be and the same is hereby made perpetual.

Q 4 CAP.

54 0.3. c.a6.

54G.3.C. 17.

56 0.3.5.69.

First recited Act, as amend, ed, continued.

46 G.3. c.110.

made perpetual.

232

C. 57.

58o GEO.IIL

A. D. 1818.

55 G.3.C.19.

11.

§3*

45 0-3* c.50. §*9-

47 O 3- Scff.a. c. 12.

«I4'

CAP. LVII.

An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for granting Duties of Excise in Ireland upon certain Licences, and for securing the Payment of such Duties and the regulating the issuing of such Licences.

[ift June 1818.]

* Y T7HEREAS in and by an Act made in the Fifty fifth Year 4 VY of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An A3 to grant 4 certain Duties of Excise upon Licences for the Sale of Spirituous 4 and other Liquors by Retails and upon Licences to Persons dealing 4 in Excise able Commodities in Ireland, in lieu of the Stamp Duties 4 payable upon such Licences, and to secure the Payment of such Excise 4 Duties, and to regulate the issuing of such Licences, and to discourage 4 the immoderate Use of Spirituous Liquors in Ireland, the federal 4 Acts therein recited for regulating amongst other things Licences 4 for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail in Ireland 4 are repealed, save as therein mentioned, and alio save and except 4 such Clauses, Regulations and Provisions in the said several Acts 4 or any of them as were in force immediately before the passing of 4 the said recited Act of the Fifty fifth Year aforesaid, in any way 4 relating to or concerning Persons licensed in Ireland as Grocers, 4 with respect to their having or obtaining Licences to fell Spirituous 4 or other Liquors by Retail, all which last mentioned Clauses, Re-4 gulations, and Provisions are, by the said recited Act of the Fifty 4 fifth Year aforesaid, directed to be and continue in force as to such 4 Grocers, and to be applied to such Grocers, with respect to the 4 Duties and Regulations in the said recited Act contained, as if the 4 same were repeated and re-enafted in the said Act: And Whereas 4 by One of the said Acts in force in Ireland at the time of the 4 pa fling of the said Act of the Fifty fifth Year aforesaid, that is to 4 fay, *by an Act made in the Forty fifth Year of His present 4 Majesty's Reign, intituled An A3 for regulatirig Licences for the 4 Sale of Spirituous Liquors, 1Vinef Beert Ale and Cyder, by Retail* 4 and for discouraging the immoderate Use of Spirituous Liquors in 4 Ireland, it is amongst other things enacted, that no Person exer-4 ciliug by himself, or any'Person for his Use or Benefit, the Trade 4 or Business of a Grocer, or ivho shall be licensed as a Grocer, or 4 in whose House, or in any Building occupied by him or her, or 4 any House or Building adjoining thereto, and which shall commu-4 nicate with such House or Building, the Trade or Bufitiefs of a 4 Grocer shall be carried on, shall be capable of receiving a Licence 4 to fell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Cyder, by Retail:

4 And Whereas by ope other of the said Acts in force in Ireland at 4 the time of the passing of the said Act of the Fifty fifth Year, that 4 is to say, by an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His 4 Majesty's Reign, intituled An A3 to make further Regulations with 4 refpeS to Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors by 4 Retail in Ireland, it is amongst other things enacted and pro-4 vided, that any Grocer or Person exercising the Trade or Bufmefs 4 of a Grocer, who shall be licensed as a Grocer in any Place where 4 the Duty to be paid for a Licence to fell Spirituous or other 4 Liquors by Retail shall not be less than Twenty two Pounds,

4 should

58* GEO. III.

C. 57.

233

4 should be capable of being licensed in such Place to retail Spirit* 4 uous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, Porter, Cyder or Perry, or 4 Metheglin or Mead; provided that it should not be lawful for

* such Grocer or Person aforesaid, having a Licence for retailing

* Spirituous or other Liquors, to fell any Spirituous Liquors in any

* Quantity less than Two reputed Quarts, nor to fell any Spirituous 4 Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin

* or Mead, to be consumed in the House, Outhouse, Building,

* Hut, Tent or Place whatever, occupied by such Grocer or Person

* aforesaid: And Whereas by one other of the said A As in force in

* Ireland at the time of the passing of the said A A of the Fifty fifth

* Year aforesaid, that is to say, by an AA made in the Fifty third

* Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend the several 4 A8s for regulating Licences for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, 4 Wine> Beer, Ale and Cyder, by Retail in Ireland, it is amongst

* other things enacted, that whenever any such Licence to retail

* Spirituous Liquors should be required by such Grocer or other 4 Person, it should be lawful to grant such Licence to such Grocer,

* in Places where the Duty on such Licences is Forty Pounds, 4 upon Payment by such Grocer or Person of the Sum of Thirty

* Pounds only; ajd in Places where the Duty on such Licences is 4 Thirty three Pounds, upon Payment by such Grocer or other

* Person of the Sum of Twenty five Pounds only 5 and in Places 4 where the Duty on such Licences is Twenty two Pounds, upon

* Payment by such Grocer or other Person of the Sum of Seventeen

* Pounds only: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Regulations and P^visions in the said recited AAs of the Forty fifth,

* Forty fiventh and Fifty third Years, relating to Grocers, should

* be repealed 5' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament alsembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, the said hereinbefore recited Regulations and Provisions in the said recited AAs of the Forty fifth. Forty seventh and Fifty third Years aforesaid, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this A A, any Grocer or Person who shall be licensed as a Grocer, shall be capable of being licensed in any Place in Ireland to fell Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail; and that it shall and may be lawful for every such Grocer so licensed, who shall pay the full Rate or Amount of Duty payable by any Person on such Licence for felling Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail, under the said recited AA of the Fifty fifth Year aforesaid, to fell Spirituous Liquors in any Quantity less than Two reputed Quarts, any tling in any AA or AAs to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for any such Grocer so licensed, nor shall any such Licence authorize any such Grocer to fell any Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder or Periy, Metheglin or Mead, to be confumed* in any House, Outhouse, Building, Hut, Tent or Place whatever, occupied by such Grocer; and if any such licensed Grocer shall fell any such Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, to be consumed in any House, Outhouse or Building, Hut, Tent or

Place

53 G.3.C.137.

§ 4*

45 0- 3- c-jo. 47 G. 3* SefT. 2. c. 12. and 53 G- 3. c.137. relating to Grocers, repealed.

Licensed Grocer^ may be licensed to fell Spirts by Retail, but not to be consumed in their Houses.

C.57.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Penalty l'cL

Duty not to be less than what is payable under the Schedule of recited Act 55 G. 3. c. 19.

Grocers having Licences to pay such additional Sum as may be necessary to make up the whole Duty payable under such Schedule, See-and the further Sum of is. in the Pound on the Amount thereof.

Penalty iol. Officer mav enter Premtfes, in the Day time, and demand a View of Licence, and report if no licence produced.

Dtftrefs for Amount of Li* cence Duty, Ac.

Place whatever, occupied by such Grocer, contrary to this Act, such Grocer shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall not be lawful for any Grocer to be licensed to (efi Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail, upon Payment of any less Duty than is payable under the Schedule to the said recited A ft of the Fifty fifth Year afore said annexed, upon Licences to fell Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail in the Place for which such Licence shall be granted: Provided always, that if any Grocer who shall have any Licence to fell Spirituous Liquors by Retail in force at the time of the passing of this Act, and who, under the Provisions of the said recited Acts hereby repealed, or any of them, shall have paid, on the taking out of such Licence, any Sum of Money lefii than the full Duty specified in the said Schedule, shall, at any time after the passing of this Act, pay such additional Sum as shall make the whole Duty paid by such Perlbn amount to the full Duty payable on such Licence under the said recited Act of the Fifty fifth Year aforesaid, and the Schedule thereto annexed, together with the further Sum of One Shilling in the Pound on the Amount of such additional Sum, every such Grocer who shall make such Payment, but not otherwise, shall be authorized, during the time such Licence shall continue in force, to fell Spirituous Liquors in any Quantity less than Two reputed Quarts, any thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding 5 and if any Grocer so having any Licence for the retailing of Spirituous Liquors in force at the time of the passing of this Act, but who shall not pay such further Duty or Sum Aforesaid, shall fell any Spirituous Liquors in any less Quantity than Two reputed Quarts, every such Grocer shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer of Excise to enter in the Day time into any House, Shop, Storehouse, Workhouse, Manufastory, or other Place, of any Person or Persons who shall deal in; retail, make, fell or keep, or expose for Sale, any of the respective Articles or things, or exercise or carry on any Trade, Occupation or Calling, for the exercising or carrying on of which a Licence is by Law required, and to demand the View of the proper Licence to such Person; and if a proper Licence in force shall not be produced, such Officer shall report the same to the Collector of Excise of the District or other Officer in Charge of the Collection of such District; and thereupon, and if such Person shall not have applied for and obtained such Licence when such Demand shall have born made, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector or other Officer so in Charge as aforesaid, to issue his Warrant under his Hand and Seal td empower any Person or Persons to take and distrain all Goods and Chattels found in such House, Shop, Storehouse, Workhouse, Manufactory or other Place belonging to such Person, and to cause the same to be sold by Public Auction, giving Six Days' previous Notice thereof, (unlefs the same shall be redeemed before such Sale shall have taken place, ) by Payment as hereinafter mentioned, save as to the Costs of the Sale j and if after Payment of the full Amount of the Duty payable on such Licence, together with the Sum of One Shilling m the Pound thereon, and the Costs and Expences of such taking, distraining and

*12 Sale

58° GEO, 1IL

C.57.

235

Sale thereof, there shall be any Surplus of the Produce arising from the Sale thereof, such Surplus shall be forthwith tendered and paid to such Person or his Representatives, and thereupon the Collector or other Officer aforesaid shall, if the Party against whom such Warrant shall have been issued, desire the same, and shall be duly entitled thereto, grant him a Licence for carrying on such Trade without further Request.

V. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend in any manner to repeal or affect any of the Clauses, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Pro-visions, Matters or things contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the time of the Commencement of this Act, relating to or in respect of any Licences granted under the Authority of the Commifliooers of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, except where the same is or are expressly repealed by this Act; and that, except as aforesaid, all such Clauses, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Pro-visions. Matters and things shall be and remain in full Force and Effect, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had not been made, and shall be applied in the Execution of this Act as fully and effcdually as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in this Act, and that the said Acts and this Act shall be construed together as one Ad, so far as the same are compatible and confident with each other*

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act, shall be paid and recovered in British Currency, and shall and may be sued for and recovered, levied and applied, in such manner and Form, and by such Ways and Means, and with such Powers and Authorities, as are prefcnbed, directed and appointed in and by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland, in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charlet the Second, intituled An Act for the settling of the Excise or new Imdoft upon Hie Majesty, Hie Heire and Succejfore, according to the Bool of Rates therein inserted, or in and by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An A3 to providefor the better Execution of the several ABs relating to the Revenues, Matters and things under the Management of the CommiJJtonere of Cujlome and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise, and Taxes, in Ireland, or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, ' as if the same were particularly mentioned and ex-prefled and re-enacted in this Act, with like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parlies who shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said Acts, or any Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to His Majesty*e Revenue of Excise, is provided.

And thereupon Licence may be granted.

Proviso for other Acts, except where hereby altered.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

Irish Act,

14 A 15 C. %. 46 G. 3, c.106.

AppML

CAP.

C. 58.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Paymaster allowed disem-bodied Pay.

Oath.

Residence of certain Officers to be where Arms of the Corps are kept.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing and Contingent Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain: and for granting Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Surgeons' Mates, and Serjeant Majors of Militia, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen. [ift June 1818.3

[This A3 is the same as 57 G. 3. c. 102, except as to Dates, as to the SeQions that are here retained, and as to the Title, ]

II. Provided always and be it further enacted, That any Paymaster of disembodied Militia, beiug on Naval or Military Half Pay, or being entitled to any Allowance as having served in any of His Majesty's Regular Foroes, or Navy or Marines, shall and may and he is hereby empowered to receive and take the aforesaid Rates of disembodied Pay, (videlicet) Six Shillings, Five Shillings or Four Shillings per Diem, as the case may be, and the receiving and taking such Kates of disembodied Pay as aforesaid shall not preveut such Paymaster on Half Pay, or being entitled to any such Allowance, from receiving his Half Pay or such Allowance, and such .Paymaster shall take the following Oath before some Justice of the Peace, who is hereby empowered to administer the same.

* T A, B. do swear I had not between the

* A and the any Place or Employment

* of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, besides my Allow-

* ance of Half Pay as a reduced in His Majesty1*

* Navy (or in the Marines, or in*late Regiment of

*)or Allowance as in

' late Troop of Horse Guards, or ( Regiment of

1 Horse reduced), save and except my disembodied Pay (of Six

* Shillings, Five Shillings, or Four Shillings, as the case may he, )

* as Paymaster of the Militia.1

And the taking the said Oath shall be sufficient to entitle such Paymaster to receive his Half Pay or the said Allowance without taking any other Oath; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

* III. And be it further enacted, That every Adjutant, Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster, Non Commissioned Officer and Drummer of Regular Militia, when disembodied, shall be constantly resident within the City, Town or Place where the Arms of the Corps to which such Officers belong are kept, or within such reasonable Distance of the Depot as shall be sanctioned by the Secretary at War: Provided always, that every such Adjutant, Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster, Non Commissioned Officer or Drummer, shall forfeit his Pay for any Period during which he (hail be absent, except when absent by Leave from the Colonel or Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, which Leave shall not extend beyond Three Calendar Months in One Year, except in case of certified Sickness, nor to a greater Proportion than One third of the Non Commissioned Officers and Drummers at the same time, or beyond such Period of Three Months, except in case of Sickness.

IX. And

A.D.1818. 58° GEO. III. C. 58, 50.

IX. And be it further enabled, That the Subaltern Officers and Surgeons' Mates of the Militia who shall claim under the Authority of this Act to receive any Part of the said Allowances, shall previous to receiving the same, and in order to entitle themselves thereto, take and subscribe an Oath before some one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in the United Kingdom, in the Words or to the Effect following; (videlicet, )

4 J A. B. do swear, That I belonged to the

" of Militia when the same was disembodied, and that I have con-

* tinued to serve therein from that time until the'Day

€ of inclusive, as a Lieutenant, Ensign or Surgeon's

€ Mate (as the case may be}; and that I was not in my own Right

* or in Right of my Wife, during the said Period, in the aftual

* Poffession and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of

* Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments of such an annual Value

* above Reprizes as would qualify me to hold a Commission of

* Captain of a Company in the Militia; that I have not during the ' above Period held the Appointment of Adjutant, Surgeon, Pay-

* matter or Quartermaster in any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of ' Militia; that I did not hold or enjoy, nor did any Person for me

* hold or enjoy, during the said Period, any Office or Income whaf-

* soever from the Public, or from any other Government, except my

4 Half Pay as a of the Army, Navy, Marines,

4 or of a Provisional Battalion formed from the Militia (as the case 4 may be). So help me GOD.*

Which Oath so taken and subscribed shall be produced to the Pay-matter of the Regiment of Militia by the Subaltern Officer or Surgeon's Mate claiming the Allowance.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That every reduced Adjutant entitled to any Allowance under the said Act* of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year aforesaid, or any subsequent Acts continuing such Allowance, or this Act, may receive and take such Allowance together with any Full Pay, Half Pay or Allowance which was tenable together with such reduced Allowance under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending and reducing into one AS of Parliament the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, or under the Provisions of the aforesaid Acts of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty s Provided always, that no such reduced Adjutant shall be entitled to receive any Allowance under this Act during the time he shall hold any Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, other than such as aforesaid,

CAP. LIX.

An Act for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace. [ift June 1818.]

[This AS is the same as 57 G. 3. c. 103. except as to Dates.'}

237

The following Oath to be taken to entitle to such Allowances.

Reduced Adjutants may take such Allowance with any Fay or other Allowance to which they may be entitled. *6 O.3. c. 107.

CAP.

238

C. 60.

58° GEO. IIL

A.D.1816.

Irish Act, 37 3*

43 G- 3- c.44-

further con-trailed.

CAP. LX.

An Act to continue, until Three Months after the ceasing of any Restriction imposed on the Bank of England from issuing Ca(h in Payment, the several Acts for confirming and continuing the Restrictions on Payments in Cash by the Baok of Ireland. [lit June 1818.]

4 TIJ HE REAS by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland m 4 W the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His prefeot 4 Majesty, intituled An A3 for confirming and continuing for a limited 4 time the RefiriSions contained in the Minute of Council of the Second 4 Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety from, on 4 Payments in Cq/h by the Bank, it is amongst other things enacted,

4 that it shall not be lawful for the Governor and Company of the f Bank of Ireland to issue any Cash in Payment of any Debt or De-' mand whatever, except according to the Provision therein contained;

4 and that the said Act shall be in force and have Continuance until 4 Three Months after the Restriction imposed by an Act of the Parliament of Great Britain otr the Governor and Company of the 4 Bank of England from ifilling Cash in Payment, shall cease, unlefii 4 the Lord Lieutenant and Privy Council of Ireland should bj an 4 Order of Council direct that the said Restriction on the Governor 4 and Company of the Bank of Ireland should (boner cease: And 4 Whereas by an Act passed in the Parliament of the United Kingdom,

4 in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, the said 4 recited Act of the Parliament of Ireland was amended and further 4 continued; and by Four Acts, made in the Forty fourth. Fifty 4 fourth, Fifty fifth and Fifty sixth Years of His present Majesty's 4 Reign, ' both the said recited Acts of the Thirty seventh and Forty 4 third Years aforesaid were further continued: And Whereas it»

4 expedient to continue for a further time the said recited Acts of the 4 Thirty seventh and Forty third Years aforesaid : * May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts of the Thirty seventh and Forty third Years of His present Majesty's Reign shall nave Continuance until the Expiration of Three Calendar Months next after any Restriction imposed or to be imposed by any Act made or to be made in this present Session of Parliament on the Governor and Company of the Bank of | England, from issuing Cash in Payments, shall cease, unless the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors and the Privy Council of Ireland shall by an Order in Council direct that the said Restriction on the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland shall sooner cease.

58o GEO. III.

C. 61.

239

CAP. LXL

An Act for the better Accommodation of His Majesty's Packets within the Harbour on the North Side of the Hill of Htnuth, and for the better Regulation of the Shipping therein. [ift June 1818.]

' WHEREAS the Harbour on the North Side of the Hill of 4 VV Howtb9 near Dublin, has been improved and nearly com*

4 pleted at the Public Expence, chiefly for the Accommodation and 4 safe lying of His Majesty's Packets: And Whereas great Incon-* venience may arise from the occaftonal crowded State of the 4 Harbour, and the Want of Regulation in mooring the Vessels 4 thereinBe it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing Lord Lieutenant of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or empowered to other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, *^PP'nt Harbour from time to time to appoint a Person to act as Harbour Master «* nlrhour within the said Harbour, and to remove any Harbour Master so appointed, and to appoint another in his Room or Stead, with such Salary or Allowance as to the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors shall seem fitting and expedient, to be paid in like manner as the Salaries of any Officers appointed by the Commissioners for carrying into Execution an Act of the Fiftieth Year of 50 0.3. c.71. His present Majesty's Reign, for improving and completing the said Harbour, and rendering it a fit Situation for His Majesty's Packets.

II. And be it further enacted. That every such Harbour Master Power of Rar. shall have full Power and Authority to direct the mooring, unmooring, bour Master. proving and removing of all Ships or other Vessels coining into, or lying, or being in the said Harbour or any Part thereof, or any Place being within the Distance of Five hundred Yards of the Entrance or Mouth of the said Harbour, and to appoint and regulate the time or times and the manner of their Entrance into, lying in, or going out of or from such Harbour, save and except in stormy or tempestuous Weather, and to regulate and determine the Position of such Ships and other Vessels; and m case any Owner, Master or other Person having Refusing &c. to the Charge or Command of any such Ship or other Vessel, shall refute moor, &c. *c-or neglect to moor, unmoor, place, move or remove his Ship or Vessel c^?Dg tof j?" according to such Direction, immediately when Notice to him or them bou^jJiifttr*** shall be given, or left with any Person or Persons on board of such Ship or Vefliel for that Purpose, eveiy such Owner, Master or other Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not ex- Penalty, ceeding Ten Pounds j and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Harbour Master and his Assistants, and he or his Assistants are hereby required, to moor, unmoor, place, move or remove such Ship and Vessel accordingly; and in case any Master, Commander, Mate, Obftrudmg Pilot or other Person or Persons taking Charge or Command of any mooring, &c. Ship or other Vessel, or any other Person or Persons whosoever, shall obftru& or hinder the mooring, unmooring, placing, moving or removing of any{Ship or other Vessel lying or being in the said Harbour, or being within the Distance of Five hundred Yards of the Entrance or Mouth of the said Harbour, then and in every such case such Person

or

586 GEO. III.

Penalty. CommiHi oners under 50 G. 3. c. 7». may fell Lands veiled in them nor necef-fary for Pur-pofei of Act, wich Consent of Lord Lieutenant. *

Recovery of Penalties.

50 0.3. e. no.

further continued.

45 O. 3, c. v 28.

C. 61j 62.

A.D. 1818.

or Persona so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioner8 appointed for the Execution of the Ad. of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for improving and completing the said Harbour, with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to fell or demise any Part of any Land or Ground vested in the said Commissioners, and which shall not be required for the Purposes of the said Act, to any Person or Persons willing to purchase the same, or to take the same on Lease, for the Purpose.of erecting thereon any House or Hqufes for the Residence of the said Harbour Mailer, or of any Officers of Customs or Excise Rationed at the said Harbour, or for such other Purpose relative to the said Harbour as such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors shall from time to time authorize, direct or appoint.

IV. And be it further enacted, That.all Penalties to be ineuired under this Act shall be recovered in a summary manner, before any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Dublin, by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels; and in.case no sufficient Distress can be had, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice of the Peace to commit the Person or Persona so offending to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the said County, for any time not exceeding Six Calendar Months) or until such Fine shall be paid.

CAP. LXII.

An Act to continue, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, Two Acts of His present Majesty, allowing the bringing of Coals, Culm and Cinders to London and Westminster. [ift June 1818.]

* TT A HE REAS an Act was passed in the Fiftieth Year of the

* W Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to allovot 4 until the Ftrjl Day of August One thousand eight hundred and 4 eleven, the bringing of Coals, Culm and Cinders to London and 4 Westminster by Inland Navigation, which was continued by several ' subsequent Acts until the First Day of August One thousand eight

* hundred and eighteen, and it is expedient that the Ad ftiould be 4 further continued Be it therefore enacted by The King's Mofl Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the said Act shall be and the same is hereby further continued, from the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

4 II. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of 4 the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for allovoingt 4 under certain Restrictions, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fix, the bringing a limited Quantity of Coals,

4 Culm or Cinders to London and Westminster by Inland Navi-4 gat ion t certain Duties were imposed on all Coals, Culm or Cinders 4 brought along the Grand Junction or Paddington Canals nearer to 4 London than the Stone or Poll thereby required to be erected and

maintained.

58o GEO. III.

241

C. 62, 63.

4 maintained, on or near to the Towing Path of the said Grand 4 JunBion Canal, at or near the North East Point of Grove Park,

* and contiguous to the Wharf then in the Possession and Occupation 4 of the Earl of Clarendon s And Whereas the Amount of the said

* Duties was altered by three Acts of the Forty sixth, Forty seventh

* and Forty eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty: 4 And Whereas by Schedule A. annexed to an AA passed in the 4 Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 4 An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs chargeable in 4 Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof other < Duties are imposed in lieu thereof upon the said limited Quantity 4 of Coals, Culm and Cinders, under the Conditions, Regulations 4 and ReftriAions of the said first recited A A: And Whereas the 4 said recited A As were further continued by several subsequent AAs 4 until the First day of August One thousand eight hundred and 4 eighteen: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Acts should

* be further continued ; * Be it therefore enacted, That the said first recited A A of the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relates to the Conditions, Regulations and ReftriAions under which the said limited Quantity of Coals* Culm and Cinders may be brought within One Year by the said Grand JunBion and Paddington Canals nearer to London than the said Stone or Post, and the said recited A A of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty regarding the Amount of the Duties chargeable thereon and the Appropriation thereof, shall be and the same are hereby further continued until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

CAP. Lxm.

An A & to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, to permit the Importation of Tobacco from any Place whatever.

[3d June 18 x 8.]

* WHEREAS the Law hereinafter mentioned has by Expe-4 W rience been found useful and beneficial, and it is expedient 4 that the same should be revived and further continued; 1 Be it therefore enacted by The King's Moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an AA made in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 to permit, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven% the Importation of Tobacco into Great Britain from, any Place what-ever, and which said AA was by several subsequent A As continued until the Twenty.fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, shall be and the same is hereby revived and further continued, from the said Twenty fifth Day of l\farch One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

49O.3.C.98.

45 G.3. c.is8» as to Coals brought by Canal, and 49 O.3. c. 98. rcfpe&tng Duty, continued.

49 G. 3. c. *5.

continued.

58 Geo. III.

R

C A Pi

242

C. 64.

58° GEO.IIL

A, D. 1818.

54 O. 3.C.93. €

$45-

§46.

repealed*

Payment of Prixe Money an Orders confined to Treasurer and Clerk of the Cheque of Greenwich Hospital.

Agents to pay only on personal Application.

Penalty jot

Orders made by Non Commif-4toned Officers, &c. to be in Form set forth in Schedule A. with the Certificate marked B.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act to make further Regulations respecting the Payment of Navy Prize Money, and to authorize the Governors of Greenwich Hospital to pay over certain Shares of Prize Money due to Ruffian Seamen to His Excellency the Ruffian Ambassador. [3d June 1818.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for regn-< lai'tng the Payment of Navy Print Money, and the Tranfmifffom of < Accounted and Payment of Balances to Greenwich Hospital: And*Whereas it is expedient that Navy Prize Agents should, during*the Three Months in which they are by the Laws now in force*directed to distribute Navy Prize or Bounty Money, Grants or*other Allowances of Money to Officers, Non Commissioned Officers, *Seamen and Marines, pay the Shares of such Non Commissioned < Officers, Seamen and Marines, upon their personal Application«only; and that the Payment upon Orders and written Authcv*rities should be confined to the Treasurer and Clerk of the Check*of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich: And Whereas*it is also expedient to make further Provisions refoefting Navy ' Prize Money : * Be it enacted by The King's MToft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty as directs or authorizes the Payment by any Navy Prize Agent of any Prize or Bounty Money, Grants or other Allowances of Money, upon Orders made by Non Commissioned Officers, Stamen and Marines, shall be and is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Payment of Prize Money upon Orders shall be confined to the Treasurer and Clerk of the Check of Greenwich Hospital, and that no Agent or Agents appointed for the Distribution of any Navy Prize or Bounty Money, Grant or other Allowances of Money, whether arising from or given in consequence of conjunft Expeditions or Services by the Navy only, shall pay any Share or Shares of the Non Commissioned Officers, Seamen or Marines, or Supernumeraries, entitled thereto, upon any Order or Letter of Attorney, or other written Power or Authority whatsoever, but shall pay the same to the said Non Commissioned Officers, Seamen, Marines and Supernumeraries, upon their respective personal Applications only, upon pain of forfeiting, for eveiy Payment made otherwise than as above dirested, the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered by and in the Name of. the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all Orders made by Non Commissioned Officers, Seamen and Marines, and others entitled to Prize or Bounty Money, Grants or other Allowances of Money in the Nature thereof, shall be in the Form or to the Effect set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (A.), and shall contain in the Body of such Orders an exact Account of the Money and Goods advanced by the Person

in

A k

58° GEO. III*

G«4.

243

in whole Favour such Order is made, to the Perfoo making the fane j and a Certificate shall be printed upon every Paper containing such Order according to the Form or to the Effect set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed marked (B.), and shall be duly filled up and attested as directed at the Foot of the said Schedule; and the Treasurer and Clerk of the Check of the said Hospital shall pay upon everr such Order, out of the Money belonging to the Person making the same, so much as shall appear to be due to the Payee named therein, with legal Intereff thereon and no more.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall 0rden to bear knowingly mfert or cause to be inserted in any Order for the Payment ^ate the *** of Prize Money, Bounty Money, Grants or other Allowances of

Money, payable by the Commimonera and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, or by their Treasurer, any otner Date than the Day on which die said Order shall be executed, or shall knowingly present or utter any Order bearing any false Date as aforesaid, such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and punished accordingly. Mififcmosoor.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Product false really entitled to Prize or Bounty Money, Pension Money, Grant or Certificate, &c. other Allowance of Money, on account of Services on board of any

Ship or Vessel, shall by the Production of any false Certificate, or ^Mnorfxc.*" by making any false Representation, obtain or endeavour to obtain from the (kid Royal Hospital the said Prize or Bounty Money,

Pension Money or other Allowance of Money so due to him as afore*

said, such Person or Persons shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall forfeit all Prize or Bounty Money, Pension Money, Grant or other Allowance of Money, due to him on account of his said Services.

VI. And be it further enacted. That the Proceeds of all Seizures Proceeds of made by Revenue Cruisers, or other Vessels employed in the Service s*re/.# of the Revenue, but under Admiralty Orders, shall be subject to

the same Rules, Laws and Regulations with respect to forfeited and pr*e Money, unclaimed Shares, as Prize and Bounty Money are liable to under thia Ad, or any other Acts which shall be in force at the passing of this Act relating to Prize and Bounty Money.

4 VII. And Whereas it is expedient that the Payment of Bills for

* Out Pensions, heretofore, by an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year 56 0.3. c.101.

of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for enabling the 4 Officers in His Majesty's Navy, and their Representatives, to draw 4 for and receive their Half Pay; and for transferring the Duty of 4 making certain Payments from the Clerk of the Check at His 4 May Ay's Dock Tards to the Clerks of the Treasurer of the Navy 4 at the same Tardst authorized and directed to be made by the 4 Clerks to the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, should be autho-4 rized to be made by the Deputy or Deputies of the Treasurer 4 of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich in the County of

4 Kent : * Be it enacted. That from and after the passing of this Act, Payment of Bills all Bills drawn by the Paymaster of Pensions at the said Royal HoL for Cut Pensions pital, or under his Authority, for the Payment of Out Pensions, may I! be directed to and paid by any Deputy or Deputies to the Treasurer Jh.

of the (kid Royal Hospital; and that all and every the Clauses, Treasurer. Provisions, Pains, Penalties and Regulations contained and now in force with respect to such Payments of Pensions, when made or

R 2 direded

2*4-

C.64^

580 geo. nr.

A.D. 1S18.

Certificates on Bills drawn by Trtaiiirer, 8cc. to bf attested by Deputy only.

Agents to fend Lifts of Order* received from Non Cooomif-fioned Officers, Sec. to the distributing Agent.

Shares due under such Order* to be paid over with unclaimed Shares to Be refunded by Treasurer i Ac.

dire&ed to be made by the said Clerks of the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, shall be applicable and applied to the Payment* of Pensions, made or directed or authorized to be made by the Deputy or Deputies of the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital, as fully and effectually as if the same were herein and hereby repeated and re-ena&ed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the paffing' of this Act, the Certificates upon all Bills drawn by the Treasurer or* Deputy Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, or by the Paymaster of Pensions, for the Payment *of any Prize or Bounty Money, Grant, Pension or other Allowance of Money in favour of any Person refilling at any Port or Place at which a Deputy of the said Royal Hospital shall have been or shall be appointed, shall be attested by such Deputy, and by no other Person.

IX. And be it enacted. That it shall be lawful for every licensed Agent to fend a List of all Orders which he may have received or shall hereafter receive from Non Commissioned Officers, Seamen or Marines to the Agent appointed for the Distribution of any Prize* or Prizes, Bounty Money, Grant or other Allowances of Money; which Orders, if depolited at Greenwich Hospital, shall not be re* vocable after Distribution of the Money to which they relate shall* have commenced $ and such Distributing Agent shall not, after receiving any List as aforesaid, pay to the Non Commissioned Officers, Seamen or Marines named therein, or any of them, the Share or Shares due to any of them respectively, but shall pay the same over, with the unclaimed and forfeited Shares, to Greenwich Hofpita, to be refunded by the Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital to the Non Commissioned Officers, Seamen or Marines entitled thereto, or the Payees named in the said Orders respectively, in like manner as unclaimed Shares are directed to be paid and refunded; and the said Distributing Agents shall, upon the Requisition of the Clerk of the' Cheque of the said Royal Hospital, deliver to the said Clerk of the Cheaue any Order which shall have been deposited in their Hands by ficenied Agents, to be kept at the said Royal Hospital; and such Distributing Agent shall receive from the said Clerk of the Cheque a Receipt tor the same, and an Undertaking to produce the same whenever the Production thereof shall be deemed expedient.

c X. And Whereas certain Ships and Vessels belonging to his Im-4 perial Ruffian Majesty acted in conjunction with a Squadron of 4 Rritifb Snips and Vessels of War belonging to His Majesty, under 4 the Command of Admiral Sir Andrew Mitchellf on the Attack 4 of (he Dutch Fleet in the Texel in the Year One thousand seven

* hundred and ninety nine, and became entitled to share in the Pro-

* ceeds arising from the Captures made in the said Expedition:

4 And Whereas the Agent for the said Captures did, in or about the

* Month of December One thousand eight hundred and ten, pay into 4 the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich the Sum of Seven < thousand one hundred and eleven Pounds Sixteen Shillings and 4 Eight pence Three Farthings, being the Amount of certain Shares 4 unclaimed by the Officers, Seamen and Marines of the said Ships 4 of His Ruffian Majesty: And Whereas it is deemed advisable to 4 pay over the Sum of Six thousand eight hundred and eighty five 4 Pounds Twelve Shillings and Four pence Three Farthings, the 4 Balance now remaining in the said Hospital, to Hi* Excellency

4 Count

4 Coant Lieven, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of:

* Hia Imperial Ruffian Majesty, or the Ambassador of His Imperial5 ' Ruffian Majesty for the time being at the -Court of London, for

* the Use of the Officers and Men entitled thereto Be it enacted.

That it shall and may be lawful for the Dire&ors of the said Royal/ D'tn&otujf Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich in the County of Kentt and they Greenwich Hot* are hereby authorized and required, to cause to be paid over to the empowered i said Count Lieven, or the Ambassador from Hit. Imperial Ruffian *°

Majesty at the Court of London for the time being, out of the p'unda Ambassador of the said Hospital, the said Sum of Six thousand eight hundred 688jL ia*4|d. and eighty fire Pounds Twelve Shillings and Four pence Three Bslenct remain-Farthings, the Balance now remaining in the said Hospital, for the procwds Purpose of being distributed amougft iuch of the Officers and Crews m^Attack of the said Ships and Vessels of his said Imperial Ruffian Majesty as of Dutch Fleet shall not heretofore have received their respective Shares of and in the 111x799. Proceeds of the said Captures.

XI. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the said Greenwich Hof-Sum of Six thousand eight hundred and eighty five Pounds Twelve vf'

Shillings and Four pence Three Farthings to the said, Count Lieven9 menu or to His Imperial Ruffian Majesty's Ambassador at the. Court of London for the* time being, the Commissioners and Governors of *

Greenwich Hospital shall.be wholly indemnified and freed and discharged therefrom, and be no further liable or accountable for the., same to any Person or Persons whatsoever.

SCHEDULE to which this ACT refers.

A.

TAKE NOTICE, that no Prize Money can be received under this Order, except by an Agent duly licensed in conformity to the Ad of Pfcrlia* ment of the Fifty fourth Year of King George the Third, or by the Wife, one of the Parents or. Children of the Grantor.

* Here injert the Place where and*time when the Order it made

Day of 18

AT Seven Days** Sight. pay to or his Order, .

A the Sum of out of the Amount of my.

Share of Prize or Bounty Money for the Capture of. *

f Here insert the Names of the f Prince and time of €afture9 or give such other Defirtption eft hem at shall be fatisfaSory to the Agent and the Officer* of Greenwich Hojpital-

when serving on board His Majesty's Ship or Vessel, the in quality of*being for

R 3 advanced

24$

C.64.

58* GEO. III.

A.D.181&

advanced to me by the said in Money,

and £ for Slops or Goods furniihed to me

by the said

To the proper Officers of 1

Greenwich HofpitaL J

B.

THESE are to certify. That we have examined the said

«wLm Sm mm — aJ <iT> — flwrtaa m

has shewn us, viz. [J

X Nero insert the Nature of the Document*, whether they are invalid Tickets, Certificates or oiherwife, and by what

Officer they are signed, ]

and his Answers to our Questions, we have Reason to be* lieve that he was serving on board the said Ship at the time of making the Captures above specified, and has received the Money and Slops above mentioned; he fays be was born at in the County of \

that he is Years of Age, of a

Complexion, Eyes, and Hair, j

$ If the Party is discharged from the Service, fiat* the time and Cause of Discharge.

Given under our Hands

Note.—This Certificate to be figntd by the Captain or Commanding Officer, and one other signing Officer, of the Ship to which the Party belongs.

If discharged from the Service, and resident at any Place where there is a Deputy or Agent of the Hofyital, to be signed by that Deputy.

If within Four Miles of the Hospital, by the Clerk of the Cheque or his First Clerk.

If at any other Place within the Bills of Mortality, by the Officer for Prizes in the Navy Pay Office, or his Assistant.

If by Marines at Head Quarters, where there is no Deputy to the Hospital, to be figaed by the Colonel or Commanding Officer and the Adjutant.

If by any Person at Sick Quarters, to be signed by the Surgeon and one of his Assistants; but waere there is a Deputy, to be signed by such Deputy.

If at any other Place in England, to be signed by the Mmifter and one of the Churchwardens j and if in Scotland, by the Minister and onc of the Elders.

Presence, and from

who signed the above Order in our the Documents he

CAP.

A.D.1818,

58° GEO. III.

C.65.

*47

From Od. id, 1818, Duties on Verjuice, Vinegar, &c. to cease, (except Arrears,

CAP. LXV.

An A£k for repealing the Duties of Excise on Verjuice and Vinegar, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for more effectually securing the Duties of Excise on Vinegar or Acetous Acid. 4 [3d June 1818.3

4 WHEREAS the Duties of Excise imposed by Law for and

* v V in refoe& of Vinegar hare been greatly evacted, and large 4 Quantities of Vinegar have been sent out intoConfumption, as Duty 4 paid, without the Officers of Excise having any Account thereof:

4 And Whereas Vinegar or Acetous Acid, diftiued and made under

* the Denomination of Pyroligneous Acid, has been lately brought ' into Confutation, of great Strength, without Payment of such 4 Duties as aforesaid; and for Remedy thereof it is expedient to re-

* peal the Duties of Excise now payable for and in relpe& of Ver-4 juice and Vinegar, and impose other Duties in lieu thereof ; * Be it therefore enacted by The king's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thispresent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Tenth Day of Odobcr One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, all and singular the Duties of Excise now payable by Law in respect of Verjuice4and Vinegar,

Vinegar Beer, or Liquors preparing for Vinegar, brewed or made in Great Britain, or imported into Great Britain from Ireland shall cease fcc.) and determine, and be no longer paid or payable, save and except in

all Cases, relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears thereof respectively which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto respectivelj, which shall at that time have been incurred.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Tenth Day of Dalles of OSober One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, in lieu and in- £3*. dead of the Duties by this Act repealed, there shall be railed, levied, 108 collected and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffbrs, the federal Rates and Duties of Excise hereinafter mentioned 1 that is to

fey.

For every Gallon Wine Measure of Vinegar or Acetous Add or Duties. Liquors prepared or preparing for Vinegar or Acetous Add, brewed or made in Great Britain for Sale, to be paid by the Maker thereof.

Four pence; and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity:

For every Gallon Wine Measure of Vinegar or Acetous Add or Liquors prepared or preparing for Vinegar or Acetous Add, brewed or made m Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain, to be paid by the Importer thereof, Four pence; add so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity :

For every Gallon Wine Measure of Vinegar or Acetous Acid or Liquors prepared or preparing for Vinegar or Acetous Add, imported into Great Britain from Foreign Parts, to be paid by the Importer thereof, One Shilling; and lb in proportion for any greater or Ub Quantity:

And that from and after the said Tenth Day of OBoter One thousand sight hundred add eighteen there Audi be allowed and paid the following Drawback of Excise $ that is to lay,

R 4

For

24$

C. 65.

58* GEO. III.

A.th 1818.

For every Gallon Wine Measure of Vinegar or Acetous Add, Hot being under Proof, which after the Tenth Day of OQober One thousand eight hundred and eighteen shall be brewed or made in Great Britain for Sale, or brewed or made in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain, and exported from thence to Foreign Parts, on which respectively the Duties imposed by this Act have been paid, Four pence.

Duties levied at HI. And be it further enacted, That the said several Duties shall anToraw^da refpe&*vety railed, levied, colie died, recovered and paid in such and allowed in like t^ie manner (except as specially altered by this Act), and in or manner as herein by any of the general or special Means, Ways or Methods by which mentioned. the former Duties of Excise on Vinegar hereby repealed were or might be raised, collested, recovered, allowed and paid; and the said Drawback shall be allowed and paid in such and the like manner, and in or by any of the general or special Means, Ways or Methods by which the Drawbacks of Excise on Glass exported are or may be allowed and paid, so far as the same are confident with the special Provisions of this Act; and the said Persons, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities so by this Act respectively made liable to the Payment of or chargeable with the said Duties respectively imposed, or entitled to the said Drawback granted by this Act, shall be and the same are hereby respectively made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Redriftions and Forfeitures to which such Persons as aforesaid. Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities, were generally or specially subject sod liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the pading of this Act respecting the Duties of Excise or other Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners of Excise respectively, and shall be uibjeft and liable to all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture of any Nature or Kind whatever, to which such Persons, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities were subject or liable for any Offence whatever committed against or in breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the pading of this Act, and for securing the Revenue of Excise or other Duties under the Management of the said Com-midioners of Excise respectively, or for the Regulation or Im-aa provement thereof; and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions plied to this herein contained shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend P*to, ' and shall be respectively implied, practised and put in Execution,

for and in respect of the said Duties of Excise and Drawback respectively hereby charged, imposed and allowed, in as full and ample manner to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, so far as they are not incondftent with or repugnant to the Provisions of this Act, as if all and every of the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Direftioni, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enafted in the Body of this Act.

Duties under IV. And be it further enacted. That such of the Duties by this C<mmimonezs Act imposed as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called England,

or Excise. shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in

England for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the time being.

V. And

58° GEO. III.

O* G5«

249

V. And be it farther enacted, That all the Monies anting from the Carried to Con-Duties by this Act imposed (the necessary Charges of railing and folicUted Fund, accounting for the same excepted) shall from time to time be paid

into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Liquors brewed or made Liquors of what* by whatsoever Means or manner into Vinegar or Acetous Acid for *er kind psro. Sale, and all Liquors prepared or preparing for or capable of being PF*** *5"1 used as or applied to the Purposes of Vinegar or Acetous Acid made charged nitli*for Sale, or found in the Possession of any Vinegar Maker or Makers Duty*

for Sale in Great Britain, or imported into Great Britain, whether any ^such Liquor shall be sold or made for Sale untnixed or mixed with any other Ingredient or Ingredients, or shall be known and called by the Name or Names of Vinegar, Alegar, Verjuice, Radical Vinegar,

Acetous Acid, Acetic Acid, Pyroligneous Acid, or by any other Name or Names, is, are and shall be respectively subject and liable to and chargeable and charged with the Duties hereby iznpofed; and What Persons that all and every Person and Persons who shall make, prepare, ex- v, nr&ar

trad, distil, rectify, purify or fell any such Liquors as aforesaid, M erfc not being a Dealer in. Retailer or Seller of fuclp Vinegar or Acetous Acid only as he, (he or they shall from time to time receive by Permit or Certificate, as hereinafter mentioned, from Some other entered Vinegar Maker or Makers, Dealer or Dealers, shall be deemed and taken to be a Vinegar Maker or Vinegar Makers, and shall be subject and liable to all and every the Licence and other Duties, Provisions,

Rules, Regulations, Reftri&ions and Penalties to which Makers of Vinegar are by Law subject and liable: Provided always, that no- in what cases thing in this or any other Ad shall or shall be deemed or construed Pyroligneous to extend to charge with any Duty any Acetous Acid, commonly n<?K

called Pyroligneous Acid, made or extracted from Wood or Tar, for w, t

Sale, in its crude, impure and unredified State, or any White Lead,

Sugar of Lead, Verdigris, Iron Liquor, Acetate of Lime, Acetate of Soda, Acetate of Alumine, or any Vinegar or Acetous Acid made, redlified or purified in any manner whatsoever at any House or Place not entered or used for making Vinegar, or redhfyiog or purifying Acetous Acid for Sale by any Maker or Makers thereof, being alto a Maker or Makers of the aforesaid Compounds, or any of them, and which Vinegar or Acetous Acid shall be so made, rectified or purified by him, her or them for the foie Purpose of making and compounding such Articles as aforesaid, or some of them, and shall be wholly used or consumed by himself, herself or themselves, at the> same House or Place where made, in the compounding or manufadtaring thereof, or any Vinegar or Acetous Acid distilled from Vinegar or Acetous Acid on which the Duties respectively by this Act imposed have'been already, and before such Distillation thereof, charged and paid.

VII. And be it further enacted. That all and every Person and fn the Entry of Persons making and required to make Entry of any Building, Place Premises, Place* or Utensil, under any Law or Laws relating to His Majesty's Re- *?d Utensils to be ▼enue of Excise, for the Purpose of uling the same in carrying on ^ftinguilhedbj any Trade or Business subject to the Survey of. the Officers of Ex- utdtlCoon rife, shall in every such Entry distinguish and describe every such the Place* and Building, Place and Utensil by a particular Letter Of Number, and Utensil*.

» shall

250

C. 65,

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

When Pipes ire used, their Courts to be described, ftc. withfuch Entry.

Buildings and Utensils not lb described deemed unentered.

Penalty sooL

Strength of Vinegar to be tried by an Aeetpmeter.

If found above Proof, Officer to charge proper-tionably for the Escefi.

Hull paint fach refpe&ve Letter or Number in a large and difttnft Chara&er upon some convenient and conspicuous Part of the Walli or Doors of every such Building or Place respectively, and upon some convenient and conspicuous Part of every such Utensil, and keep and continue the same so painted, and from time to time when Occafioo may require, or when requeued by the Supervisor of Excise of the District where situated, renew the same, so long as the Entry thereof remains uncancelied, so that such Letter or Number so painted may be easily and readily observed and known by the Officers of Exdu from time to time attending to survey the same; and that wherever any such Person or Persons shall use or employ in his, her or their entered Buildings or Places any fixed Pipe or Pipes, he, (he or they shall, at the time of making his, her or their Entry of the Places and Utensils as aforesaid, deliver with such Entry, and as Part thereof, a Drawing or Drawings, Description or Descriptions, distinctly shewing and exhibiting or explaining the Course, Direction, Conftru&HM and Use of all ana every.such Pipe and Pipes respectively, mud of all and every Branch and Branches thereof, and of all and every Cock and Cocks thereon, together with the Place or Places and Utensil or Utensils respectively from and to or with which the same lead or communicate; and that if any Building, Place or Utensil shall at any time be found to be used by any such Person or Persons as aforesaid, without being so described or diffcinguifhed as aforesaid, or without such Letter or Number being so distinctly painted and continued thereon as aforesaid, or any Pipe or Pipes be found without being so shewn in such Drawing or Drawings, or so described as aforesaid, or different from or disagreeing with such Drawing or Drawings, Description or Descriptions as aforesaid, every such Building, Place and Utensil respectively shall be deemed and taken to be unentered, 'and the Person or Penons using the same shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose, over and above all other Penalties, the Sum of Two* hundred Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That to prevent Vinegar or Acetous Add of excessive Strength being brought into Confumptioa upon Payment of Duty as Common Vinegar or Acetous Add, to the great Injury of HU Majesty's Revenue, all such Liquors as afore, find, fhbjed and liable to such Duties respectively as aforesaid, Audi and may be tried and examined by any Officer or Officers of Excise with such Acetemeter as shall and may from time to time be directed by the Commissioners of Excise in order to ascertain the Strength thereof; and that whenever any such Liquors shall upon any such Trial be found by any Officer or Officers of Excise to be above Proof as denoted by such Acetdmeter (Proof being such Strength of Acetous Add that One hundred Parts of the Liquor by Weight will fetucate or neutralize Fourteen and a Half Parts by Wdght of Crystalized Subcarbonate of Soda), ind not to be more than Thirty five per Centum, as denoted by such Acetemeter, above such Proof, the Number of Gallons of such Liquors of which such Trial is made shall be deemed and computed by such Officer or Officers to be such Number as could be made from or with such Liquors if diluted by Water to the Strength of Proof denoted as aforesaid, and shall be chargeable and taken account of and charged fay such Officer with Duty accordingly; and that all such Liquors as (halt be found, on-fiich Trial as a^refead, or as the Person or Persons»whole Stock

or

58° GEO. IIL

C# 65,

251

or Possession the same ii or shall be found shall declare to such Officer or Officers as aforesaid, to be more than Thirty fire per Centum, denoted as aforesaid, above Proof, shall be chargeable, and shall and may be taken account of and charged by such Officer or Officers, with Duty at and after the Rate of One Shilling for every Pound Avoirdupois thereof, and so in proportion for every greater or less Quantity.

4 IX. And to the Intent that the Officers of Excise may be ena-4 bled to examine and duly charge the Duties on all such Liquors 4 and Materials as aforesaid, according to the Strength thereof, if 4 above Proof, as denoted by such Acetomcter as aforesaid $' Be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for any

Officer or Officers of Excise to take a Sample or Samples, not

j exceeding Half a Pint or Half a Pound Avoirdupois at One time,

i of any such Liquors or Materials as aforesaid, at any time found in; the Custody or PoiTession of any Vinegar Maker or Makers for Sale as aforesaid, or any Dealer or Dealers in such Vinegar or Acetous Acid, except of such Liquors as shall be declared by the Maker or Poflefior thereof to the proper Officer as aforesaid to be more than 1 Thirty five per Centum above Proof, returning the Materials, after | such Trial as aforesaid, to such Maker or Makers as aforesaid, or if f the Liquors of which any such Sample shall be so taken be in the 1 Custody or Possession of any Dealer or Dealers in such Vinegar or ' Acetous Acid, paying such Dealer or Dealers for such Sample or

\ Samples of Vinegar or Acetous Acid, at and after the Rate of the

then current Price of such Liquors respectively.

\ X. And be it further enacted, That all and every Officer and Officers of Excise shall at all times upon his or their Kequest, but, if in the Night, to be accompanied by a Supervisor or Surveyor, be permitted to enter into the entered House, Warehouse and other \ Place and Places belonging to or used by any Vinegar Maker or Makers for Sale as aforesaid, and to take an Account by Weight, Measure or Gauge, as to such Officer or Officers shall seem most fit and convenient, of all and every such Liquor and Liqnors, Material and Materials as aforesaid, and of all Sulphuric Add in the Custody or PofTeffiou of any such Maker or Makers; and if any Person or Persons (kail obstruct, hinder, molest or prevent any such Officer or | Officers from so doing, or in the Execution of axfy of the Powers or Authorities given or granted to him or them by this or any other Act or Acts relating to Vinegar, every such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence several ly forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Vinegar Maker or Makers for Sale shall have or receive into his Custody or PoiTession any Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or any Sugar Water, Sugar Wa(h, Melaffes Water, Melaffes Wa(h, Alegar, Stale Beer, Returns of Beer or Ak, Cider, Veijuice or other Liquor prepared or preparing for Vinegar or Acetous Add, or capable of being used as or applied to the Purposes of Vinegar or Acetous Add, or any Sulphuric Acid, Melaflcs* Brown Sugar, Honey (except for his or their private Family), or any Pyrolignite or Acetate of Lime or Soda, or other Material or Materials (except Corn or Grain) fit or proper to be made into or mixed with Vinegar or Acetous Add, without giving Twelve Hours1 piyvious Notice thereof in Writing to the Officer of Excise under, whofe

Officer* may take Sample*.

Exception.

Returning

Materials.

f Sic.

Paying for Sample!.

Officer accompanied in (be Night by Surveyor may enter Premises and take an Account of Liquors,

Obstructing Officer, &c.

Penalty aooL

Vinegar Maker* not to take into their Custody Vinegar or Preparations for Vinegar (Exceptions) without giving 1% Hour** Notice to the Officer.

C.65.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

And not to remove, Sec.

Pendty 100L

In what cases no Wort to he sent out, nor Vinegar or Preparation for Vinegar, unless Duty paid, and accompanied with a Permit.

Forfeiture of Liquor, fee. and Penalty stool.

Vinegar Makers charging Stills with any other Liquor than Vinegar or Preparations for Vinegar,

Penalty 500L Such Stills fub-je& to Regulation! imposed in refpea of Stills used for re&ifr-ingBritish Spirits.

whofe Survey such Maker or Makers shall then be, Tpecifying the Day and time of the Day when the same will be taken or received into his, her or their Custody or Pofsession, and the Quantity and De-feription thereof, to the Intent that such Officer may be present to fee and take account of the same by Weight, Measure or Gaoge, nor shall diminilh, remove or mix the same or any Part thereof, with his, her or their Stock, until such Officer shall have taken such Account as aforesaid, nor shall afterwards use or employ any such Material or Materials uncharged with Ditty, without accounting for the same to the Satisfaction of the Officer, upon pain of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Ferfon or Ferfons shall fell, deliver or fend out any fermenting or fermented Wort or Waft whatsoever, not being fermented Beer charged with Duty, to any Person or Persons whatsoever; and that no Person or Persons not being an entered Vinegar Maker or Makers shall fend, deliver or fend out any Vinegar or purified Acetous Acid, Alegar, Stale Beer, Stale Ale or Stale Cider, Veijuice, Sugar Water or Melaffes Water, or other Liquors prepared or preparing for Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or capable of being used as or applied to the Purpofri of Vinegar or Acetous Acid, except to an entered Vinegar Maker, under such Notice for receiving the same as aToresaid, or without the Duties hereby imposed being first paid or charged for or in respect of such Vinegar or purified Acetous Acid, Alegar, Stale Beer, Stale Ale or Stale Cider, Veijuice, Sugar Water or Melaffes Water, or other Liquors, and the same being accompanied with a Permit or Certificate aa hereinafter mentioned, upon pain of forfeiting for every such Offence all such Liquor and Liquors as aforesaid, which shall or may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, together with the Cattle and Carriage or Carriages used or employed m removing the same; and every Person or Persons so offending or receiving such Liquor or Liquors as aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted. That no Vinegar Maker or Makers who shall have, possess or use, at or upon his, her or their entered Place or Places for making Vinegar, any Still or Stills for diftfiling, rectifying or purifying Vinegar, shall charge and put, or cause or suffer to be charged or put into the same, any other Li* quor or Material whatsoever, save and except Vinegar or other Liquors or Materials prepared or preparing for Vinegar; and that if any such Maker or Makers shall at any time employ or use, it or upon any such Place or Places, or within Three hundred Feet thereof in a direCfc Line, any Still or Stills for the Purpose aforesaid, and shall charge or put, or cause or suffer to be charged or put into any such Still or Stills, any other Liquor or Material than Vinegar or other Liquors or Materials prepared or preparing for Vinegar, or shall have, possess or use, at or upon such Place or Places for making or keeping Vinegar or Liquors or Materials preparing for Vinegar, any Still or Stiua for any other Purpose, he, /be or they shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Fwe hundred Pounds; and all and every such Maker or Makers shall, io the Pofsession, Use and Employment of every Still and Stills for distilling, rectifying or purifying Vinegar (not being Stills or Retorts used ana employed by any such Maker, being a ReCtifier or Purifier

of

58° GEO. IIL

253

of Acetous Add called Pyroligneous Acid only), bo subject and liable to all and every the Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Ena&metfts, Penalties and Forfeitures which are by Law imposed for or in respect of Stills used and employed for rectifying British Spirits.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That when and to often as any Vinegar Maker or Makers shall be desirous of diluting his, her or their Vinegar or Acetous Acid, after the same shall have been taken account of and charged with Duty by the proper Officer, by the Addition of Water, it shall be lawful for him, her or them so to do, provided he, (he or they shall give Twelve Hours' previous Notice in Writing to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey he, (he or they shall then be, of his, her or their Intention to add Inch Water for the Purpose aforesaid, specifying in such Notice the particular Day and Hour at which he, (he or they intends or intend to begin to add such Water, and the Quantity ot Vinegar or Acetous Acid and Water respectively intended to be mixed, and the particular Vessel or Vessels into which such Water is to be put; and upon such Notice Being so given, the proper Officer or Officers of Excise shall attend at the time mentioned in such Notice, and shall take and keep an Account of the Water then added to any such Vinegar or Acetous Acid as aforesaid, and which Water such Maker or Makers shall, in the Presence of such Officer or Officers, put into the Vessel or Vessels specified in such Notice, and mix with the Vinegar or Acetous Acid therein, with all due Diligence and Dispatch, on the Officer's Attend* ance for that Purpose: Provided always, that no such Maker or Makera shall be at Liberty to give any such Notice for Water to be added as aforesaid oftener than once in Twenty four Hours, nor shall Water be so added at any other time than between the Hours of Six in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon; and if any such Maker or Makers shall add Water to any Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or Liquor or Liquors prepared or preparing for Vinegar, or capable of being used as or for the Purpose of Vinegar, after the Officer shall have taken an Account thereof and charged the Duty thereon, with* out such Notice or otherwise than as aforesaid, or shall by any Means or Contrivance increase the Quantity of his, her or their Vinegar, Acetous Acid or Liquors prepared or preparing for Vinegar, or capable of being used as or for the Purpose of Vinegar, - above the Quantity taken account of and charged wiih Duty by such Officer or Officers on such Maker or Makers, he, (he or they shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall make Vinegar for Sale from Malt or other fermenting or fermentable Material or Materials at, in or upon any House or Place entered or used for making, distilling, reflifying or purifying Acetous Acid called Pyroligneous Acid, or for making or compounding White Lead, Sugar of Lead, Verdigris, Iron Liquor or Acetate of Lime, Acetate of Soda or Acetate of Alumine, or within the Distance of Three hundred Feet in a direct Line from any such House or Place, nor shall any Person or Persons make, prepare, distil, rectify or purify any Acetous Acid called Pyroligneous Acid, or make or compound any White Lead, Sugar of Lead, Verdigris, Iron Liquor or Acetate of Lime, Acetate of Soda or Acetate of Alumine, at, in or upon* any House or Place entered' or used for making or manufa^uring Vinegar from Malt, or other fermenting or ferment*

able

Before diluting Vinegar after Account and Duty charged, is Hours* Notice to be given to the Officer.

Officer to attend on Notice and cake Account.

Number of Notices.

Not giving Notice, See,

Penalty SOoL

Making Vinegar for Sate from Malt, Sec, in or at a certain Dif-tance from any entered Place for distilling or preparing Pyroligneous Acid, &c. in or at a certain Distance from any Place entered for making Vinegar from Malt, lie.

C 65,

58* GEO. III.

JLD.181S.

Penalty jcoL Vinegar Makers9being Redifiert of Acetous Acid, to provide WarehouTeSy &c. with Locke and Fattening* fox depositing the concrete Acetates under the Care of the proper Officer.

Makers negled-ing to provide such Ware-houses, See. or to pay for such Fattening*, or refuting to de-pofit such Materials, ftc.

Penalty loot

Before taking Materials from

able Material or Material*, for Saks or within the Distance of Three hundred Feet in a direct Line from any such House or Place at aforesaid, nor shall any Person or Persons rectify or purify any Acetous Acid called Pyroligneous Add, for Sale, from any other Material or Materials than Pyrolignite or Acetate of Lime or Soda, upon pain of forfestkg for every such Offence the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Vinegar Maker and Makers hr Sale, being a Re&ifier or Purifier, Rewritten or Purifiers of Acetous Add, subject and liable to Dntiea as 'afore-fiud, shall provide^ maintain and enter as aforesaid a proper and fiecure Warehouse, Storeboufe or Celiar, or Warehouses, Storehouses or Celiars, to the Satisfaction of the Supervisor of Esdfe in whole Dittrid it or they shall or may be fitnated, with good and fufident Locks and Fattening* thereto respectively, to be provided and main, tained by such Supervisor at the Expence and Charge of such Maker or Makers respectively into which Warehouse'or Warehouses, Store-house or Storehouses, Cellar or Celiars, or some or one of them, all and every of the dry or concrete Acetate and Acetates, or Pyrolignite or Pyrolignite* of Lime or Soda for making, re&ifying or purifying Acetous Add called Pyroligneous Add received into the Possession of such Maker or Makers, shall, immediately after the Receipt thereof, and before the same shall be rectified or purified for Sale, and upon such Notice as aforesaid by such Maker, be pot and deposited by and at his, her or their Expence; and that every such Warehouse, Storehouse and Cellar refpe&ivdy, shall be kept locked up and secured by the proper Officer of Excise under whole Survey the same shall from time to time be, except at such time or times only as such Officer shall be attending therein for the Purpose of depositing such Materials therein, or for weighing or taking an Account of such Materials brought thereto, or delivering such Materials therefrom, or such Warehouse, Storehouse or Cellar shall be under aeceffary Reparation; and if any such Maker or Makers shall negkd or refute at nis, her or their own Expence, to provide and such Warehouse, Storehouse or Celiar, or Warehonfes, Storehouse* or Celiars, and enter the same at aforesaid, or to pay such Supervisor as aforesaid, upon Demand, for any Lock or Locks, Key or Keys, or other Fattening or Fattening* thereon or thereto, or the Renewal or Reparation thereof, found and provided by such Supervisor for the Security thereof, or shall refuse or neglect to put or deposit any such Material or Materials as aforesaid, immediately after the having or receipt thereof, and before the Re&ification or Purification thereof, and upon such Notice as aforesaid, in One or more of such Ware-houseStorehouses or Celiars, according to the Dire&ions of this A6L; or if any such Maker or Makers, or other Person or Persons shall damage, force or open, or cause to be damaged, forced or opened, any such Lock or other Fattening, or enter or cause to be entered any such Warehouse, Storehouse or Celiar, save at such time and timet as aforesaid, then and in each and every such case such Maker or Makers, or other Person or Persons so offending, shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds*

XVII. And be it further enacted. That when and: so often as any such Maker or Mahers as afarehdd shall intend or bo defiroua to

have

k

J

58° GEO. III.

C.65,

255

have any such Material or Materials as aforesaid delivered from or out of any such Warehouse, Storehouse or Celiar, for the Purpose of reftifying or purifying Acetous Acid therefrom, he, (he or they shall give Twelve Hours' Notice in Writing to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey such Warehouse, Storehouse or Cellar shall be, of his, her or their Intention, specifying in such Notice the particular Day and Hour at which he, (he or they intends or intend to have fucn Materials delivered out for the Purpose aforesaid, and the Quantity so to be weighed and delivered; and upon such Notice being so given, the proper Officer or Officers shall attend at the time mentioned in such Notice, and open such Warehouse, Storehouse or Celiar, and such Maker shall thereupon proceed to weigh, and shall with all due Diligence and Dispatch weigh out in the Presence of such Officer or Officers, and to his Satisfaction, the Whole of the Material

or Materials mentioned in such Notice: Provided always neverthe-less, that no such Maker or Makers shall be at liberty to give any such Notice for having any such Material or Materials so delivered oftener than once in Twenty four Hours, or at any other time than between the Hours of Six in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon; and every Notice given for having any such Material or Materials so delivered oftener than as aforesaid, or at any other time or Hour than between the Hours in that behalf aforesaid, shall and the same is hereby declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maker and Makers as aforesaid, being a Re&ifier or Purifier, Re&ifiers or Purifiers of Acetous Acid, is and are hereby required to provide and keep proper, sufficient and just Scales and Weights at such Warehouse, Storehouse or Cellar as aforesaid, for the Purpose of from time to time weighing and taking an Account of such Materials as aforesaid, and of all Acetous Acid and Materials for making, rectifying or purifying Acetous Acid, which shall at any time be in the Custody or Poffemon of any such Maker or Makers as aforesaid, and shall permit and suffer any Officer or Officers of Excise to use the same for that Purpose, and shall give him every needful Assistance in weighing any fucn Acetous Acid or Materials; and if any such Maker or Makers shall upon Demand as aforesaid neglect or refuse to provide any such Scales and Weights, or either of them, or shall hinder, obstruct or prevent any Officer or Officers of Excise from using the same, or shall neglect or refuse to assist him in weighing any Acetous Acid or Materials; or if any such Maker or Makers as aforesaid shall, in the weighing of any such Acetous Acid or Materials, make use of, or cause or suffer to be made use of, any fidfe, unjust or insufficient Beam, Scale or Scales, or Weight or Weights, or shall use or practise any Art, Device or Contrivance, by which any such Officer or Officers shall or may be deceived or hindered or prevented from taking the true and just Weight, and ascertaining the true Quantity of any Acetous Acid or Material; such Maker or Makers shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds, together with such false, unjust or insufficient Beams, Scales, Weight or Weights, and the. Acetous Acid and Materials rCfpe&ively then weighing or weighed, and the same shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XIX. And

Warehouse, Sec. IS Hours* Notice to be given to Officer, who shall attend to weigh the same.

Number and Hours of Notice.

Scales and Weights to bo provided by Maker, &c.

Makers neglecting to provide such Scale! and Weights, or making use of false ones, &c.

Penalty.

Makers provide Vessels for keeping Pyroligneous Acid, but Officer to take the Contents, Src. of Vessels before they are used.

Not providing such Vefleis, or removing Acid before Account is takeo, See.

Penalty tool. Officer on dif-oovering a Deficiency in the Quantity of Vinegar, Arc. which should hare been produced, to charge such Deficiency with the Duty, unless fatisfs&orily accounted for.

C. 65* 58° GEO. III. A.D.1819.

XIX. And be it further enacted* That all and every such Maker and Makers as aforesaid shall* and he* (he and they is and are hereby required to provide in his* her or their Room or Place wherein he, (he or they re&ifies or purifies, rectify or purify any Acetous Acid called Pyroligneous Acid for Sale, One or more Vessel or Vessels* of which he* (he or they shall from time to time give Notice in Writing to the proper Officer of Excise* and shall in such Notice declare the true Tare or Weight* and Content or Capacity thereof* and the true Tare of any Material in or with which the same may be then packed* and which Vessel and Vessels shall he gauged or measured by the proper Officer or Officers of Excise before the same shall be used by such Maker or Makers to hold or receive any such Acetous Acid as aforesaid* in order that the Content or Capacity thereof* and the Quantity of any Acetous Acid put therein* may at any time be correctly weighed* known or ascertained by any such Officer or Officers, into which Vessel or Vessels every such Maker or Makers shall run or put and collect all his rectified or purified Acetous Acid as the same is made* and before the same or any Part thereof shall he removed from such entered Place for Sale or otherwise* and shall continue the same therein until the proper Officer shall have taken a true Account thereof; and if any such Maker or Makers shall neglect or refuse to provide such Vessel or Vessels at aforesaid* or in any respect change or alter the same* or to give such Notice thereof as aforesaid* or give any false Notice thereof, or remove any such Acetous Acid from his* her or their Workhouse or Place in which the same shall have been rectified or purified* or mix the same or any Part thereof with his* her or their Stock* without fi^fl running or putting and collecting the same and every Part thereof into such Vessel or Vessels as aforesaid* and continuing the same and every Part thereof therein until the proper Officer (hau have taken a true Account thereof* or shall by any Device or Contrivance deceive or hinder or prevent the Officer in or from weighing or taking a true Account of all such Acetous Acid* according to the a&usu Quantity and Strength thereof* and charging the IDuty aforesaid accordingly* every such Maker or Makers shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if at any time or times hereafter any Officer or Officers of Excise shall find or discover that the Quantity of Vinegar or Acetous Acid called Pyroligneous Acid* made, extracted, rectified or purified from Pyrolignite or Acetate of Lime or Soda* by any such Maker or Makers as aforesaid* and taken account of and charged with Duty in any of the Quarters ending respectively on the Fifth Day of January*Fifth Day of April* Fifth Day of July and Tenth Day of 0Sober in every Year* (hau be deficient or fall (hort of the Quantity of Vinegar or Acetous Acid which should or ought to have been or was capable of being produced from the Pyrolignite or Acetate of Lime or Soda respectively received by such Maker or Makers within such Quarter respectively for the Purpose of being rectified or purified* computing dry or concrete Pyrolignite or Acetate of Lime to produce Three Quarters of a Gallon of Acetous Acid of the Strength of Proof for every Pound Avoirdupois thereof* and dry or concrete Pyrolignite or Acetate of Soda to produce One Gallon of Acetous Acid of the Strength of Proof for every Found Avoirdupois* and Acetate of Lime in Solu-

14 tton

A. D. 1818.

58° GEO. III.

C.65,

25 7

tion to produce One Gallon of Acetous Acid of the Strength of Proof for every Two Gallons thereof of like Strength, and Acetate of Soda in Solution to produce Two Gallons of Acetous Acid of the Strength of Proof for every Three Gallons thereof of the like Strength thereof, without such Deficiency being duly accounted for to the Satisfaction of the Officer, such Officer or Officers is and are hereby authorized and required to charge such Maker and Makers with Duty on so much and such Quantity of such Acetous Acid of the Strength of Proof as shall be equal to the Quantity so found or discovered to be deficient.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That when any Vinegar Maker Permit to be ob-or Makers shall have Occasion to remove from his, her or their Stock t*'0"1 on the any Vinegar or Acetous Acid subject to the Duties by this A A Pfmoval imposed, the proper Officer or Officers of Excise of the respective Division where such entered Warehouse or Warehouses shall be lituated, shall without Fee or Reward, from time to time, upon a Request Note being made and delivered, according to the Directions of this Act, by such Maker or Makers, grant and give a Permit in Writing, ligned by the said respective Officer or Officers, expressing the Quantity, Quality and Strength (if exceeding Proof) of Vinegar or Acetous Acid to be removed, the Name or Names of the Persons from and to whom the same is intended to be removed, and that the Duty thereon has been paid, and limiting the time in which such Vinegar or Acetous Acid shall be removed from and out of the Warehouse. after taking out such Permit, and the time in which such Vinegar or Acetous Acid shall be delivered or received into the Warehouse or Warehouses, or other Place or Places, of the Person or Persons to whom the same is to be sent: Provided always, that Condition* on no Permit shall be granted to any Vinegar Maker or Makers for the which Permit Removal of more Vinegar or Acetous Acid, call and computed at sranted*

Proof as aforesaid, than the Quantity for or in respect of which he, ffie or they shall have been charged with Duty or received by Permit, delivered to and taken account of by the Officer, and shall accordingly then have Credit in Stock, and that every Request Note from any Vinegar Maker or Makers for that Purpose shall be void; and that no fuen Permit as aforesaid shall be granted, or be valid, Request Note, unleft such Maker or Makers requiring the same shall make and fend *c* forPennit. or deliver to the Officer or Officers of Excise hereby-authorized to grant such Permit, a Request Note in Writing specifying the Name of the Person to whom such Vinegar or Acetous Acid is intended to be sent, the Quantity, Quality and Strength (if exceeding Proof) thereof; and also the Number and respective Content of the Calks, Bottles, Jars or Vessels containing the same, and likewise whether the same is to be removed by Land or by Water, and by what Mode of Conveyance the same is intended to be sent; and all Vinegar re-fuch Vinegar or Acetous Acid which shall be removed by or from moved without the Stock of such Maker or Makers without such Permit as afore- peril *? "j, n" laid, or under a Description not confognable to this Act, or under fcribe^forfeiieJ a false Description, or exceeding the Quantity or Strength expressed and Penalty in the Permit accompanying the same, together with the Calks, iooL Bottles, Jars, Vessels and other Packages containing the fafne, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Maker or Makers from wnofe Stock the same 58 Geo. III. S shall

258

Dealers to make Entry of Pre-mifes at the next Excise Office, to whom the Officer shall deliver Books with printed Forms, and no Vinegar exceed* ing io Gallons shall be fi-nt out without a Certificate filled up and taken from such Books signed hy Dealer.

Books to be open for Infpec-lion oi Officer.

Dealers neglecting to make Entry, obtl rafting Officers, concealing Vinegar, &c.

C. 65. 58 GEO. III. A.D. 1818.

shall be lent out, shall for every such Offence incur a Penalty of One hundred Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all aiid every Dealer in, Retailer or Seller of Vinegar or Acetous Acid, shall make Entry at the neared Office of Excise of his, her or their Warehouse, Storehouse, Celiar, Shop or other Place or Places, in which he, (he or they shall dore, deposit or keep such Vinegar or Acetous Acid or Liquor aforesaid, and before receiving any Vinegar or Acetous Acid or Liquors aforesaid for Sale; and that every such Dealer in. Retailer or Seller (not being a Vinegar Maker or Makers at any entered Place or Places within the Didance of a Quarter of a Mile from such Warehouse, Storehouse, Celiar, Shop or other Place or Places) (hill upon Demand receive from the proper Officer of Excise a Book or Books, to be prepared with proper printed Forms and Titles, for the Purposes hereinafter mentioned, and to be kept by every such Dealer in, Retailer and Seller of Vinegar or Acetous Acid, in some public and open Part of his, her or their entered Premises; and that from and alter the Tenth Day of OQober One thousand eight hundred and eighteen no Vinegar or Acetous Acid exceeding Ten Gallons at any one time shall be sold, sent out or delivered by any such Dealer in, Retailer or Seller of Vinegar or Acetous Acid, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, without being accompanied by a Certificate filled up and cut out progressively from the printed Forms of such Certificates contained in such Book as aforesaid, signed by such Dealer in, Retailer or Seller of Vinegar or Acetous Acid felling, fending out or delivering the same, or some Person or Persons on his, her or their behalf, certifying the Date thereof, the Quantity of such Vinegar or Acetous Acid and the Strength thereof (if above Proof), to whom fold, from whose Stock delivered, and that the Duty has been paid thereon; and that every such Dealer in, Retailer or Seller of Vinegar or Acetous Acid, felling, fending out or delivering any Vinegar or Acetous Acid exceeding Ten GaUons at any one time as aforesaid, shall at the same time make a correspondent Entry thereof, containing the same Particulars, in such Boat as aforesaid j and that such Book, with such Entries so made therein as aforesaid, shall at all times lie open and exposed in the entered Premises of such Dealer in. Retailer or Seller of Vinegar or Acetous Acid as aforesaid, to the Perusal of any Officer or Officers of Excise, and shall be* delivered by such Deader in, Retailer or Seller of Vinegar or Acetous Acid as aforesaid, to any Officer or Officers of Excise upon Demand; and if any such Dealer in. Retailer or Seller of Vinegar or Acetous Acid shall refuse or neglect to make such Entry as aforesaid of all his, her or their Warenouses, Storehouse*, Celiars, Shops and other Places for storing or keeping Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or shall at any time obftrudfc or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise from entering therein, or inspecting, surveyiog, weighing or taking an Account of his, her or their Stock of Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or shall conceal any Part of such Vinegar or Acetous Acid from the Sight or View of the Officer or Officers, or shall fell, fend out or deliver any Quantity of Vinegar or Acetous Acid exceeding Ten Gallons at any one time unaccompanied br such Certificate aa aforesaid, or making such Entry in fnch Book as aforesaid, or shall convey away or conceal any such Book or Books as aforesaid, or canoel, obliterate, destroy or tear out any Leaf or

Leaves

A.D. 1818,

58° GEO. IIL

C. 65.

259

Leaves therefrom, or Entry or Entries therein, or shall make any

falfe Entry or Entries therein, or shall oppose, molest, obstruct or

hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise in infpcfting any such

Book or Books, or any such Entry or Entries therein as aforesaid, or

shall at any time neglect or rcfuse, when required, to give up to any

Officer or Officers such Book or Books as aforesaid, all and evenr

such Dealer in, Retailer or Seller of Vinegar or Acetous Acid (o

offending, shall for every such Offence several ly forfeit and lose the

Sum of One hundred Pound*; and all Vinegar or Acetous Acid Penalty iooL

exceeding Ten Galions, removing or removed from the Stock of Vinegar re-

any such Dealer or Dealers as aforesaid, without being accompanied cmTficste^or *

by such Certificate as aforesaid, and all Vinegar or Acetous Acid j-ound in p0fl*ef_

found in the Possession of any unentered Dealer in, or Retailer or non of an unli-

Seller of Vinegar, Acetous Acid, or in any unentered Warehouse, censed Dealer,

Storehouse, Celiar, Shop or other Place of any Dealer in, or Re- for^ited», ld.

tailer or Seller of Vinegar or Acetous Acid, shall be forfeited, and rcrnov, n*

shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and *1 c'

the Person or Persons removing, carrying or conveying the same, or

aiding or assisting therein, or in whose Custody the same shall be

found, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds. Penalty xool.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That any Officer or Officers Officer in taking of Excise shall and may at any time or times take an Account of the Stock, on finding Stock of Vinegar or Acetous Acid respectively of any Maker or " 'Exceli, the Makers of or Dealer or Dealers in Vinegar or Acetous Acid liable ^fa^orfeited*or subject to the Duties or any of them imposed by this Act; and BJUi faxed, if, on taking any such Account, the Quantity of Vinegar or Acetous Acid respectively found in any such Stock, added to the Quantity for which Permits shall have been granted, or Certificates sent out as directed by this Act, since the time of taking the lad preceding Account of such Stock, shall exceed the Quantity of Vinegar or Acetous Acid respectively found in such Stock at the time of taking such lad preceding Account, added to the Quantity since made, or legally received with Permit or Certificate, duly delivered to the proper Officer, into such Stock as aforesaid, such Vinegar or Acetous Acid respectively, when above Proof, being cad and computed at that Strength, a Quantity of Vinegar or Acetous Acid equal to the Quantity round in Excels shall be forfeited and lod, and shall and may be seized and taken by the Officer or Officers of Excise who (hail discover the same, from and out of such Stock; and the Person or Persons in whose Stock such Quantity of Vinegar or Acetous Acid so found in Excess shall be dilcovered, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds. Penalty xooL

* XXIV. And Whereas by an Act made in the Sixth Year of 6G.3-c.x4.

* the Reign of His present Majesty, for repealing the Duties granted $

* upon Cider and Perry by an Act made in the Third Year of His

* present Majesty's Reign, and for granting other Duties on Cider

* and Perry in lieu thereof, and for more efFeftually securing the

* Duties on Cider and Perry imposed by several former Acts, in case

* any Cider or Perry which hath been charged with and paid the

* Doties by that Act imposed shall be unfit for Sale as Cider and

* Perry, and shall be charged with the Duties upon Vinegar, it is

* direfted that the said Duties upon Cider or Perry thereon charged

* and paid, shall be allowed and drawn back on such Proof as is

* therein mentioned: And Whereas it is expedient to repeal so much

S 2«of

260

C. 65.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

repealed.

Vinegar or Materials found concealed, adulterated, &c. forfeited and Penalty iooI.

Commissioners may compound for the Duty with any Rectifier.

If any Question 111 all arise, whether Vinegar or Acetous Acid seized be really so; the Proof to lie on the Owner.

' of the said Act at it herein recited Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said Act as is hereinbefore recited shall be, and is, and the same is hereby repealed.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall remove, deposit, hide or conceal any Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or Liquors preparing for Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or capable of being used as or apjuied to the Purposes thereof, or any Material or Materials for making, rectifying or purifying the same, subject or liable to the Duties of. Excise hereby imposed, with Intent to evade the Payment of such Duties, or so that His Majesty may be defrauded therein; or shall adulterate or mix with any Vinegar or Acetous Acid any other Acid (except Sulphuric Acid), m the Proportion not exceeding One Thousandth Part thereof by Weight, all such Vinegar or Acetous Add, Liquors and Materials so removed, taken away, hidden, concealed or adulterated, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and over and beftde such Forfeiture, all and every Person or Persons so offending, and all Person and Persons aiding or assisting or concerned therein, or receiving any such Vinegar or Acetous Acid, Liquors or Materials, without such Permit or Certificate as aforesaid, or with any false Permit or Certificate, shall several ly forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

. XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Excise for the time being, or the major Fart of them respectively, from time to time to compound for the Duty by this Act imposed for and in respect of Acetous Acid made in Great Britain, with any Redifier or Purifier of Acetous Acid, in such manner and Form, and upon such Terms and Con-ditions, as shall in the Judgment of such Commissioners be most to the Advantage and Improvement of the Receipts of the said Duty; any thing in this or any other Ad to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Question shall arise whether any Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or Liquors or Materials prepared or preparing for, or capable of being used as or applied to the Purposes of Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or which shall have been so used or applied respectively, which shall be seized as and for Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or Liquors or Materials prepared or preparing for, or capable of being used as or applied to the Purposes of Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or which shall have been so used or applied respectively, forfeited under or by virtue of this Act, he Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or Liquors or Materials premured or preparing for, or capable of being used as or applied to the Purposes of Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or which shall have been so used or applied respectively, for or on which such Forfeiture is by this Act imposed; the Proof of such Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or Liquors or Materials prepared or preparing for, or capable of being used as or of being applied to the Purposes of Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or which mail have been so used or applied respectively, not being Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or Liquors or Materials prepared or preparing for, or capable of being used as or applied to the Purposes of Vinegar or Acetous Acid, or which shall have been so used or applied respectively, for or on which such Forfeiture is by this Act imposed, Audi lie upon the Owner or Claimer thereof.

XXVIII. And

A.D.I818.

58° GEO. III.

261

[

r.

}

e

Is

I*

r:

a 65, 66.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every of the Powers, Di rest ion 8, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, matters and things which in and by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights9 Service and Purveyance; and for settling a Revenue upon Jriis Majesty in lieu thereof; chr by any other Law now in force relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise, are provided and established, shall be (except so far as any of them may be altered by this Act) practised, used and put in Execution, in and for the Purposes of this Act, as fully and eifeftually to all Intents and Pur-poses, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Claules, matters and things, were particularly repeated and re-enafted in this present Act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and: Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by such ways, means or Methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any JLaw or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, BUI, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Wejl-. minster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, respectively; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall* be to His Majesty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, and the other Moiety to him, her or them, who shall discover, inform or sue for the same.

u

ft

S'

):

%

2

*

*

f

it

*

I4

>

J

o

$

11

i:

CAP. LXVI.

An Act to empower any Three or more of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to exercise all the Powers and Authorities given to the said Commissioners by any Act or Acts of Parliament. [3d June 1818.]

* WHEREAS an Act paded in the Twenty sixth Year of the 4 VV Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for vejling 4 certain Sums in Commidioners at the End of every Quarter of a Tear,

* to he by them applied to the ReduQion of the National Debt: And 4 Whereas another Act passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign 4 of His present 'Majesty, intituled An Act for amending two A8s 4 Puffed in the Forty eighth and Forty ninth Tears of His present

* majesty, for enabling the Commissioners for the Redu8ion of the

* National Debt to grant Life Annuities: And Whereas it was by 4 the said first recited Act enacted, that all the Powers, and Autho-4 rities which the said Commissioners were or might be enabled to 4 exercise by the said recited Act, or any future Act or Acts of 4 Parliament, should and might be exercised by any Number not less 4 than Four: And Whereas by the said last recited Act it was enacted, 4 that it should be lawful for any Three or more of the said Com-4 missioners for the Reduction or the National Debt to execute and 4 do all matters and things which by the Acts therein recited and 4 the said recited Act the said Commissioners are required and em-4 powered to do: And Whereas Doubts have arisen as to whether 4 certain Acts, matters and things authorized and required to be 4 done by the said Commissioners under several Acts of Parliament 4 can be executed and done by Three of such Commissioners; and 4 it is expedient that such Doubts should be removed, and that any

S 3 4 Three

Powers of isC.a. c.S4* or any other Law of Excise, to extend to this Act.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

36-G.3. c. 31.

53 O. 3. c.139*

36 O. 3. c.31. f S+

C. 66, 67.

58 GEO. III.

A.D.18I8.

Three Commif-fi oners empowered to act.

Power* exercised hy Three Commissioners as valid as if done by Four.

57 G.3.C.107.

(suspended hy j8 0.3. c.i.)

57 O 3. e. 107. repealed.

Magiftratea of certain Qualifications to meet in Counties, Counties of Cities, 8tc.

< Three or more of the said Commissioners should be empowered to ad in all cafesBe it therefore enacted by The King's Moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That it shall be lawful for any Three or more of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to use and exercise all Powers and Authorities, and to execute and do all Acts, matters and things, which by virtue of any Act or Acts heretofore passed and now in force, or which may hereafter be palied, the said Commissioners are or may be required or authorized or empowered to use, exercise, execute, perform or do; any thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted. That all the Powers and Authorities which shall have been heretofore exercised and performed, and all Acts, matters and things which shall have been executed and done, by any Three'or more of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, shall be as valid and effectual in all Respects and to all Intents and Purposes as if such Powers and Authorities had been exercised, and such Acts, matters and things executed and done, by any Four of such Commissioners $ any thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act to provide for the more deliberate Investigation of Pre-fentments to be made by Grand Juries for Roads and Public Works in Ireland, and for accounting for Money raised by such Presentments. [3d June 1818.]

1 WHEREAS an Act was passed in the last Session of Parlia-

* YV ment, intituled An A3 to provide for the more deliberate ( Investigation of Presentments to be made by Grand Juries for Roads

* and Public Works in Ireland, and for accounting for Money raised 1 by such Presentments; and by an Act made in the present Session ' of Parliament, the Operation of the said recited Act of the last

* Session was suspended until the End of the present Sfffion of Par-

* liament; and it is expedient that the said recited Act of Jthe last

* Session of Parliament Should be repealed, and that more effectual«Provisions Should be made for the regular and deliberate Invefti-

* gation of the Necessity and Propriety of all Roads, Buildings and

* Works, which may be proposed to be executed under the Present-

< ment of the several Grand Juries in Ireland, under and by virtue

* of sundry Acts of Parliament$' Be it therefore euaded by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for every Magistrate of every County, County of a City, and County of a Town in Ireland, within their respective Jurisdiction, who fkau be seised and pofiefied of a Freehold Estate in Fee Simple or Fee Tail, or as Tenant for Life under Deed or Devise, in Pofieluon of the

annual

A.D. 1818. 58° GEO. III. C. 67. 283

annual Value of Three hundred Pounds at least, or of a Leasehold

Estate in Perpetuity, or for Life or Lives, or for any Term of

Years not left than Twenty Years unexpired, of the annual Value

of Five hundred Pounds at the least, or who shall be Heir Apparent

to any Person seised or possessed of Freehold or Leasehold Enates of

such Amount, or who shall be entitled to aft as a Magistrate for

any County of a City or County of a Town, or for any City and Li-

berties, according to the Charter of Incorporation of such City or

Town, although not pofiefied of a Freehold or Leasehold Estate to

the several Amounts aforesaid, to assemble, and such Magistrates are

hereby required to assemble, in the Court Houses and other ufual

Places of holding the Sessiona in each and every County, County

of a City, or County of a Town, at the General Quarter Seilions

of the Peace holden and to be holden in the Month of January,

and also at the Quarter Seilions holden and to be holdeu nearest to

Easter in each and every Year, immediately after all the usual Crown

or Criminal Business at such Seilions shall have been completed; Applications for

and such Magistrates so assembled shall at every such Seilions and m-king Roads

Adjournment thereof, upon the Bench in open Court, proceed to

take into Conlideration all Applications or Proposals for the making £" t£n t°£c*to

or repairing of Roads, or for the executing of any Public Works into Confidera-

belonging to the County of a City, County of a Town, or District tiou at the

in which such Magistrates are so assembled, in manner hereinafter times herein

mentioned; and shall adjourn such Sessions, for the Purposes of this *nemion«d*

Act, from Place to Place, within every County of Ireland, until such Seilions shall have been holden at all the several Court Houses and other Places of holding such Sessions within each County, where such Sessions shall be then holden For the Discharge of Crown or Criminal Business; and such Magistrates shall have Power to adjourn from Day to Day only fexcept from Saturday to Monday) and from Place to Place, until such Sessions shall be completed in all such Places as aforesaid $ all such Applications or Proposals as shall relate to any Roads or Public Works, for which it is intended to apply for Presentments at the Spring Assizes, shall be considered at Some such Sessions or Adjournment thereof, to be holden in the Month of January next preceding such Assizes; and all such Applications or Propofols as shall relate to any Roads or Public Works, for which it is intended to apply for Presentments at the Summer Assizes, shall be considered at Some such Sessions or Adjournment thereof to be holden nearest to Easter next preceding such Affixes.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Additional for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Places may be Ireland for the time being, upon any Representation to be to him b7

made by the Grand Jury for that Purpose, at any Assizes for any na*rt County, to nominate and appoint any one or more additional Town cati0'n of Grand or Towns, Place or Places, within such County, at which Town or Jury, for holding Towns, Place or Places, Special Sessions shall and may be holden at Special Seflioa the Said several Periods, for the Purpose of carrying this Act into to executing Execution within and for such District or Districts, to be measured by and to consist of Baronies, Half Baronies or Paristies, as shall, by Order of such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, upon such Representation as aforesaid, be annexed to such Town or Towns, Place or Places, for the Purposes of this Act; and such Special Sessions, for the Purposes of this Act, shall be holden

S 4? at

C.67-

58* GEO- III.

A. D. 1818*

Magi A rates sworn to execute Act.

Who to preside as Chairman.

Chairman to fend Lift of Magistrates qualifying, to Secretary of Grand Jury. Secretary to attend, Arc.

Notice of Applications for Proposals for Repairs of Roads, &c. to be posted as herein mentioned.

All Acts requiring grounding Affidavits repealed.

at and adjourned to such Towns or Places, so mentioned and appointed, in like manner as is hereinbefore required, with respect to the holding and adjourning Sessions at or to the several Places of holding Sessions for Crown or Criminal Business, until such Sessions shall have been holden at all the said Places respectively within each County.

IV. And be it further enacted, That at the First Meeting of such Magistrates at such Sessions (not less than Three Magistrates being present, or the whole Number of Magi ft rates in any County of a Town where such Number shall be less than Three!, every Magistrate at such Meeting shall take and subscribe an Oath, according to the Form in Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed, by and before any Two of the said Magistrates so being present (which Oath any One of such Magistrates is hereby authorized to administer); and every Magistrate who shall attend at any such Meeting, or any Adjournment thereof, shall, before acting in Execution of this Act, take and subscribe such Oath in like manner: Provided always, that such Magistrate shall preside as Chairman at every such Meeting or Adjournment thereof, as shall be chosen by the Majority of the Magistrates then present.

V. And be it further enacted. That the Chairman presiding at each and every such Meeting held under this Act, shall deliver to the Secretary of the Grand Jury of the County, County of a City or Town respectively, a correct Lift, signed by himself, of the Ma-

C'n ates who (hfril have taken and fubfenbed the said Oath, and who have been present at each such Meeting respectively; which Lift shall be laid before the Grand Jury by the said Secretary at the ensuing Assizes; and such Secretary is hereby required to attend each and every such Meeting, and ad as Clerk to the Magistrates there assembled; and shall adfo from time to time transmit or deliver all the Oaths of Qualification so made by such Magistrates to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, to be by him preserved among the Records of the County.

VI. And be it further enacted, That Notices in Writing of all Applications, Requests or Proposals for the laying out, forming, making or repairing of Roads, or for building or repairing of Court Houses, Sessions Houses, Bridges or Walls, or for executing any other public Works, intended to be submitted to the Magistrates at such Sessions, shall be posted, by or on behalf of the Persons making such Proposals, on the Door of the Parish Church, where there is any such Church in Repair, and where there is not any such Church in Repair, then on the Door of the next adjoining Parish Church which is in Repair, and also on the Door of any Roman Catholic Chapel which may be within the Parish to which such Pro-pofal relates, upon the Sunday next but one previous to the First Day of holding such General Quarter Sessions, in the Forenoon, between the Hours of Nine and Twelve o'clock.

VII. And be it further enacted. That from and after the First Day of November next ensuing the passing of this Act, all such Parti of any Act or Acts in force in Ireland as require any Affidavit or Affidavits to be made for the Purpose of grounding any Prefeotmeot or Presentments for the making or repairing any Road, or executing any public Work, shall, as to such Roads and^public Works, be and the same are hereby repealed; and that in lieu thereof, whenever it

5 shall

A.D. 1818.

58° GEO. III.

C. 67.

265

f

I

\

r

i£

>

A

g

tS

f

*

»

s-

£

f

f

5

*

s'

*

(

I*

S

i

shall be intended that any Application, Request or Proposal shall be made to the Magistrates at any SeflionB to be bolden pursuant to this Act, for the laying out, forming, making or repairing of Roads, or for building or repairing of Court Houses, Sessions Houses, Bridget or Walls, or for executing any other public Works, such Application shall be made in Writing, as nearly as may be in some one of the Forms marked (B, C, D, £, F, G, and H) in the Schedule to this A d annexed, respectively set forth, signed by at lead two Persons, fully describing the Nature of the Road, Building or Work proposed or deiired, accompanied with a detailed Estimate of the Ex pence thereof, a Specification of the Quantity and Nature of the Materials to be uifed, and also with such Maps, Sedions, Ground Plans and Elevations, as shall be necessary for fully explaining and ascertaining the Situation, Nature, Utility and probable Expence of such Road, Building or Work respectively; and every such Estimate, Specification, Map, Ground Plan, Section and Elevation, shall be signed by some known Surveyor, Engineer or Archited, or by some other competent Person; and the Expence attending the making of every such Estimate, Map, Section, Ground Plan and Elevation, shall be defrayed and borne by the Person6 making such Application, or one of them.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Presentment shall be made for laying out any such new Road, unless it shall appear to the Grand Jury, by the Affidavit of One credible Witness, sworn before a Justice of the Peace for such County, that a Map of such new Road has been deposited with the Treasurer of the County Twenty one Days at least before the Commission Day of the Assizes, and that a Notice setting forth that an Application is intended to be made at the next Assizes for a Presentment to lay out a new Road from to diftinguiftiing the

several Townlands and Baronies or Half Baronies through which it is intended to be carried, with the Number of Perches it is to be made in Length through each Townland, has been perfonallv served upon or left at the House of each Occupier of the Land tnrough which such new Road is intended to be made in such County, Twenty one Days at least before the Commission Day of the Assizes, and that a like Notice has been also posted upon the Door of the County Court House Twenty.one Days at least before the Commission Day of the Afiizes; nor uulefs it shall also appear, by an Affidavit sworn in like manner, unless the same be from Post Town to Post Town, and presented under the Regulations of an A d passed in Ireland in the Thirty Second Year of His prefect Majesty, intituled An Act for improving and keeping in Repair the Pofi Roads of this Kingdom, that no Part of such new Road is to be made through any Deer Park or Field endofed with a Wall built of Lime and Stone or Bricks Five Feet high or more, without the Consent of the Owner thereof; and no Part thereof is to be made through any HouSe entirely built with Lime and Stone or Bricks, or through any Office or Orchard belonging to any Person inhabiting a House so built, without the Con-fcnt ofifuch Person.

IX* Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall repeal any Part of any Act or Acts now in force in Ireland requiring certain Affidavits to be taken by Supervisors and

Deputy

Hi lieu thereof, Application for Road* and Works to be made to Seilions in writing, with Estimate* and Mips annexed, and signed by a Surveyor, See.

By whom Expence defrayed.

Affidavit required as to new Road.

Affidavit to state that Road is not to be made through any Deer Park, Sec.

(Exception, ) without Consent of Owner, ftc.

Proviso for Ada requiring Affidavits by Supervi-fora.

266

Estimate written on ftampcJ Paper.

How and upon what Scale Maps of Roads shall be drawn to accompany Applications for them.

Estimates, &c. lodged with Secretary of Grand Jury 15 Days before each Session, &c. Secretary to arrange and number Estimates, and m?ke fe-parate Schedules of the same.

C. 67. 58° GEO. III. A.D. 1818.

Deputy Supervisors, for grounding any Presentment or Presentments for Money advanced by them.

X. And be it further enacted, That every such Estimate shall be written upon a Paper stamped in the same manner and with the same Amount of Stamp Duty as is or shall by Law be payable for and in respect of the Affidavit necessary for grounding the Presentment so applied for.

XI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any such Application shall be for the making any new Road or Line of Road, whatever the proposed Length of such Road shall be, or for the widening any old Road, or for the lowering any Hill, or for the filling up of any Hollow in any Line of Road, the Map or Plan accompanying the Estimate on such Application shall be drawn upon a Scale not less than that of Twenty Perches to an Inch; and such Map of Plan shall correctly exhibit the Ground Plan of every such proposed Road, and also of every adjoining public Road or Highway with which it may be necessary or deferable to compare it, m order to determine on the Expediency of complying with such Application; and such Map or Plan shall also be (haded in such manner as to represent and exhibit the Situation of all Hills occurring on the Line of any such proposed or existing Road, and also shall exhibit all Streams of Water which may run or flow across any such proposed or existing Road, and all Bogs or Marshes through which any such proposed or existing Road may paf9, and the Boundaries and Denominations of all such Townlands as any such Road shall traverse, so far as they are respectively interfered by the said Road, and all Houses standing or being within Ten Perches of any such proposed or existing Road respectively, and the Names of the occupying Tenants thereof respectively; and every such Map or Plan shall be accompanied by a perpendicular Section of every such proposed and existing Road, and in the Case of a new Road by a Cross Section likewise of the same, showing the intended Form of the said new Road, and the Depth and Position of the Materials to be employed thereon; the Scale of which Se&ion or Sections shall be in such Proportion to the Ground Plan of such proposed and existing Roads, as shall be convenient for the due Comparison of such Sections and Ground Plans with each other, and every such Map and perpendicular Se&ion shall show in every Part of all such proposed or existing Roads, and of all such Hills and Hollows as shall be delineated in such Map, the Degree of Rife or Fall and Inclination or Declination (expreffedin Feet and Inches) of every Part of the Surface of such Roads, Hills and Hollows respectively; and the Height (expreffed in Feet and Inches) of every Part of such Surface above the base Line thereof.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every such Application, with the Estimates, Maps, Se&ions, Ground Plans and Elevations relating thereto shall be lodged with the Secretary of the Grand Jury Fifteen Days at the least previous to the first Day of the said January and Easter Quarter Sessions to be holden respectively in each and every Year; and every such Secretary shall, immediately upon the Receipt of such Applications, with the Estimates, Plans and other Matters relating thereto, arrange the same to the best of his Skill and Knowledge, according to the several Diftri&s in which they shall be to be taken into Consideration, and shall number and make Abftrads of the Contents of the same in separate Schedules, (that is to say, One Schedule

58° GEO. III.

C. 67.

267

dule for each District); and every Ab ft raft in every such Schedule shall be marked with a Number corresponding with the Numbers in-dorfed upon the several Applications, and in such manner as that all the proposed Repairs on any Line of Road shall be placed in regular Order one after the other.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Secretary of the Grand Jury shall lay before such Magistrates at every such Sessiona respectively, and the several Adjournments thereof, all the Applications with the Estimates, Maps and other Matters relating thereto respectively, which shall have been lodged with him as aforesaid, for executing public Works within the District or County of a City or County of a Town in which such Magistrates shall be so assembled, together with the Schedule of the same so made by him as aforesaid; and the Surveyor or other Person by whom any such Estimate shall be signed as required by this Act, shall attend at such Sessions (at the Expence of the Parties making such Application), and shall be there lworn before the said Magistrates in open Court upon the Bench, to the Truth of such Estimate, and of all Maps, Plans and Papers signed by such Surveyor or other Person; whereupon such Estimate shall be marked " Sworn/9 and signed by the presiding Magi ft rate; and such Surveyor or other Person shall also be sworn in open Court to make true Answer to all such Questions as shall be then asked of him respecting such proposed Work; and it shall be lawful for any Person desiring Information respecting the Particulars of such proposed Work, to examine such Surveyor or other Person having to signed and fworq to the same; and such Magistrates so af-sembled, or such Number as shall be present, being not less than Three, shall proceed in open Court, upon the Bench there, to take into Consideration and dispose of all such Applications whereof Notice shall have been posted and given fn manner required by this Act (such Notice to be proved on Gath to the Satisfaction of such Magistrates), and the'Estimate, Maps, Plans and Papers relating whereto wall be sworn at such Sessions in manner required by this Act, and none others; and such of the said Applications as shall be approved by the Majority at such Sessions as aforesaid, shall be signed by the Chairman, with the word " Approved99 prefixed; and all such Proposals as shall be disapproved by the Majority at such Sessions, shall be signed by the Chairman with the word " Disapproved*9 prefixed; and such Chairman, in all cases when the Numbers are equal, shall have a casting Voice: Provided always, that all Estimates relating to such Applications shall be sworn before the Magistrates assembled as aforesaid within the District in which the Road or Work*to which such Application shall relate is proposed to be executed; and that in all cases the Chairman of such Sessions, and some One other Magistrate present at such Section, shall both of them sign the Jurat of every such Affidavit; and so soon as the Magistrates assembled at such Sessions shall have examined and decided upon all such Applications in such Districts as shall be laid before them at such Sessions, the Chairman of such Sessions shall deliver all such Applications, whether approved or disapproved, together with the Estimates, Maps, Plans and all other Matters relating to the same, to the said Secretary of the Grand Jury; and all such Applications, whether approved or dif-approved, shall by the said Secretaiy of the Grand Jury be laid before the Grand Jury at the next exuuing Affixes.

XIV. Pro-

Secretary of Grand Jury fco lay Applications, Efiimates, 8c c. befme Selfions.

Notice of Application.

Estimates to bt sworn before Sessions.

Chairman to deliver Applications, Presentments, 8cc. to Secretary of Grand Jury,

C. 67.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Where the Sum applied for does not exceed lot. an Estimate only to be produced.

T reafurers, Secretary, Collector, &c. not to be impannel-led on a Jury.

Present Oath of Grand Juror* not to extend to Presentments (or Public Works.

Oath of Grand Jury relating to Presentments for railing Money, &c.

Grand Juror may disclose Evidence.

Secaetarv to make Schedules, entering Ab-ftrads of all Applications. What such Schedules are to (late.

XIV. Provided always. That in all cases of Application for re-pairing Roads, wherein the total Sum applied for shall not exceed Twenty Pounds, it shall not be necessary to produce any Map or Section, or for any Surveyor to be examined relating to the said Application, but that in such cases the written Application shall be accompanied by an Estimate in the Form prescribed by Schedule (G.) subscribed bv the Persons who shall have subscribed such Application; and that at lead One of the said Persons shall attend at such Quarter Sessions, and verify upon Oath the Fairness of such Estimate, aod further answer upon Oafh all such Questions relating to the same as shall be put to him by any Magistrate acting at such Quarter Sessions.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Sheriff of any County, County of a City, or County of a Town, to return upon any Panncl for any Grand Jury at any Assizes in such County, County of a City, or County of a Town, any Person who shall be either Treasurer of the County, Secretary of the Grand Jury, Chief Constable, or Collector of any Barony, or Clerk of the Crown, or Clerk of the Peace.

XVI. And be it further enacted and declared that the Oath taken by Grand Jurors in Ireland, in such manner and Form as hath heretofore been practised according to Law at the several Assizes in Ireland, shall not, at any time after the passing of this Act, extend or relate, or be construed or taken to extend or relate to any of the Duties of Grand Jurors connected with Presentments for the Execution of Public Works.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, every Grand Juror, immediately after being sworn before the Judge of Assize in such manner and Form as hath heretofore been practised according to Law at the several Assizes in Ireland* shall in open Court at such Assizes also take the Oath following; that is to say,

4 YOU shall diligently inquire, on behalf of the County [or County

* of the City, or County of the Town} of and

' true Presentment make, of all such matters and things as shall be

* lawfully given to you in Charge, or as shall come before you in any 4 wife, relating to the railing of any Money upon the said County

* [or County of City, or County ot Town] of of

4 being any Barony, Half Barony, District or Parish therein, or re-4 lating to the Expenditure of any such Money: You shall not pre-

* sent, nor allow nor disallow any Matter or thing through Hatred, 4 Malice or ill Will, nor through Fear, Favour or Affection.

So help you GOD.* And it shall and may be lawful for any Grand Juror to disclose any Evidence or other matter or thing whatsoever, relative to the making or refuflng of any such Presentment, or relative to the Expenditure of any Money railed by Presentment.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary to the Grand Jury shall forthwith after the Selfions of Magistrates shall have been held in the several Districts at the time specified, arrange and number all such Applications, Estimates, Presentments, and other Matters relating to such Estimates and Presentments, and shall cause Abftrads thereof to he made and inserted in Schedules, to be made (One for each Barony and Half Barony, and One for the County),

with

A. D. 1818. 58° GEO. IIL C. 67.

with each Item Separately numbered; distinguishing by the Words «< Approved, " or " Disapproved, " the Determination of the Ma-giftrates on every such Application, at any Sessions holden under 1 this AH; and stating the Sum of Money required for each Item, l and casting up the Amount of all such Sums at the Foot of each Page, and carrying forward the same, so as to (how the total Amount t of the Sum which is proposed or required to be raised off the County at large, and the Sums proposed or required to be raised in *eacfi Barony and Half Barony, and Specifying the Amount of the Charge c which such Amount would, if presented, occasion on each Barony or Half Barony, particularizing and distinguishing the Charge proposed or required to be raised on every Barony or Half Barony for their f refpettive Use, and the Proportion of the Sums so to be raised on

{ the same Barony or Half Barony, ariling from the Charge on the

i County at large; and such Secretary shall cause a Copy of such Schedules to be infested in the County and Barony Books, according as the Charge shall belong either to the County or Barony, always; inserting in the County Book such as may be doubtful, as depending on the discretionary Power veiled in Grand Juries; and such Secretary shall forthwith cause a Number of Copies of such Schedules to be printed and distributed. Ten Days at least before the Commif-iion Day of the ensuing Assizes, among the Several Magistrates of.each District, and such other Persons as usually compose the Grand Pannel of the County, County of a City or Town, to which such t Secretary belongs, not exceeding Thirty Copies for each Barony and Half Barony; and such Secretary shall like wife deliver a Copy of; such printed Schedule to the Foreman of the Grand Jury, imme-

i diately after such Grand Jury shall have been Sworn, and also a

: Copy to the Judge of Assize, immediately upon his opening the

Commission, and shall keep a Copy in his Office for the Infpe&ion of all whom it may concern; and the Said Secretary shall have such Copy ready for Infpc&ion at his Office at all reasonable times, after.fucn Schedule has been printed, previous to such Assizes.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary to the Grand Jury at every Assizes (fo Soon as the Grand Jury shall be Sworn at such Assizes) shall deliver all such Applications, the Estimates, Maps, Plans and Papers relating whereto shall have been Sworn to at any Sessions of such Magistrates, together with the Forms of the Presentments thereon, to the Foreman of such Grand Jury, and such Grand Jury shall proceed to take the same into Coniideration; and such of the Said Presentments as shall be disapproved of by such Grand Jury, shall and may be forthwith either altered or cancelled accordingly, and shall, by the Secretary, be erased from or altered in the County or Barony Books; and such of the Said Presentments as shall be approved by the Said Grand Jury, shall be Sanctioned conformably to such Approyal, by the Signature of the Foreman of fuah Grand Jury; and it mall and may be lawful for any Grand Jury to make any Presentment in respect of any Road or Public Work, the Particulars of the Application relating to which shall be entered in such printed Schedules, although any such Application for such Road or Public Work shall have been disapproved of by the Magis. tratea at any such Sessions; and also to present any Smaller Sum to be expended, or any less Number of Perches of Road to be made, widened or repaired, or any less Number of Perches of Fences to be

made*

26<J

Schedules to be printed and distributed.

Secretary to deliver a Copy of Schedule* to Foreman of Grand Jury, and to Judge of Aflise, &c.

Affidavits and Presentments to be delivered by Secretary of Grand Jury to Foreman of Grand Jury.

Proceedings

thereon.

270

C* 67*

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

No Presentment to be con-fide red by Grand Jury nor fiated by Court, if not entered in printed Schedule.

(Exception.)

Presentments for Remuneration to Secretary of the Grand Jury.

No Money pre-fentable for any Person holding Offices unless he hat made Affidavit as herein mentioned at each Affixes.

Proviso for refusal of Application for Salary through Mifcon-dud of Party.

made, or at a {mailer Rate by the Fetch, than may be required or set forth in any Edimate on which any Presentment shall be grounded, or to present a Part only of any Sum required aceocding to the Discretion of fpch Grand Jury.

XX. And be it further enacted, That no Presentment (ballbe taken into Consideration by the Grand Jury, nor shall be fiated by the Court, for any of the Purposes aforesaid, unless the Particulm of such proposed Preferments shall be entered in such printed Schedules; such Preferments, matters or things only excepted h Grand Juries are or may be authorized by Law to present, the Par-ticulars of which and the Amount whereof could not have ben ascertained previous to the Quarter Seffioos neat preceding such Affixes, all which Presentments, matters and things may be pmented by such Grand Jury after being so impannelect, although the Purpose thereof shall not be specified or referred to in any of such Schedules as aforesaid, and although no Proceedings shall have been had relating thereto in manner required by this Act at the Quarter Seffioos preceding such Assizes.

XXL And be it further enacted, That it shall and may he lawful for any Grand Jury, at any Assizes, to present any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, to be raised off fnch County, as an Allowance or Remuneration to the Secretary of the Grand Jury for his Attendance at each of the Places wherein any Seffioos or Adjournment thereof shall have been holden, previous to such Affiies for the Purposes of this Act, and for the performing and executing the Duties required by this Act to be performed by such Secretary of the Grand Jury.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawfod for any Grand Jury, at any Assizes, to present any Sum or Sant of Money in the Way of Salary, or any other AJlowance for the Payment or Remuneration of any Person holding or executing, or having held or executed, any Office for which any Salary or Allot* ance is claimed, unless there he an Affidavit of such Person prefixed to the Form of the Presentment for the same when laid before such Grand Jury, fwom before a Justice of the Peace in Presence of the Grand Jury, setting forth that such Officer, for whom the Money is required to be presented, hath diligently and faithfully executed the Duties of his Office as prescribed by Law, since the preceding Assizes; and that he has entered into all such Recognizances for the due and faithful Execution of his Office, which by any Law he is required to do, to the bed of his Knowledge and Belief, specifying the Names of the respective Sureties; and no Application (hill be made for any Presentment for any Salary or Remuneration to any Person at any Assizes, which might have been applied and presented for at any previous Assizes, unless the Person making such Application shall make an Affidavit, dating some Reasons, fatiafa&ory to the Grand Jury, why such Application was not made at such previous Assizes $ and if it shall happen that any Application for any Salary or Remuneration shall be rejected or refused by any Grand Jury at any Assizes, on account of any Neglect or Misconduct in Office of the Party making such Application, it shall not be lawful for any Grand Jury, at any subsequent Assizes, to make any Presentment for any such Salary or Remuneration, in respect of any Period previous to the Assizes at which such Application was rejected or refused.

XXIII. And

A. D. 1818.

58° GEO. III.

271

C. 67-

, XXIII. And be it farther enacted, That after the First Day of'November next ensuing after the passing of this Act, the Expenditure'of every Sum of Money presented by any Grand Jury for the making'or repairing any Road, or executing any public Work, within any Barony or Half Barony of any County, or within any County of a City or Town, shall be accounted for at any General Quarter Sefiions of the Peace to be holden in such County, County of a City or Town, in which such Road or Work shall be (ituate, and not elsewhere, any .Law, Statute, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding; and that all Persons intending to account for the Expenditure of any such Sum of Money at any such Quarter Sefiions, shall give ' Notice in Writing to the Clerk of the Peace of their Intention so to \ do, at lead Fifteen Days before the First Day of such Sessions; and the said Clerk of the Peace shall, Ten Days at lead before the First Day of such Quarter Sessions, affix on the Door of the Sefiions c House or Court House of the Town or Place where such Sefiions Shall be holden, a List of the Names of all Persons who shall have given such Notice, and of the Roads or Works for the Expenditure whereon each Ferfon has so given Notice to account; and at every such Quarter Sefiions all Accounts of which such Notice shall have so been given by the Party -accounting, and all Vouchers relating thereto, mall be verified by the Oath of the attending Overseer appointed by the Grand Jury, and shall be examined in open Court [ at such Selfions, and all such Oaths shall be administered in open Court by the presiding Magistrate; and all other Bufinpfs before such Court shall in the mean time cease; and every such Oath shall be subscribed by the Party making the same, and shall be attested by Two of the Justices of the Peace, attending such Meeting, in the Presence of each other, fitting on the Bench in open Court; and all such Accounts, and all Affidavits relating thereto, shall be forth' with transmitted or delivered to the Secretary or Grand Jury by the Clevk of the Peace, to be proceeded upon by the Grand Jury at the next ensuing Assizes, and the Queries on the Presentments relating thereto shall be discharged by laid Grand Jury in such' manner in all respects as is now required by Law with respect to accounting Affidavits laid before Grand Juries at any Assizes; and from and after the First Day of July which will be in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, it shall not be lawful for the Treasurer of any County, County of a City or Town,

* to pay any Sum or Sums of Money on account or in respect of any Presentment whatever, until the Queries thereon shall be discharged at such Assizes, after the Expenditure thereon shall have been accounted for in manner required by this Act, any Law, Statute, Custom or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

* XXIV. And Whereas it will contribute to lessen the Expence of c executing any Public Works, if the Overseers appointed by the € Grand Juries were enabled to make Contrafts for the same Be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the First Day of November next, any Overseer may and is hereby empowered to enter into a Contract with any fit and proper Person or Persons for the Execution of any public Works to be performed by him; and that in all such cases as it is required by any Act or Acts now in force for any Overseer to swear that the Account annexed to his accounting Affidavit is true in every Part, the said annexed Account may recite

a Statement

All Money presented by Grand Jury to be accounted for at Quarter Sefliona, on Notice and on Affidavit in open Court, See. after the First Day of November;

and transmitted to the Secretary of the Grand Jury to be proceeded upon.

Treasurer of County, See. not to pay Money until Queries discharged.

Overfeera appointed by Grand Juries empowered to eater into Contract for Public Works.

272

C. 67'

58 GEO. III.

A. 1X1818.

Where Expenditure accounted for at O&ober Selfions, Trea-furer to issue Money.

By what Persons accounting Affidavit may be travelled on Notice to accounting Over-Tier.

How Traverse tried.

Costs.

Sums not expended within Two Years to be presented again, tec.

Proviso for, Money raised by Inftakntnts.

a Statement of the Works having been performed by Coatrad, and a Copy of the Contract in place of a detailed Account of the Number of Persons or Horses actually employed in the Execution of the Works.

XXV. Provided always, and he it enacted, That where the Expenditure relating to any Presentment shall be duly accounted for at any Quarter Sessions that shall be held in the Month of QQober, it shall and may be lawful for the County Treasurer to issue the Money presented for the said Work, or such Portion thereof as shall be accounted for, to the Person entitled to receive the same, at the time and in the manner in which such Treasurer is now by Law authorized to pay the same.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person occupying or paying Cess for Ten Acres of Ground, to appear at any Assizes or General Quarter Sessions to be holden withiu each County in Ireland respectively, and to offer to controvert the Truth of any accounting Affidavit there produced, on the Ground of the Inefficiency of the Execution of the Work, or the undue or Non Expenditure of the Money to which such Affidavit shall relate; provided that the Person offering to controvert the Truth of such Affidavit as aforesaid shall have given Notice in Writing of his Intention so to do, to the accounting Overseer, before the First Day of such Sessions or Assizes, as the case may be; and whenever i any such Person so having given Notice as aforesaid shall so appear and offer to controvert the Truth of such Affidavit, it shall be lawful for the Court at such Assizes or Sessions, as the case may be, and they are hereby required to try the Truth of the Fad or Fads alleged in Controverfion of the Truth of such Affidavit, by a Jury,

in the same manner as any Traverse within the Jurisdiction of such Court ought to he tried; and in case the Truth of such Fad or Fads shall be found, the accounting Affidavit shall be disallowed accordingly; and it shall not be lawful for the Clerk of the Crown, Clerk of the Peace or any other Persons, to take or receive upon such Traverse any Fee for or in respect of any such Traverse; and it shall be lawful for the Court before which such Trial shall be had, to give such Costs, either to the Party controverting such Affidavit, in case such Affidavit shall be disallowed, (or to the accounting Overseer in case such Affidavit shall be allowed, ) as such Court shall in either case think fit and reasonable, and the Amount of such Costs shall be recoverable by Civil Bill within the proper Jurisdiction.

XXVII. And be it further enacted. That wnenever and so often as it shall happen that any Sum of Money heretofore presented, or hereafter to be presented, to be raised off any County, County of a City or County of a Town, or any Barony or Half Barony, shall not be expended agreeable to such Presentment and accounted for within the Space of Two Years next after such Presentment shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of such County, County of a. City or County of a Town, and they are hereby required again to present such Sums of Money, to be applied to other Purposes, and in like manner to present any Saving which may be made on any Presentment, to be expended upon same other Work within the Barony or Half Barony upon which the former Sum or such Saving was presented to he raised, or within the County, if raised on the County at large; Provided always, that

where

58° GEO. III.

C. 67.

273

where Sums sure prefeoted to be raised by Iiiftalmcuts for executing any Public Work, it shall not be imperative on the Grand Jury again to present such Sums for other Purposes in manner aforesaid.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day of November next ensuing the passing of this Act, in all cases where any Barony within any County shall consist of any Two or more diftinlfc and Unconne&ed Parts, and the Grand Jury mall be of opinion that it would be convenient and expedient to consider such unconnected Farts as separate Baronies or Half Baronies, it shall and may be lawful for such Grand Jury to present any Sums to be raised upon such Barony in1 such maaner that a Proportion of such Sum may be raised on each of such unconnected Parts of such Barony, in like manner as if such Parts were separate and distinct Baronies or Half Baronies; and the same shall be raised and levied accordingly; any former Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That any Person who in any Affidavit, or in any Examination on Oath required to be made or had under this Act shall swear falsely, shall be subjed*and liable to all such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as may be infii&ed on wilful and corrupt Perjury by the Laws in force in Ireland.

XXX.'And be it further enacted, That in all cases where, upon any Affidavit for supporting any Application for any Presentment, or for authenticating any Estimate, or other matter or thing relating to such'Application, according to the Direction of this Act, or for accounting for Public Money, it shall appear to the Grand Jury that the Person or Persons making such. Affidavits has or have been guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, ' it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury to make such Presentment for defraying the Profecu-tton of such Delinquent as to them may seem fitting and expedient.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to the County of Dublin, or to the County of the City of Dublin, except only so far as is hereinafter expressly enacted and provided by this Act; aiid that nothing in this Act contained shall alter or repeal or be*construed to alter or repeal any Local Ad relating to the manner of presenting or accounting in any other County, or County of a City or County of a Town in Ireland.

* XXXII. And Whereas by an Act passed irf the Parliament of

* Ireland in the Twenty sixth .Year of the Reign of His present

* Majesty, intituled An Act for making, widening and repairing

* Public Roads in the County of Dublin, and for repealing Parts of

* several Acts formerly made for that Purpose; it is enacted, that 1 every Affidavit to ground a Presentment, or to account for Work

* done, shall be lodged with the Secretary of the Grand Jury Four

* Days at lead before the First Sitting Day of each presenting

* Term; and it would.be of great Benefit and Advantage to the said ' County of Dublin, that the said Affidavits should be lodged tVith

* the acting Secretary of the Grand Jury of the said County so many € Days previous to the First Sitting Day of each presenting Term,

* that Schedules of such Affidavits might be prepared and printed

* for Delivery to Magistrates and others previous to such Term / Be it therefore enacted, That all Affidavits for Preferments for forming, leyelling, fencing, draining, widening, making, repairing or

53 Geo. III. T otherwise

Where Paronie9

confift of dillinct and unconnected Parts, ho** Sums raised on them to be apportioned.

False swearing. Perjury.

In case of Perjury, Grand Jury may or lor and prti'enr Expence of Prosecution.

Proviso for County and County of City of Dublin, Sec. and for local Alts.

16 G 3. (T) c. 14- requiring Affidavits for grounding Pre-fentmenth, Ac. to be lodged with Secretary of Grand Jury in the County o! Dublin.

Certain Affidavits shall be lodged 30 Days previous to presenting Term and Schedules ot such Affidavits prepared utd printed for Delivery i 1

A

274

C. 67.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818

Day* before the Term, in the County of Dublin.

Grand Juries

may present for Ekpences of preparing and urint-inc such 8che-Hule*.

Proviso.

Pro\ifo for Pre-fentments for Repayment of Monies advanced by Order ofljord Lieu-emnt, fee.

Proviso for special A6U re-fpeMtng Court House*, See.

Commencement of Ad.

otherwise improving any Road in the County of Dublin^ and for the building, repairing or otherwise improving any Bridge, Session House, Gaol or other Mafonwork in the County, and ufo all accounting Affidavits of Overseers appointed from Year to Year to keep the Roads of the said County in Repair and free from Nuisances, shall be lodged Thirty Days at the least before the First Sitting Day of each presenting Term, with the acting Secretary of the Grand Jury of the said County; and such Secretary is hereby required to keep an Office open for the Purpose; and forthwith after the Receipt of such Affidavits to cause Schedules of such Affidavits to be prepared and printed, and to b# ready, for Delivery at his Office Twenty one clear Days before the First Sitting Day of each presenting Term, to such Magistrates and Landholders in the said County of Dublin as may apply for the same; provided that the Number so to be printed shall not exceed Fifty tor each Barony in the said County of Dublin, (the Baronies of Saint Sepulchre* t and Donore excepted.}

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for*the Grand Jury of the said County of Dublin, and they are hereby authorized and required, * at each presenting Term for the said County, to present such Sum or Sums as shall be neceflaij for defraying the Expences of preparing and printing the said Schedules; provided always, that an Affidavit of the Printer, Hating his Charge to be usual and reasonable, be first laid before the said Grand Jury at such presenting Term; and that no such Preferment for the preparing fuen Schedules and printing of such Copies shall be made, unless such printed Copies were ready for Delivery at the Office of the Secretary.Twenty one clear Days before the First Sitting Day of the Term at which such Preferment shall be applied for.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, . That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to limit the Authority of Grand Juries in making any Preferment at any Affixes for the Repayment of any Monies adyanced by Order of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or for the raising of any Money for the Support and Maintenance of any Charitable Eftablifh-ment, or for any Purposes not specially provided for by this Act, for which such Grand Jury are or may be empowered to make any Preferment.

XXXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be conftrued- to extend to affea or alter any Clauses, Powers or Provisions contained in any special Act or Acts of Parliament relating particularly to the Eredion or Maintenance of any Court House, Sessions House, or County House, or to any Gaol or Prison in or for any County, or County of a City, or County of a Town, in Ireland.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect from the First Day of November next after the passing of this Act, and not foorier.

Schedule (A.) .

FORM of OATH of Magistrates ait Sessions, acting in Execution.of this Act.

T A. B. of C. jD. do swear, That I am seised and possessed of a

Freehold Estate in Fee Simple' [or/ in Fee Tail, or, as Tenant for Life under Deed or Devife] in rofcffion of the annual Value of

Three

C. 67>

275

58" GEO. in.

Three hundred Pounds [or, of a Leasehold Estate in Perpetuity, er, for Life or Lives, or, for a Term of Years not less than Twenty one Years unexpired, of the Annual Value of Five hundred Pounds; or, that I am an Heir Apparent of E. F, who is fdfed or pofiefied of a Freehold Estate of the annual Value of Three hundred Pounds, or, of a Leasehold Estate for Life or Lives, or for a Term of Years not less than Twenty one Years unexpired, of the Annual Value of Five hundred Pounds]; and that such Estate is situate in the Parish of and confifts of [here fpectfy the Name of the

Tovtnland or other Defcreption of the Property ]; and that the said Estate is bond side the Property of the Person hereinbefore stated, and not holden in Trust, nor conveyed to him for the Purposes of this Act; or, that I am entitled to ad as a Magistrate for the County of the City of# or, for the County of the Town of

according to the Charter of Incorporation thereof; and that in the Execution of an Act made in the Fifty eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [here insert the Title of tbit A8]% I wul truly, faithfully, and impartially do and perform all such matters and things as I am authorized and required to do by the said Act, without Fayour, Afsection, Hatred, Malice or ill Will, according to the best of my Judgment, upon the Information to be laid before me. So help me GOD.

Schedule (B.)

APPLICATION AND ESTIMATE FOA A BUILDING.

County of 1 "W7E A. B* of in the County of

J VY and C* D. of in

the County of do certify. That in our Opinion it is

neceflhry to build a or repair a [at the

case may be"] at in the Barony of

in laid County; and that we have caused the annexed Plan, Elevation, Estimate and Specification to be made by B* F. a competent Person, (killed in such Work; and that the Estimate is in pur Opinion fair and reasonable.

If the Application be for repairing, the IVordt Plan, Section, and Elevation, may he omitted*

(Signed) A. B.

[Here annex the Estimate and Specification required by this Act.]

1

Schedule (C.)

FOB A NEW LINE OF ROAD OR FOOTPATH.

TAfE A. B. of in the County of

and C. D. of in the County of.

do certify, That in our Opinion it is necessary to open' a new Line of Road or Footpath, as the case may be, from to

and that we have caused the annexed Map, Estimate and Specification to be made by E- F. a competent Surveyor; and that the said Estimate includes the whole probable Expence of making the said Road, and appears to be a reasonable Charge.

T 2

ESTIMATE.

276

C.67.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

ESTIMATE*

[State the Number of Perches, each Townland with the Baronies through which it is to pass, the intended Width of the Road, fpeci-fying the Width of the Part to be covered with Gravel or Small Stones, the average Depth of such Covering, Prices to be paid for forming, leyelling, fencing and finishing the same, whether it is pro-pofed to be executed by Talk or Days* Work, the Price of drawing he Materials, whether by Talk or Days* Work, and such further Particulars of the intended Expenditure as may seem necessary, with the total Expence of such Line of Road.]

Schedule (D.) 9

FOR WIDENING ROADS*

A- 2?. of in the County of

and C. D. of in the County of

do certify, That we have lately viewed and examined

Perches of the Road from to

between and

in the Baronies of in the said County; which Part of such Road is only

Feet wide between the Fences; and we are of Opinion that it would be useful to widen the said Road, so as to make such Parts of the said Road Feet wide be-

tween the Fences; and we have caused the annexed Eilimate and Specification to be made by 2?. F, a competent Person, (killed in such Work; and the said Eilimate and Specification we are of Opinion is fair and reasonable.

SECOND ESTIMATE*

[State the Width of the present Road, how much is to be widened, specifying the Width to be covered with Gravel or Small Stones, the average Depth of such Covering, the Prices of forming, leyelling, fencing and finilhing, whether it is proposed to be executed by Talk or Days' Work, the Price of drawing Materials, whether by Talk or Days' Work, and such further Particulars of the intended Expenditure as may seem necelTary, with the total Expence thereof.]

Schedule (E.)

FOR LOWERING A HILL, OR FILLING A HOLLOW.

TK7 E yf. B. of in the County of

v and C. D. of in the County of

do certify, That we have lately viewed a Hill or Hollow, lying or being at on the Road between

and*ih the Barony of in

said County; and that we are of Opinion that it would be useful to the Public to lower [uch Hill and fill such Hollow $ and that the Rond cannot be conveniently changed to avoid such Hill or such Hollow, without incurring a greater Expence, or causing a consider-able Increase in-the Length of said Road; and we have caused E. F. a competent Person, skilled in such Work, to measure and

eilimate

58° GEO. III.

277

C. 67.

estimate the same $ and his said Estimate and Specification arc, in our Opinion, fair and reasonable.

[Here annex the Estimate and Specification required by this Act.] Schedule (F.)

rOR FILLING GRIPS.

T A. B. of in the County of

and C. D* of in the County, of

do certify, That we have viewed and examined a Grip adjoining the Road leading from to

in the said County, in the Townland or Townlands of

in the Barony of in the said

County, which Grip is dangerous to Traveliers; and that we have caused an Estimate of the Expence of filling such Grip to be made by E. F. a competent Person, (killed in such Work; and the said Estimate and Specification are, in our Opinion, fair and reasonable.

ESTIMATE AND SPECIFICATION..

[Shall set forth the Length and average Breadth and Depth of such

Grips.]

VUE A. B. of and C.Z). of

Schedule (G.)

FOR REPAIRS (?F ROADS.

in the County of in the County of do certify* That we have viewed and measured ,

Perches, of the Road from to

between and all

of which are*in bad Repair, and all in the Townland of ort that of the said Perches are in- the

Townland of and of the-

said Perches are in the Townland of in the*

Barony of in said County; and that it will;

require the Sum of to repair the said

Perches with Gravel or Small Stones, so as to leave the said Perches fafe and level throughout, of

the Width of Feet, for Carriages to pass and

repafs upon, and that the remaining Breadth of said Road between the Fences level and> free from Nuiiances, being at the Rate of

by the Perch; and that we have paused the annexed Estimate and Specification to be made by E. F. a competent Person, (killed in such Work; and that the said Estimate ^pd Specie fication appear to us to be fair and reasonable.

[The laid Map shall contain a Description of all Boundaries and Denominations of all such Townlands as any Road shall traverse, and all Houses ft an ding or being within Two Perches of such Road, and the Names of the occupying Tenants thereof respectively, the extreme Points where it is proposed such Repairs shall commence and terminate, all Roads branching therefrom, all Streams of Water crofting such Road, and all Bridges thereon$ and the said Estimate shall specify the Number of Perches to be repaired, the Number of Loads (at the Rate of Seven Hundred Wpignt each) of Gravel, or

T a SmalL

278

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Irish Act, 9A one.

C. 67, 158.

Small Stones to be employed per Perch, the Expence of Materials and Drawing thereof, the Place from whence it is proposed to draw the said Materials, Labourers' Wages, Rate per Day, &c/}

Schedule (H.)

FOR FENCES.

I

A. 2?. of

in said County, and C.D. of in said County, do certify. That we

have lately viewed and examined Perches of the

Road from to*between

and and all said

Perchel are in the Townland of or,

Lof said Perches all in the Townland of and in the Townland of

[as the case may be'], all in the Barony of in laid

County; and that in our Opinion it is necessary to make new Fences thereon, according to the annexed Estimate and Specification, which we have caused to be made by E. F. a competent Person, dulled in such Work; and we are of Opinion that said Estimate and Specification are fair and reasonable,

ESTIMATE AND SPECIFICATION.

[State of Ditches, the Breadth of the same and the Surface of the Ground, the Breadth of same at the Bottom, perpendicular Height from the Bottom to the Surface of the Ground, and the Price to be paid by Perch; the Wages of Labourers per Day, if to be employed; if Walls, the Thickness at Bottom, same at Top, intended Height, Number of Perches, Price per Perch of all Materials separately given, the Places from whence each Species of Material is proposed to be drawn, the Wages of Masons and Labourers per Day, if to be employed.]

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in Ireland in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An AB for taking away the Benefit of Clergy in certain cases; and for taking away the Book in all cases; and for repealing Part ef the Statute for transporting Felons; as takes away the Benefit of Clergy from Persons stealing privily from the Person of another; and more effectually to prevent the Crime of Larceny from the Person.'[3d June 1818.]

« TTTflEREAS by an Act passed in Ireland in the Ninth Year

« VV of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act for taking

* away the Benefit of Clergy in certain cases s and foe taking away

* the Book in all cases; and for repealing Part of the Statute for

* tranfporting Felons; it is amongst other things enacted, that if

* any Person should, after the last Day of September in the Year One

« thousand seven hundred and ten, steal or felonibufly take away any

* Goods, of the Value of Five Shillings or more, privily and fectfetly

c from the Person of any Man ot Woman, and being indicted or

* appealed thereof, fhoujd be thereupon foiftd Guilty by Verdict

4 of

58* GEO. III.

C. 68, 69.

219

4 of Twelve Men, or should confefs the same upon his, her or their * Arraignment, or should not answer directly to the same according 4 to the Laws, or should wilfully or of malice (land mute, or should ' peremptorily challenge above the Number of Twenty Jurors, or 4. should be outlawed upon such Indictment; and also all Persons

* who should be acceflory, before or after, to the said Fads, should

* receive Judgment, and suffer the Pains of Death, without any 4 Allowance or Benefit of the Clergy, or of the said Act: And 4 Whereas the said Act has not been found efiedual for the Pre-

* vention of the Crimes therein mentioned, and it is therefore expe-4 dient that so much of the said Act as is hereinbefore recited should 4 be repealed: And Whereas it might tend more effectually to pre-4 vent the Crime of Larceny from the Person if every such Offence,

4 not being Robbery, was rendered punishable more severely than 4 Simple Larceny; * Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and' Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of

the said Act as is hereinbefore recited, shall, from and after the of recited passing of this Act, be and the same is hereby repealed. rePea, ed'

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of Privately fteal-this Ad every Person who shall at any time or in any Place whatever fr°*» the in Ireland* feloniously (teal, take and carry away any Money, Goods <*n"

or Chattels from the Person of any other, whether privily, without plun*^°d with his Knowledge or not, but without such Force or putting in Fear as Transportation is Sufficient to constitute the Crime of Robbery, or who shall be or Imprison-present, aiding and abetting therein, shall be liable to be transported meru* beyond the Seas for Life, or for such Term, not less than Seven Years, as the Judge or Court before whom any such Person shall be coqvi&ed shall adjudge; or shall be liable, in case the said Judge or Court shall tbiqk fit, to be iraprisoned only, or to be imprisoned and kept to hard Labour in the Common Gaol, House of Correction. or Penitentiary House, for any Term not exceeding Three Years.

CAP. LXIX.

An Act for the Regulation of Parish Veftiies.

[3d June 1818.J

* WHEREAS it is expedient to regulate the manner of holding

* W Parish Vestries, and the Right of voting therein May it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confent? of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from Three Days* and after the First Day ot July One thousand eight hundred.and Notice to he eighteen, no Vestry or Meeting of the Inhabitants in Vestry of or P?enof Ve^ for any Parish shall be holden until public Notice shall have been given ^ubliearion of fuen Vestry, and of the Place and Hour of holding the same, and in chnrch, and the special Purpose thereof. Three Days at the lead More the Day affixing on*

to be appointed for bolding such Vestry, by the Publication of fcch Church Door. Notice in the Parish Church or Chapel on some Sunday during or immediately after Divine Service, and by affixing the lame, fairly written or printed, on the principal Door of such Church or Chapel..

T*II. And

280

Chairman of Vestries appointed ;

to have calling Vote.

Minutes to be entered and signed.

Manner of voting in Vestries.

Inhabitants coming into a Parish fiuce the lad Rate may vote.

Inhabitants re-fufing Payment of Poor's Rate excluded from Veftrifc*.

Parish Books and Papets pre-

served.

C. 69. 58° GEO. III. A.D. IflI8.

II. And for the more orderly Conduct of Vestries, be it further enacted, That in case the Rector or Vicar or perpetual Curate shall not be present, the Persons so assembled in pursuance of such Notice shall forthwith nominate and appoint by Plurality of Votes, to be ascertained as hereinafter is di reded, One of the Inhabitants of such Parish to be the Chairman of and preside in every such Vestry; and in all cases of Eauality of Votes upon any Qiieftion arising therein, the Chairman shall (in addition to such Vote or Votes as he may bv virtue of this Act be entitled to give in right of his Afleffinent) have the ca fling Vote; and Minutes of the Proceedings and Refolu-tions of eve|7 Vestry shall be fairly and distinctly entered iq a Book

!to be provided for that Purpose by the Churchwardens and Over-eers of the Poor), and shall be signed by the Chairman, and by such other of the Inhabitants present as shall think proper to sign the same.

* III. And be it further enacted, That in all such Vestries every Inhabitant present, who shall, by the last Rate which shall have been made for the Relief of the Poor, have been assessed and charged upon or in respect of any annual Rent, Profit or Value not amounting to Fifty Pounds, shall have and be entitled to give One Vote and no more; and every Inhabitant there present, who shall in such last Rate have been afTeffed or charged upon or in respect of any annual Rent or Rents, Profit or Value, amounting to Fifty Pounds or upwards (whether in one or in more than one Sum or Charge), shall have and be entitled to give One Vote for every Twenty five Pounds of annual - Rent, Profit and Value upon or in respect of which he shall have been assessed or charged in such last Rate, so nevertheless that no Inhabitant shall be entitled to give more than Six Votes; and in cases where .Two or more of the Inhabitants present shall be jointly rated, each of them shall be entitled to vote according to the Proportion and Amount which shall be borne by him of the joint Charge; and where One only of the Persons jointly rated shall attend, he (haD be entitled to vote according to and in respect of the whole of the joint Charge.

IV. Provided, and beat further enacted, That when any Person shall have become an Inhabitant of any Parish, or beeprae liable to be rated therein; since the making of the last Rate for the Relief of the Poor thereof, he shall be entitled to vote for and in respect of the Lands, Tenements, and Property for which he shall have become liable to be rated, and shall consent to be rated in like maimer as if he should have been actually rated for the same.

V. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That no Person who shall have refused or neglected to pay any Rate for the Relief of the Poor, which shall be due from and shall have been demanded of him, and shall be entitled to vote or to be present in any Vestry of the Parish for which such Rate shall have been made, until he shall have paid the same.

VI. And be it further enacted, That a6 well the Books hereby directed to be provided and kept for the Entry #of the Proceedings of Vestries, as all former Vestry Books, and all Rates and AfiefTments, Amounts and Vouchers of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Surveyors of the Highways, and other Parish Officers, and all Certificates, Orders of Courts and of Justices, and other Parish Books, Documents, Writings and public Papers of every*Parish,

A.D.1818.

58°GEO. III.

C. 69.

281

Parish, except the Rcgiftry of Marriages, Baptisms and Burials, shall be kept by such Person and Persons, and deposited in such Place and manner, as the Inhabitants in Vestry assembled shall direct j and if any Person in whose Hands or Custody any such Book, Rate, Assessment, Account, Voucher, Certificate, Order, Document, Writing, or Paper shall be, shall wilfully or negligently destroy, obliterate or injure the same, or suffer the same to be destroyed, obliterated or injured, or shall, after reasonable Notice and Demand, re-fufe or neglect to deliver the same to such Person or Persons, or to deposit the same in such Place as shall by the Order of any such Vestry be dirested, every Person so offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof on his own Consession, or on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, by and before Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, upon Complaint thereof to them made, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay such Sum, not exceeding Fifty Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings, as shall by such Justices be adjudged and determined; and 'the same shall be recovered and levied by Warrant of such Justices in such manner and by such Ways and Means as Poor's Rates in Arrear are by Law to be recovered and levied, and shall be paid to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish against which the Offence shall be committed, or to some of them, and be applied for and towards the Relief of the Poor thereof: Provided nevertheless, that every Person who shall unlawfully retain, in his Custody, or shall refuse to deliver to any Person or Persons authorized to receive the same, or who shall obliterate, destroy or injure, * or suffer to be obliterated, destroyed or injured, any Book, Rate, Assessment, Account, Voucher, Certificate, Order, Document, Writing or Paper belonging to any Parish, or to the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, or Surveyors of the High ways thereof, may in every such case be proceeded against'in any of His Majesty's Courts, civilly or criminally, in like manner as if this Act had not been made.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Provi-fions. Authorities and Directions in this Act contained in relation to Parishes, shall extend, and be construed to extend* to all Townships, Vills and Places having separate Overseers of the Poor and maintaining their Poor separately, and that all the Directions and Regulations herein contained in regard to Vestries shall extend and be applied to all Meetings which may by Law be holden of the Inhabitants of any Parish, Township, Vill or Place, for any of the.Purposes in this Act expressed; and that the Notices by this Act required to be given of every Vestry may, in Places in which there is or* shall be no Parish Church or Chapel, or where there shall not be Divine Service in such Church or Chapel, be given and published in such* manner as Notices of the like Nature shall have been there usually given and published, or as shall be most effectual for communicating the same to the Inhabitants of ev«ry such Parish, Township, Vill or Place respectjvely.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to alter the time of holding any Vestry, Parish or Town Meeting which is by the Authority of any Act required to be holden on any certain Day, or within any certain time in such Act prescribed and directed; nor shall any thing in this Act contained extend to take away, lessen, prejudice or affect the Powers of any Vestry or Meeting holden in any raristi,

Township

Retaining or in* juring Parish Books, &c.

Penally.

And subject to other Proceeding*.

Provifiow in relation to ParKhes extended to Townships, &c.

Manner of giving Notices of Vestries and Meetings in special cases.

Time for holding Vestries fpeciallv directed not al> tered.

Proviso for special Vestries;

C. 69, 70.

58° GEO- III.

A.D. 1818.

and for London and Southwark.

Act to extend only to England and Wales.« Public Act.

Towofiirp or Placey by virtue of any special Ad or Ada, of any ancient and special Usage or Cuitorn, or to change or affect the Right or manner of voting in any. Vestry or Meeting so boldeo.

IX- Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to any Parish within the City of London.

X- Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to any Parish in the- Borough o? South-wart.

XI- And be it further enacted, That this Act shall extend only to that Part of the United'Kingdom called England and Wales / and that the same shall be a Public Ad, and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXX.

An Act for repealing such Parts of several Acts as allow pecuniary and other Rewards on the Conviction of Persons for Highway Robbery, and other Crimes and Offences; and for facilitating the Means of prosecuting Persons accused of Fe* lony and other Offences. [3d June 1818.]

4W.&M. c.8.

§*

4*

6*7 W.3. c.17.

19-

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King < William and Queen Mary, intituled An Act for encouraging the *. apprehending of Highwaymen, it is enacted, that from and after < the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand six hundred and*ninety three, all and every Person and Persons who shall apprehend*and take one or more Thieves or Robbers, and ' prosecute him or*them so apprehended and taken, until he or they be convicted of any ' Robbery committed in or upon any Highway, Passage, Field or*open Place, shall have and receive from the Sheriff or Sheriffs of 1 the County where such Robbery and Conviction shall be made and*done, without paying any Fee for the same, for every such Offender*so convicted, the Sum of Forty Pounds within One Month after*such Conviction and Demand. thereof made, on tendering to such ' Sheriff or Sheriffs a Certificate 'of such Conviction, and that such < Felon or Felons was or were taken bv the Person or Persons claiming ' such Reward 5 such Certificate to oe signed in manner thereby di-* reded; and which said Rewards on such Convidious as afonefaid are by the said Act directed to be allowed to the respective Sheriffs 4 plying the same, or to their Executors or Admioiffrators, in ac-4 counting with their said late Majeftiea, their Heirs and Successors: 4 And Whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the 4 Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of His late Majesty Kiug 4 William the Third, intituled An Act to prevent counterfeiting and 4 clipping the Coin of this Kingdom, it is enacted, that from and after 4 the First Day of May One thousand six hundred and ninety five, *ail and every Person and Persons who shall apprehend and take any 4 Person or Persons who shall have counterfeited any of the Current 4 Coin of this Realm, or that for Lucre or Gain shall have dipped, *walked, filed or anyways diminiftied the lame, or shall bring or cause 4 to be brought into this Kingdom, the Dominion of Wales* or Town 4 of Berwicit upon Tweed* any dipt, false or counterfeit Coin, and

4 profecute

A.D. 1818.

38* GEO. III.

C. 70.

288

* prosecute such Ferfon or Persons until he, (he or they be convicted 4 of any such Offence, shall hive and receive from the Sheriff or She-4 riffs of the County where such Convi&iob shall be made, for every 4 'such Offender so convicted, the Sum of Forty Pounds, without pay-4 ing any Fee for the same* within One Month after such Conviction 4 and Demand thereof made, on tendering to such Sheriff or Sheriffs 4 a Certificate of such Conviction, and that such Traitor or Traitors 4 was or were taken and prosecuted by the Person or Persons claiming 4 such Reward, such Certificate to be signed in manner thereby di-4 reded $ and which Rewards on such last mentioned Conviction a arc 4 by the said last mentioned Ad directed to be allowed to the respec* 4 tive Sheriffs paying the same, their Executors or Administrators, 4 in accounting with His said late Majesty King William the Third: 4 And Whereas by*an Act of Parliament made and passed in the 4 Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty 4 King William the Third, intituled An 49 for the better apprc-4 henSng, prof ecu ting and punishing of Felons that commit Burglary, 4 Houfebrtakings or Robbing in Shops, Warehouses, Coacb-bouftt or 4 Stables, or that steal Horses, it is enacted, that from and after the 4 Twentieth Day of May One thousand six hundred and ninety nine, 4 all and every Person and Persons who shall apprehend and take any 4 Person guilty of any of the Felonies thereinbefore mentioned, and 4 prosecute him, her or them so apprehended and taken, until he, 4 (he or they be convicted of any of the Felonies thereinbefore men-4 Stoned, such Apprehenders and Takers, for hit, her or their Rc-4 ward, upon every such Conviction, without any Fee or Reward to 4 be paid for the same, shall have forthwith after every such Convic-4 tion a Certificate, to be signed in manner therein mentioned, certi-4 fying such Conviction, and also within what Parish or Place the 4 Felony was committed, whereof any such Person or Persons was or 4 were convicted as aforesaid, and also that such Felon or Felons was 4 or were discovered and taken, or discovered or taken by the Person 4 or Persons so discovering or apprehending any the said Felon or Fe* 4 Ions, and which Certificate shall or may be once assigned over and 4 no more, and the original Proprietor of fnch Certificate, or the 4 Assignee of the same, whomsoever of them shall* have the Interest 4 therein, by virtue thereof, and of the said last mentioned A6^| 4 shall and may be discharged of and from all and all manner of 4 Parish and Ward Offices within the Farifh or Ward wherein the 4 Felony or Felonies shall be committed, and such Party or Assignee 4 is thereby declared to be discharged therefrom; which said Certi-4 ficate is directed to be enrolled in the manner therein mentioned: 4 And Whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed ia the 4 Fifth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, inti* 4 tilled An Act for the encouraging the Dijcovery and Apprehend-4 ing of Houfebreahers> it is enacted, that from and after tbs 4 Tetuh Day of May One thousand seven hundred and seven, all 4 and every Person and Persons who ftu31 apprehend and take any 4 Person or Persons guilty of Burglary, or toe felonious breaking 4 and entering of any Honfo in the Day time, and prosecute him, 4 her or them so apprehended and taken, until he, (he or they be 4 convicted of such Burglary or Felony, shall have and receive, over 4 and above the Rewards given by the said recited Act of the Tenth 4 and Eleventh Years of King William and Queen Mary, the Sara

4 of

| ia

to Sc ii W. 3# c. 13.

§*

5 Ann. c. 31. fi.

284

58 GEO. III.

A. D. 1813,

14 G. a. c. 6. §»

*S G. a. c. i8.

5 7-

e. 70.

* of Forty Pounds within One Month after such Conviction, to be

* paid by the Sheriff or Sheriffs of the County where such Felony 4 or Burglary shall be made and done, without any Fee for the lame,

* to the Person or Persons so taking, apprehending arid profecutihg 4 the said Offenders, he and they tendering to such Sheriff or She-

* riffs a Certificate of such Conviction, and in what Parish the same ' was committed, and that such Felon or Felons was or were taken 4 by the Person or Persons claiming such Reward; such Certificate

* to be signed in manner thereby directed; and which said Rewards 4 on such Convidions as aforesaid are by the said last recited Act 4 directed to be allowed to the respective Sheriffs paying the same,

4 their Executors or Administrators, in their Accounts: And Whereas 4 by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Fourteenth Year 4 of the Reign of His late Majesty King George -the Second, intituled 4 An Act to render the Laws more ejfeSual for preventing theJleaftng 4 and dejlroying of Sheep and other Cattle, it is enacted, that from 4 and after the First Day of May One thousand seven hundred and 4 forty one, all and every Person and Persons who shall apprehend 4 and prosecute to Conviction any Offender or Offenders guilty of any 4 of the Offences thereinbefore mentioned, shall have and receive as a 4 Reward, upon every such Conviction, the Sum of Ten Pounds, to 4 be paid, within One Month after such respective Conviction, by the 4 Sheriff or Sheriffs of the County where such Offence or Offences 4 shall be committed and done, without any Dedudion, to the Person 4 or Persons so apprehending and prosecuting such Offender or Of-4 fenders, he or they tendering to such Sheriff or Sheriffs a Certi-

.4 ficate of such Conviction, and where the Offence wa9 committed,

4 and that such Offender or Offenders was or were apprehended and j 4 prosecuted by the Person or Persons claiming such Reward; such 4 Certificate to be signed in manner thereby directed; and whjgh said 4 Rewards on such last mentioned Convidions are by the said last 4 mentioned Ad directed to be allowed to the respective Sheriffs pay-4 ing the same, their Executors or Administrators, in their respective 4 Accounts: And Whereas by an Act of Parliament made and 4 passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty 4 King George the Second, intituled An Act for the more ejftQual k, preventing the counterfeiting of the current Coin of this Kingdom,

4 and the uttering or paying of false or counterfeit Coin, it is enacted 4 that whosoever shall, after the Twenty ninth Day of September 4 One thousand seven hundred and forty two, apprehend any Person 4 or Persons who shall have committed any of the Offences thereby 4 made High Treason or Felony, or who-(hall have made or connter-4 feited any of the Copper Money therein mentioned, and shall pro-4 fecute such. Offenders until he, (he or they shall be thereof 4 convicted, such Prosecutor and Prosecutors shall have and receive 4 .from the Sheriff or Sheriffs of the County or City where such Con-4 vidion shall be made, for every such Offender so convicted of any 4 of the Treasons or Felonies aforesaid, the Sum of Forty Pounds;

4 and for every Person so convicted of counterfeiting any of the said 4 Copper Mooey, the Sum of Ten Pounds, without paying anyFe 4 for the same, within One Month after such Conviction and Demaod 4 thereof made, by tendering a Certificate to the said Sheriff or She*

4 riffs certifying such Conviction, and that the Offender or Offenders 4 were apprehended and prosecuted by the Persons claiming the

4 said

58° GEO* III.

C. 70.

285

4 said Reward 5 such Certificate to be signed in manner thereby di-4 rented; and which said Rewards on such last mentioned Convic-

* tions are by the said last mentioned Act directed to be allowed to 4 any such Sheriff or Sheriffs*upon his or their accounting with His 4 said late Majesty King George the Second: And Whereas it has 4 been found by Experience that the Encouragement given by the

* said several recited Acts of Parliament, by way of pecuniary and 4 other Rewards, for the Apprehension and Prosecution to Convic-€ tion'of Persons guilty of the several Crimes and Offences therein 4 mentioned or referred to, has not produced the wholesome Effects € of diminishing the Crimes and Offences thereby intended to be pre-

* vented or checked; add it has also been found by Experience that € the Hope or Expedition of obtaining such Rewards, or some or 4 one of them, or some other pecuniary Reward or Compensation,

-*has instigated evil disposed Persons to conspire to entrap the unwary

* and ignorant into the Commission of Offences, for which they have 4 afterwards been apprehended and ptofecuted to Conviction by such 4 Conspirators, whereby Encouragement has not* only been given to 4 the CoihmHlion of such Crimes and Offences, but the Laws of

* God and Man have been violently transgressed ; * Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Coflfent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That _fo much*of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of their said late Majesties King William and Queen Marjy aa authorizes and directs the Receipt and Payment of the Sum of Forty Pounds by way of Reward by and to every Person and Persons who shall apprehend and take and prosecute to Conviction One or more Thieves* or Robbers, for any Robbery committed in or upon any Highway, Passage, Field or open Place, and for the Allowance of the Payment of such Reward of Forty Pounds to the Sheriff or Sheriffs paying the same, or their Executors or Ad-mini (Irators, in the Accounts of such Sheriff or Sheriffs; and also, that so much of the said recited Act of the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty King William the Third, as authorizes and directs the Receipt and Payment of the Sum of Forty Pounds by way of Reward by and to all and every Person and Persons who shall apprehend and take any Person or Persons who shall have counterfeited any of the'eurrent Coin of this Realm, or that for Lucre or Gain shall have clipped, wa(hed, filed or anyways dimini(hed the same, ' or shall bring or cause to be brought into this Kingdom, the Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, any dipt, false or counterfeit Coin, and prosecute such Person or Persons until he, (he or they be convicted of any such last mentioned Offence or Offences, and also as directs the Allowance of the Payment of such last mentioned Reward of Forty Pounds to the Sheriff or Sheriffs paying the same, or to their Executors or Administrators, in the Ac* counts of such Sheriff or Sheriffs; and also that so much of the said recited Act of ihe Fifth Year of the Reign of Her hid late Majesty Queen Anney as* authorizes and directs the Receipt and Payment of the Sum of Forty Pounds by way of Reward by and to all and every Person and Persons who shall apprehend and take any Person or Persons guilty of Burglary, or the felonious breaking and entering of any House in the Day time, and prosecute him, her or them so apprehended

4 W.& M. c. 8. «*.

6&7W.3. c 17. § 9.

5 Ann. c. 31.

§ x.

C.70.

58* GEO. IIL

A.D. 1818.

14 G. 2. c. 6.

§*.

15 G.i. c. 18. 5 7-

repealed.

Certificate* granted under XO & ii W. 3. e. 2$. not to be transferable.

4fow far to exempt from Office*.

Proviso for Executors of Per font killed by Robber*, &c.

pretended and taken, until he, (he or they be convicted of such Burglary or Felony, and also as directs the Allowance of the Pay* ment of such last mentioned Reward of Forty Pounds, to the Sheriff or Sheriffs paying the same, or to their Executors or Administrators, in 4he Accounts of such Sheriff or Sheriffs; and also that so much of the said recited A ft of the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second, as authorises and direct* the Receipt and Payment of the Sura of Ten Pounds by way of Reward by and to all and every Person and Persons who shall apprehend and prosecute to Conviction any Offender or Offenders who shall feloni-oully drive away, or in any other manner feloniously (teal, one or more Sheep of any other Person or Persons whafsoever, with a felonious Intent to steal the whole Carcase or Carcases, or any Part or Parts of the Carcase or Carcases of any One or more Sheep or other Cattle that shall be so kilied, or shall assist or aid any Person or Persons to commit any such Offence or Offences; and also as directs the Allow-ance of the Payment of such la(t mentioned Reward of Ten Pounds to the Sheriff or Sheriffs paying the same, or to their Executors or Administrators, in the Accounts of such Sheriff or Sheriffs; and also that so much of the said recited Act of the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Seeond, as authorizes and directs the Receipt and Payment of the Sum of Forty Pounds by Way of Reward by and to whoever shall apprehend any Person or Persons who shall have committed any of tRe Offences by the same Act made High Treason or Felony, and the Receipt and Payment of the Sum of Ten Pounds by way of Reward by and to whoever shall in like manner apprehend any Person or Persons who shall have made or counterfeited any of the Copper Money therein mentioned, and shall prosecute such several and respectivfe Offenders until he, (he or they (haU be thereof respectively convicted; and also as directs the Allowance of the Payment of such last mentioned Rewards of Forty Pounds and Ten Pounds to the Sheriff or Sheriffs paying the same, upon his or their accounting with His Majesty; shall be and the same is and are hereby several ly and respectively repealed.

II. And be it further enacted. That from and after the passing of this Act, no Certificate which shall be granted, pursuant to the said recited Act of the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third, to any Person or Persons who shall apprehend and take and prosecute to Conviction any Person guilty of any of the Felonies therein before mentioned, to discharge such Person or Persons so apprehending and prosecuting from Pan(h and Ward Offices, shall be assignable or transferable by the Person or Persons to whom such Certificate shall be originally granted, to any Person or Persons whomsoever; nor shall any .such Certificate or Certificates exempt or discharge from Parish or Ward Offices any other Person or Persons whomsoever than the Person or Persons to whom the same was originally granted; the said recited Act of the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third, or any other Lav?, Usage or Cuftoni to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

I IT. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to take away from or deprive the Executors or Adminiilrators of any Person nr Persons who shall happen to be killed by any Robber or Robben

endeavouring

58° GEO. III.

287

C. 70.

endeavouring to apprehend or in making Pursuit after him or them, of any Reward or Rewards to which the Executors or Admini-ftrators of any Person or Persons so happening to be killed would be entitled by the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of their said late Majesties King William and Queen Mary; nor to deprive any Person or Persons of the Horse, Furniture and Arms, Money or other Goods of any Robber or Robbers, and which by the same Statute are directed to become the Property of any -Person or Persons who shall take, apprehend, prosecute or convict any such Robber or Robbers as therein mentioned $ nor shall any thing herein contained extend' or be con limed to extend to deprive the Executors or Administrators of any Watchman or any other Person or Persons who shall happen to be killed by any Burglar or Houfebreaker endeavouring to apprehend or in making Puriuit after him or them, of any Reward or Rewards to which such Executors or Administrators would be entitled by virtue of the said recited Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of Her said late Majesty Queen Anne.

* IV. And Whereas many Persons are deterred from prosecuting ( Persons guilty of Felony upon account of the Expence and Lois

* of time attending such Prosecutions, whereby the Ends of Justice

* are frequently defeated ; * Be it therefore enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this A 61 it shall and may be lawful for the Court before whom any Person shall be prosecuted or tried for any Grand or Petit Larceny or other Felony, and every such Court is hereby authorized and empowered, at the Re-queft of the Prosecutor or any other Person or Persons who shall become bound in any Recognizance to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to prosecute or give Evidence, or who shall be fubpcened to give Evidence against any Person or Persons accused of any Grand or Petit Larceny or other Felony, and who shall appear to prosecute and give Evidence, or who shall appear to the said Court to nave been a dive in the Apprehension of any Person or Persons accused of any of the Offences in the said hereinbefore recited Acts mentioned, or any of them, to order the Sheriff or Treasurer of the' County in which the Offence shall have been committed to pay unto such Prosecutor and Witnesses, and Person or Persons concerned in such Apprehension as aforesaid, refpcdively, as hereinafter mentioned, as well the Costs, Charges and Expences which such Prosecutor shall be put to in preferring the Indi6lment or Indidments against the Person or Persons so accused, as also such Sum and Sums of Money as to the said Court shall seem reasonable and sufficient to reimburse such Prosecutor and Witnesses, and Person or Persons concerned in such Apprehension as aforesaid, for -the Expences they shall have been put ieverally to m attending before the Grand Jury to prefer such In diriment or Indidments, and in otherwise carrying on such Prosecution, and also compensate such Prosecutor and Witnesses, and Person or Persons concerned in such Apprehension as aforesaid, rcspectively, for their Loft of time and Trouble in such Apprehension and Prole-cution as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Judge, Juf-tices or Court shall, make any Order and Direction for the Payment of any such Sum or Sums of Modey to any Person or Persons concerned in the Apprehension and' Taking of any Person or Persons accofed of any of the Offences in the said hereinbefore recited Acts

mentioned.

in respect of Reward, Arc.

Court empowered to order Payment of Expences of Prosecutor and Witneflee.

To be paid by Sheriff of County as by 4 W.&M. c. 8.

6W. 3. c. 17.*9

58° GEO. III.

A.D.18I3.

5 Ann, c.31,

§ i.

14 O. a. c. 6. § ».

15 O. i. c. a8.

.*7.

The Order for*Costs to he made by Clerk of Assize.and to be paid by Treasurer of County.

Fee.

%$ G. a. c. 36. §5.

c. 70.

mentioned, or any of them, the same shall be paid by the SberiE of the County in which the Offence shall have been committed; and in the like manner, upon the like Certificate, and at the same Period of time as the Rewards are directed to be paid by the said recited Acts of Fourth William and Mary% Sixth William the Third, Fifth Anne9 the Third and Fourteenth and Fifteenth George the Second; and that every such Certificate shall be made out by the Clerk of Affize-or Clerk of the Peace respectively, and be. forthwith delivered to the Person or Persons entitled to the same, upon Payment of the Sum of Five Shillings for each such Certificate; and that the Sheriff of the County upon Payment of the Sum of Money specified > in such Certificate, fh^ll be reimbursed the said Sum of Money in like manner as is directed by the said several and respective Acts herein-'before recited.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every such Order for the Costs and Charges assigned by this Act to Prolecutors and Witueffei shall be made out by the Clerk .of Assize or Clerk of the Peace respectively; which Order the Clerk of Assize or Clerk of the Peace is hereby directed and required forthwith to make put and deliver unto such Prosecutor, upon being paid for the same the Sum of One Shilling and no more; and the Treasurer of the said County, Riding or Division is hereby authorized and required, upon Sight of such Order, forthwith to pay to such Profecikor, or other Person authorized to receive the same, such Money as aforesaid, and shall be allowed the same in his Account.

4 VII. Whereas by an Act of Parliament made and pa fled in the

* twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the

* Second, intituled An A3 for preventing Thefts and Robberies, and '.for regulating Places of Public Entertainment, andpuni/hing Persons ( keeping disorderly Houses, it is amongst other things enacted, that

* if any Two Inhabitants of any Psyrifh or Place, paying Scot and 4 bearing Lot therein, do give. Notice in Writing to any Conifable,

* or other Peace Officer of the like Nature where there is no Con-

* liable of such Parish or Place, of any Person keeping a Bawdy J

* House, Gaming House or any other disorderly House in such 4 Parish or Place, the Con liable or such Officer as aforesaid so receiv-4 ing such Notice shall forthwith go with such Inhabitants to One of 4 His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the County, City, Riding,

4 Division or Liberty in which such Parish or Place does lie, and 4 shall, upon such Inhabitants making Oath before such Justice that 4 they do believe the Contents of such Notice to be true, and enter-4 ing into a Recognizance in the penal Sum of Twenty Pounds each

4 to give or produce material Evidence against such Person for such |

4 Offence, enter into a Recognizance in the penal Sum of Thirty 4 Pounds to prosecute with Effect such Person for such Offence at 4 the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or at the next 4 Affizea to be holden for the County in which such Parish or Place 4 does lie, as to the said Justice shall seem meet: And Whereas it is 4 expedient, that when any Two Inhabitants of any Parish or Place,

4 paying Scot and bearing Lot therein, shall give Notice in Writing 4 to any Constable of fuen Parish os Place of any Person keeping 4 a Bawdy House, Gaining House or any other disorderly House,

* in such Parish or Place, that the Overfeersof the Poor of such Parish 4 or Place shall have Notice thereof ; * Therefore be it enacted, and it

13 i>

A.D. 1818.

58° GEO. III.

289

C. 70.

is hereby enacted, That i Copy of the Notice which shall be given to Copy of Notice filch Con liable /hall also be served on or left at the Places of Abode. f0 bigiren aUh of the Overseers of the Poor of such Parish or Place, or one of them, °vcr^er9 of and such Overseers or Overseer of the Poor shall be summoned or who^Ve to have reasonable Notice to attend before such Justice of the Peace prosecute. before whom such Con/lable shall have Notice to attend; and if such Overseers or Overseer of the Poor /hall then and there enter into such Recognizance to prosecute such Offender as the Con/lable is in and by the said Act required to enter into, then it /hall not be necessary for, nor /hall such Constable be required to enter into such Recognizance; but if such Overseers or Overseer of the Poor shall neglect to attend such Justice on having such Notice, or /hall attend, and shall decline or refuse to enter into such Recognizance to prosecute, then such Con/lable /hall enter into the same, and /hall prosecute, and /hall be entitled to his Expences, to be allowed as in and by the said Act is directed.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That no Person To whom Co(U or Persons shall be entitled to any such Coils or Expences for attend- *hall Pa*d* ing the Court, unless he or they /hall have been bound by Recognizance, or have previously received a Subpoena to attend the same, or a written Notice for that Purpose from the Prosecutor, his Agent or his Attorney.

* IX. And Whereas there are several Cities, Towns Corporate € and Places which do not contribute to the Payment of any County

* Rate, and have no Town Rate or Public Stock; and Doubts may

* arise whether such Cities, Towns Corporate and Places can be

* legally rated and afTefled towards the Payments by this Act direded

* to be madeBe it therefore enacted. That in all such cases the In pJacel

said Coils, Charges, Expences, Sum and Sums of Money and Com- do not contri. penfations shall be raised, levied, collected and paid within such bute to County Cities, Towns Corporate and Places, by a separate Rate and Afleff- Rate, «*id have ment to be made by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor ^oc^,

of the several Pari/hes and Precincts within such Cities, Towns Cor- |ev^ for pur_ porate and Places, and by such and the like Ways, Methods and poses of Act. Means, as the Rates for the Relief of the Poor are, can or may be

raised, levied and collected in such Cities, Towns Corporate and Places.

* X. And Whereas it may happen that the Sums of Money to be

* raised in the said Cities, Towns Corporate and Places, or fomc or c one of them, for the Payments by this Act directed to be made,

* may be so small that it may not be convenient to make an equal

* separate Rate and AffefTment for the same upon the said Pari/hes«and Precincts within such Cities, Towns Corporate and Places \f

Be it enacted, That in such last mentioned case, and when and so Where Sums often as the same /hall happen, the said Costs, Charges, Expences, are too final! to Sum and Sums of Money and Compensations, shall and may, by ralfd_J>5r a Order of the said Court before whom any such Person may be tried fuSTsumi ihail as aforesaid, be paid out of the Monies from time to time raised for (, e paid out of the Relief of the Poor m the said several Cities, Towns Corporate Poor's Rate, and Places, and the Treasurers, or Persons from time to time having the Management of the said Monies raised for the Relief of the Poor in the lame Cities, Towns Corporate and Places respectively, are hereby authorized and required to pay the said Sums of Money so ordered to be paid as aforesaid, out oi the said last men-fi8 Geo. III. U tioned

290

a 70, 7i.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Proviso whexe more Parities than one in same District.

Annuities in the Public Funds may be given for Prises in lieu of Money.

Personsfo Ucenfed to have Numerical Book* stamped on every Leaf.

tioned Monies, when and a6 often as the Came shall be so ordered: Provided always, that should there be more Parishes than one in the same District, the Payments are to be made and levied in such Rates and Proportions as the respective Parishes pay to the Poor Rate.

CAP. LXXI.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.*[3d June 1818.]

[This AS is the same as 57 G. 3. c. 31. except as to Dates and as to the SeSions that are bore retained.]

* IV. And Whereas it may be expedient for the Public Service 1 that Annuities in some of the Public Funds may be given as Prizes*in the Place of Money, ' Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, to authorize and empower the Commissioners for the Redemption of the National Debt to appropriate such a Sum, in Annuities, ^in any of the Public Funds, landing in their Names in the Books of the Bank of England, as will be equal to the Whole or such Part of the Ten Pounds per Ticket to be distributed in Prizes as hereinbefore mentioned, as the Contractor or Contra&ors for any Lottery or Lotteries shall request to be given in Stock in the Place of Money, which Stock shall be estimated at the mean Price the same Funds or Annuities shall have been fold at the Bank of England on the last Day of felling the fame-previous to the time or times of making such Contract or Contracts, or of the Day of Approval by the said Commissioners of the Treasury of the Scheme of any ^Lottery, and shall be transferred to the Holders of the Tickets entitled thereto by the said last mentioned Commissioners, at such times and by Authority of such Certificates as are hereinafter mentioned and described; and the said Commissioners of the Treasury shall account for the Money retained in lieu of the Stock with the other Money raised for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, or shall order such a Sum of Money to be paid to the faifCommissioners for Redemption of the National Debt, out of the Sums raised by Sale of Lottery Tickets, or out of any of the Aids or .Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, as will be sufficient to buv the same Amount m Stock as shall have been appropriated for the Prizes before mentioned, or shall cause an Amount of Annuities equal to the Annuities lb appropriated to he purchased for or transferred to the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, within One Month after such Appropriation. y"

XXL And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall oe licensed by the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties to attend for the Puqjofe aforesaid, shall be entitled to have stamped by the said Commissioners, or their Officers, proper Numerical Books, containing the Numbers of the Tickets in the said respective Lotteries in Arithmetical Progression as aforesaid, every of vraich Books shall exceed in Length Twenty one Inches, and in Breadth Seventeen Inches, and shall be bound in stiff milled Boards, and fhaU be stamped and marked on every Leaf thereof by a proper Stamp or Mark, to be provided and used for that Purpose by the said Commissioners

A.D.1818.

58p GEO. III.

C.71.

291

missioners or their Officers; and the said Commissioners or any One of them shall hare Power and Authority to grant such Licences and damp such Books to and for such Persons who shall be duly licensed to share Tickets and issue Chances in the manner hereinafter mentioned, and who shall deposit and divide into Shares in the manner hereinafter expressed One hundred and twenty Tickets or more in the said Lottery or Lotteries respectively, or such Proportion of Tickets as is hereinafter mentioned, before the Drawing begins, and to such other Persons acting for them respectively, as the said Managers and Directors shall approve; and that it shall be lawful for the Managers and Directors hereinbefore mentioned, or such of them as (haul be present, to lock up and detain the said Numerical Books damped as aforesaid, for any intermediate time between the Days of Drawing any Lottery, if the said Managers and Directors shall think (it, or they shall be required thereto by the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them 5 but subject nevertheless to such Regulations with regard thereto, as the said Commissioners of the Treasury or any Three or more of them shall approve; and if any Person present at the Drawing of any or either of the said Lotteries (not being duly authorized or licensed in manner aforesaid) shall, at such time and Place, take and set down in Writing the Number or Numbers of any Ticket or Tickets, when and after the same shall be drawn, or any Figure or Mark to denote the same, or shall make or begin to make any Regider or Lid in Writing of the Numbers of any Tickets which shall have been drawn on the Day of making or beginning to make or of carrying on such Regider or Lid, or mall knowingly have in his Or her Cudody or Possession, or in his, her or their House, Shop, Office or Place, any printed or written Regider or Lid of the Numbers of the Tickets in the said Lotteries, or of any Part thereof, whether drawn or undrawn, with any Marks, Figures, Letters or Numbers thereon, marking or denoting the Order or time of drawing any such Tickets drawn on the same Day, or the Benefits to which any such Tickets may be entitled by virtue of this Act, other than such complete Numerical Regider or Lid in Books of the respective Dimensions before mentioned, and damped in the manner aforesaid, or such Numerical or other Lid of each Day's drawing as shall be printed and publi(hed under the Authority ot this Act by the said Managers and Directors; or if any Person or Persons whatever shall, unless with the special Permission in Writing of Three of such Managers and Directors as aforesaid, publiflt or cause to be publHhed, during the Hours of Drawing the said Lotteries, any Lid, Regider or Slip containing the Number or Numbers of any Ticket or Tickets drawn on the Day of publtfliing the same, ot any Marks, Letters or Figures to denote the same, or (hallpublifli or cause or procure to be published any Lid or Regider of Tickets, wherein the Numbers of any Tickets, or any Marks, Letters or Figum, shall be placed to denote the time of Day or Order in which any Tickets shall be drawn, and with the Intent to denote the dune, or shall in any other manner publi(h the Number or Numbers of any such Ticket or Tickets, every such Person so offending, and bong lawfully convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Mayor, or any of the Aldermen of the City of London,

U 2 or

Commissioners to grant such Licences only on account of licensed Lottery Offices. Numerical Books may be locked up.

Unlicensed Persons taking down or publHhing the Numbersof Tickets drawn, kc.

Penalty 5I.

On Complaint the Magifirate; of London or

a 7i.

58° GEO. III

A.D. 1818.

2£)2

any Just ice may grant Warranti for apprehenuing Offender!.

Persons in the actual Commis. fion of such Offence may be apprehended by any Person and carried before a Magistrate, who may commit the Offender if Penalty be not paid.

Application of such Penalty.

Convictions to be made out in the following

Form.

Penalty may be mitigated.

or any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, upon Complaint made upon Oath or solemn Affirmation of any Offence committed again ft. this Act in any of the Particulars before mentioned, whereby such pecuniary Penalty as aforesaid may become forfeited, to issue his Warrant for apprehending such Offender; and every such Regiffer or Lift or Copy as aforesaid made contrary to the Dire&iona of this Alt shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Constable or other Officer of the Peace, or by any Person employed by the said Managers and Dire&ors in the Execution of the several Acts for the Regulation of Lotteries, and upon Production thereof before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, such Justice or Justices shall and nay, by bis or -their Order in Writing, direct the same to be detained, -orotherwise, if he or they shall think fit, to be destroyed; and -if any Person or Persons shall be found or discovered in the actual Commission of any such Offence, it shall and may be lawful for any Person whatever to apprehend on the Spot the Person or Persons so offending, and to convey or cause to be conveyed before One of the Magistrates aforesaid the Person or Persons so apprehended, to be proceeded against in*such manner as is herein directed; and when any Person or Persons shall be apprehended, or brought before any of -the Magistrates aforesaid for any such Offence, it shall and.may.be.lawful for such Magistrate to proceed to examine into the Circumstances of the case, and upon due Proof upon Oath or solemn Affirmation of any such Offence committed against this AH, to give Judgment or Sentence accordingly; and where the Party accused shall be convicted of such Offence, and such Penalties shall not be immediately, paid, to commit such Offender to Prison for any Space not exceeding Fourteen Days, nor less than Five Days, without Bail or Mainprize, and witnout Appeal, or until such Penalty: shall be fatiafied; and every such Penalty, when paid upon Conviction, shall be applied to the Use of the Informer or Informers, or Person or Persons apprehending or bringing such Offender or Offenders before such Magistrate, and the Constable or Constables concerned in apprehending or securing such Offender or Offenders, in such Proportions as such Magistrate shall direct.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Magistrate before whom any Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, (nail cause the said Conviction to be made out in the manner and Form following, or in any other. Form of Words to the like Effect, mutatis mutandis; (that is to say),

KE it remembered. That on at

A. B. of was duly convi&ed before me

of having committed an Offence against the Form of an Act of Parliament made in the Fifty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Monet to be raised by Lotteries; for which Offence I do adjudge that the said A* B. hath forfeited the Sum of,

to be distributed in manner following$ (that is to say, ) \here set out the Proportions and the Names of the Persons to whom the Penalty shall be paid*'] Given under my Hand and Seal the Day and Year first above written.* Provided nevertheless, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Magistrate, where he shall fee cause, to mitigate and lessen any such Penalty as he shall think fit, (reasonable Colts and Charges of the Officers and Informers,

as

A, D. 1818.

58° GEO. III

C.71.

293

as well in making the Dtfcovery as in prosecuting the same, being

always allowed over and above such mitigated Penalty, ) and so as

filch Mitigation do not reduce the Penalty to less than a Moiety of

the Penalty incurred over and above the said Costa and Charges, any

thing herein contained to the contrary not with Handing; and no fucn Conviction not

Conviction shall be removed by Certiorari into any Court whatever, removable.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That every such Licence shall Licence to be be upon Paper or Parchment, stamped with a Stamp denoting the *nd con-

Paymeirtof tbeDuty of Fifty Pound.herebyim^fed, and shall fet SnST&JSIi -forth the true Name and Place of Abode of the Person oc Persons t jon of the taking out the same, and also the particular House. or Place where Drawing of the such Buiinefs shall be carried on; and such Licence shall continue in Lotteries force until after the Expiration of the Drawing of the last of the Lotteries to be drawn under the Authority of this Act, or until the said Licence shall be forfeited as hereinafter is mentioned and directed, and no longer; and every Person acting or dealing in any of the matters therein contained after the Expiration of fucn Licence shall be considered in every respect as an unlicensed Person.

XXXII. Provided alk>, and be it further enacted, That if any persons roovid-Person or Persons to whom any such Licence or Licences as afore* edof Offence* said shall be granted, shall be prosecuted and convicted of any Offence forfe5t lheir against this Act, whether on.Profccutkm of the Bond to be given in L, cence* pursuance of this. Ad, or for any Penalty under this Act, .or as a Rogue and Vagabond; , or in case any Person or Persons so licensed shall, in the Opinion of the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, inifcondud himself or themselves, in any Ad, matter or thing relating to the Business of or in anywise concerning the Lottery, and the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties shall, after hearing the Parties charged with such Misconduct, be of Opinion that he is or they are guilty thereof, then such Licence or Licences granted as aforesaid by virtue of this Act shall be absolutely void and of no Effect, and the said Commissioners may, if they shall think proper, refuse to grant to such Person or Persons a Licence under any future Ad of Parliament which may be made and passed for granting, to His-MajeHyor His SuccefTors a. Sum. of Money to be raised by.

Lotteries.

' XXXV. And Whereas many evil disposed Persons, to evade

* the Provisions of the Acts made to punish Persons guilty of infur-

* ing for or against the Drawing of Tickets, more particularly

* described in Uiis Ad, have empowered. and authorized and do«empower and authorize Agents tor them to - take Money for such

* illegal Contracts, and have m their Custody on Possession Account 4 or Accounts, Statement or Statements, Memorandum or Memo-

* rand urns in Writing of such illegal Contracts entered into; * Be it

therefore enacted, That upon Information upon Oath made before Lxrery Iofurcrs any Magiffrate or Justice of the Peace, Hating any Person to be a in whose Prereputed Lottery Insurer, and in the Opinion of the Informer .to be in *ni(*« Papers, ftc* Possession of Books, Papers or Memorandums of. illegal Contracts tolnftir-.

entered into relating to Lottery Insurances, it shall be lawful for, and be *

fach Magiffrate or JuHice of the Peace is hereby required to issue bis puniffied as Warrant, directed to a Constable or Officer of Police, to empower Rogues and him with proper Affiffance to search the Person of the said reputed Vagabond* Lottery Insurer, to enter the Dwelling Place and Premises of such reputed Lottery Insurer, and search for and seize all such Papers*

U 3 Account*

29 4

Lonl Lieutenant may appoint Coromif-C oners for executing Act.

In what cases Two Commif-fi oners may ad.

Appointment may be revoked by Lord Lieutenant, and in case of Vaonw

C. 71, 72. 58° GEO. III. A.D. 1818.

Accounts or Memorandums; and if any such be found either in or about the Dwelling Place or Premises, or upon such Lottery In-surer, or any other Person or Persons in the same Dwelling Place, appearing to relate to Insurance in the Lottery or Little Go, or if any Memorandums of Insurance in the Lottery or Little Go should be found at the time of such Search, written in Chalk or otherwids upon or about the Dwelling Place or Premises, then to apprehend and brine the said reputed Lottery Insurer or Insurers hereinbefore described, with such Person or Persons upon whom such Lottery or Little Go Insurance Papers, Accounts or Memorandums were found, before Two Magistrates or Juilices of the Peace, and upon Proof before them that such Papers, Accounts or Memorandums relate to Lottery or Little Go Insurances, or if such Accounts or Memorandums cannot he brought away without injuring the Premises, then upon Proof by Two credible Witnestes, of whom the Person who shall have given such Information upon Oath as is hereinbefore mentioned shall not he One, that such Memorandums were written with Chalk or otherwise upon or in the Premises, and related to Lottery or Little Go Insurances, such Persons are to be deemed Rogues and Vagabonds, and punished as such.

CAP. LXXII.

An Act for improving and completing the Harbour of Dun* more, in the County of Waterford, and rendering it a fit Situation for His Majesty's Packets. [3d June 1818.]

4 WHEREAS the Pier of Dunmore> at the Mouth of the

* W Haven of Waterford, has been begun and carried on at

* the public Expence, chiefly for the Accommodation of His

* Majesty's Packets plying between Waterford and Milford: And 4 Whereas it is expedient to provide for the improving and completing

* the said Pier and Harbour, for the Regulation of the Shipping

* that may ufc the same, and for the Support and Preservation of the 4 Harbour when completed May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by spid with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, to appoint by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands any Persons whom he or they may think proper, not exceeding Five in Number, to be Commissioners for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, who shall aft without Fee or Reward; and such Persons so to he appointed shall be and are hereby appointed Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act; and it shall and may be lawful for any Two of the said Commissioners to do any Act, matter or thing whatever in the Execution of this Act, except in cases specially provided for by this Act.

II. Provided always, and he it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to revoke* the Appointment of soy Person or Persons so appointed to he a CommiflioBer or

Commissioners

58° GEO. III.

C.72.

295

Comtniffioners for the Purposes of this Act; and that in case of ciet by Death, any Vacancy or Vacancies by such Revocation, or by the Death or &c; h« ma7 #P-Refignation of any One or more of the Commissioners to be f°, nl °!^eiPer* appointed by virtue of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and m^onera.^for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Inland for the time being, from time to time to nominate and appoint such other Person or Persons to be a Conrariffiamer or Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, as such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being shall think fit and proper to supply such Vacancies; and every Person so nominated and appointed shall have such and the like Powers and Authorities for carrying this Act into Execution, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as the Persons originally appointed to be Commissioners under this Act.

III. And be it further enacted. That the said Commissioners and Commissioners each and every of them shall take and subscribe the Oath following to t, ke and fub* before he or they shall take upon himself or themselves the Execution fcnbe °a, h* of any of the Powers or Authorities hereby given, other than ad-miniiiering the said Oath s

c T A. B. do swear. That I will, without Favour or Afsection,

* Hatred or Malice, truly, faithfully and impartially, according

* to the best of my Skill and Judgment, execute and perform all

* and every of the Powers, Authorities and Duties of a Com-

* missioner reposed. in me under and by virtue of an Act made in

* the Fifty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King

* George the Third, intituled \here set forth the Title of this A8-\ /

Which Oath any One of the said Commissioners, or any Person named in any Appointment of Commissioners, is hereby authorized and required to admiailler at the First or any other Meeting to be-held by virtue of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Lord Lieutenant for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of to lppolnt

Ireland for the time being, and he and they is and are hereby Commissioners

authorized, empowered and required, from time to time to nominate roiy appoint

and appoint a Secretary to the said Commissioners; and the said other Officers.

Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to nominate

and appoint One or more Clerk or Clerks, and also from time to

time to employ such Engineers, Surveyors and other Officers, and

such Labourers, Workmen and Artificers, as the said Commissioners

or any Two of them shall think proper and expedient, for the better

carrying into Execution the Purposes of this Act; and to pay and

allow to such Secretary and Clerk such Salary or Allowance as the

said Commissioners, with the Consent of the Lord Lieutenant or

other Chief Governor or Governors, shall think fit: Provided Secretary to

nevertheless, fhat such Secretary as shall or may hereafter be ap-

pointed shall take and subscribe the following Oath before he shall lcn *

take upon himself the Execution of any of the Duties annexed to

his said Office, which Oath any One of the fdfcl Commissioners or

any Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized and empowered to

adminiiler:

4 T C.Z).do swear. That I will well, truly and faithfully, without

* Fraud or Concealment, do, perform and execute the several

* Duties attached to the Office 01 Secretary to which I have beex*

U 4t appointed

296

C. 72.

58 GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

Com misti oners may contiart for Works.

Contract lobe finned.

Commissioners may bring and defend Art 1 or a in the Name of their Secretary.

No Abatement by Death, Sec. of Secretary.

* appointed by the Commissioners for improving and completing the

* Harbour at Dunmore, in the County of Waterford; and that I

* will not accept or receive, directly or indirectly, any Monies, Fees, «Perquisites or Proftts, by Way of Commission, Premium, Per«Centage, Poundage or otherwise, for or'by reason of the said

< Office, or any of the Duties annexed thereto, or by reason of«any Account, Contract or Payment made or to be made, or in

* any way relating to the said Harbour, or any of the Materials or

< Works thereof, save such Payment and Compen{ation only as fliall

< be paid or allowed to me by the said Commissioners/

And if any such Secretary, Clerk or other Officer, Engineer or Surveyor, shall be guilty of any Fraud, Concealment or other matter, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Oath, and be thereof convicted, he shall be deemed guilty of a Mifdemeanor5 and it shall be lawful for the Court, by and before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, to in Aid such Puniffiment as may be by Law inffided on a Person guilty of a Misdemeanor.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to contract and agree with any (it and proper Person or Persons, Engineer, Surveyor, Artificers, Workmen and others, for the making, doing, completing and finishing all or any of the Quays, Piers, Walls, Eredions, Roads and Works requisite to be done and performed, for the completing, executing and finishing the said Harbour at Dum-more, or any Part thereof, or for supplying any of the Materials for the same; and every such Contract shall be (igned by the Person or Persons contracting or agreeing to perform such Works respectively, and also by Two or more of the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, or by the Secretary authorized by the said Commissioners for that Purpose; and that all Contracts which shall or may be so entered into shall be and the same are hereby declared good, valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner or Commissioners may sue and be sued in the Name of his or their Secretary for the time being, by the Style and Title of, *Secretary to the Commissioners of Dunmore Harbourand that all Actions, Suits, Prosecutions, Informations, Appeals and other Proceedings what-' soever, that may be necessary or expedient to be brought for the Recovery of any Penalty or Sum of Money due or payable by virtue of this Act, to be had, taken, prosecuted or defended by or again ft the said Commissioners, shall be had, taken and prosecuted in the Name of the Secretary; and that no Action, Suit, Prosecution, Information, Appeal or other Proceedings to be had, taken, prosecuted or defended by or again ft the said Commissioners in the }4ame of their Secretary, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death, Suspension or Removal of such Secretary, or by any Ad or Default of such Secretary done or ^uffered, without the Consent or Direction of the said Commissionere, but that the Secretary for the time being shall be always deemed the Plaintiff, Prosecutor, Informant, Appellant, Defendant or Respondent, in any such Action, Suit, Prosecution, Information, Appeal or other Proceedings, except in such Adiod or Actions, Suit or Suits, as shall be instituted, prosecuted and carried on between the said Commissioners and the Secretary for the time

being.

Exception.

A.D. 1818.

58 GEO. III.

207

C.7*.

being, in which Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, any one of the said Commissioners shall or may be Plaintiff or Defendant, a9 the case may be: Provided always, that every such Secretary, in whose Name any such Action, Suit, Prosecution, Information, Appeal or other Proceeding shall be had, taken, prosecuted or defended, in purfu&nce of this Act, shall be fully indemnified, reimbursed and paid, out of the Monies applicable to the Purposes of this Act, all such Coils, Charges, Damages and Expences as by the Events, or in consequence of any such Action, Suit, Information, Appeal or other Proceedings, he (nail pay, bear, expend or be put unto, or become chargeable with or liable for, or be fairly entitled to, by reason of his being so made Plaintiff, Defendant, Informant, Appellant or Refjpondent, as aforesaid, unless such Action or Suit shall arise in consequence of his own wilful Neglect or Default, or that shall have been brought or commeneed, or be defended, without the Order of the said Commissioners.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for all the Three Commissioners to be appointed for the Purposes of this Act, by any Writing under the Hands of them and every of them, from time to time to authorize and empower their Secretary for the time being to do any special Ad, matter or thing which such Commissioners, or any Two of them, are by this Act authorized to do; and every Ad, matter or thing done by such Secre-tary in the Execution of such Power and Authority, shall be as good and valid to all Intents and Purposes as if the same were done by such Commissioners or any Two of them.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by and with the Consent and Approbation in Writing of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief

%, Governor or Governors pt Ireland for the time being, to purchase all such Lands, Ground, Buildings, Houses, Hereditaments and Premises whatsoever as are mentioned and particularized in the Schedule marked A. trt this Act annexed, and in the Map or Plan deposited with the Clerk of the Parliaments, or such Part of them as the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act may, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors as aforesaid, think necessary to be purchased and employed for the Purposes of this Act; and all such Ground, Buildings, House9 and Premises which shall be purchased and employed for the Purposes of this Act, shall, when so purchased, be veiled in the said Commissioners, and shall be taken Pofieifion of and shall be employed for the Pqrpofes of this Act, according to the Directions of the Commissioners for executing this Act, under the Regulations in this Act mentioned and contained.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Fee Tail General or Special, Parsons, and all Vicars, Feoffees in Trufl, Committees of Lunatics and Idiots, Executors, Administrators, Guardians and other Trustees whatsoever, for or on behalf of any Infants, Femes Covert or Ceftuique Trulls, and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever who are or shall be seised, poffefied of or interested in.any of the.Lands, Grounds or Hereditaments fpedfied in the

Schedule

Secretary indemnified in re-fpeft of such Action*.

AH the Commissioners may empower the Secretary to act for them.

Commissioners empowered to purvlufe Land; ,

veiled in Com-miffi oners.

Bodies Politic. Sec. empowered to fell and convey Lands to Commissioners.

C. 72.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

In default of Agreement, a Jury lobe fum-moned.

Penalty aool.

How Jury drawn.

Challenge of Jury.

Schedule marked A. to this Act annexed, to treat, contract and agree with the said Commissioners for the Purchase of such Lands, Grounds or Hereditaments, or any Part or Parts thereof, and for their Interest therein, for the Purposes afore said, and to fell and convey the same, as Occasion shall be or require; and all Contra&i and Agreements, Sales and Conveyances which shall be so made, shall be valid and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage or any other matter or thing whatsoever, to the contrary thereof in any wile notwithstanding; and all Feoffees in Trust, Committees of Lunatics and Idiots, Executors, Admini-trators, Guardians and Tru flees, Corporations Aggregate and Sole, and all other Persons, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons seised or poffeiTed of, or interested in any Ground, Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premiles which shall be deemed necessary to be purchased by the Commissioners appointed under this A6fc, with such Confeut and Approbation as aforesaid, shall refuse to treat or agree for the Sale thereof, or shall not agree with the said Commissioners in the Sum of Money offered to be given for the same, or shall not or cannot produce a clear Title to the Pre-mifes they are in Possession of, or the Interest: they claim therein, that then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or any Two of them (not being interested in the Question to be determined, by being entitled to any Sura or Sums of Mooey claimed to be paid for such Lands and Premises, or any Damages lefpe&ifgly or any Part thereof) from time to time to issue a Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, under their Hands and Seals, to the Sheriff of the County or Counties in which such Lands lie, thereby commanding such Sheriff to impanneland return a competent Number of substantial and difititerefted Persons qualified to serve on Juries, not lefa than Twenty nor more than Forty, and such Sheriff is hereby authorized and required to impannel and return such Jury or Juries from time to time accordingly, u^ier the Penalty of Two hundred Pounds for every Default in so doing, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill of Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by such Commissioners or their Secretary, in manner herein provided, or in default by them or either or any of them, then by any Person who shall sue for the fiune in any Court of Record in this Kingdom; and out of such Persons so to be im-pannelled and returned, a Jury of Twelve Persons shall be drawn by some Person, by Bailot, to be named by the said Commissioners, or by their Secretary appointed as aforesaid; which Persons so to be impanoelied, summoned and returned as aforesaid, are required to come and appear before the said Commissioners or their Secretary as aforesaid at such time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, shall be directed and appointed, and to attend the said Commissioners or their Secretary until discharged by them or him; and all Parties concerned shall and may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen, but shall not be at liberty to challenge the Array; and the said Commissioners or any Two of them, or their Secretary as aforesaid (not being interested as aforesaid), are hereby authorized and empowered by Precept or Precepts, Summons or Summonfes, from time to time as Occasion shall require,

12 to

58° GEO. III.

299

C.7».

to call before them or him and the said Jury all and every Person and Persons whomsoever who shall be thought proper and necefTary to be examined as Witnesses before them or him and the said Jury9 on their Oath or Oaths, touching or concerning the Premises; and the said Commissioners or their Secretary, as the case may be, if they or he shall think fit, shall and may authorize the said Jury to view the Place or Places in question in such Manner as they shall direct, and shall have Power to adjourn such Meeting from Day to Day as Occasion shall require, and to command such Jury upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as also the Oaths to such Person and Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Commissioners, not being interested as aforesaid, or their Secretary, are and is hereby empowered and required to admin(ler) to inquire of the Value of such Grounds, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments as shall be required or necefTary for the Purposes of this AA, and of the refpeAive Estate, Right, Title, Term and Interest of every Person and Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, seised or poflefied thereof or interested therein, or of or in any Part thereof, and shall aftefs and award the Sum or Sums to be paid to every such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Purchase of his, her or their refpeAive Estates, Rights, Titles, Terms and Interests as aforesaid; and the said Comjnimoners or any Two of them, not being interested as aforesaid, or their Secretary, shall and may award and give Judgment for such Sum or Sums of Money To to be aflefied and awarded $ which said Verdi A or VerdiAs, and the said Award, Judgment and Determination thereupon, Notice in Writing being given to the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate interested, at least Twenty one Days before the time of the First Meeting of the said Jury, declaring the time and Place of the Meeting, and the Purposes for which the same is had, by leaving such Notice at the Dwelling House of such Person or Persons, or at his, her or their usual Place or Places of Abode, if then resident within Ireland, and if not then with the known Agent or Receiver of the Rents of such Person or Persons as shall be then absent from Ireland, or if a Body Politic or Corporate, then with the ostensible or aAing Officer of such Body Politic or Corporate, shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever against all and every Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, claiming any Estate, Right, Title, Trust, Use or Interest in, to or out of any such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments or Premises, either in PofTession, Reversion, Remainder or ExpeAancy, as well Infants and IfTue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots and Feme Coverts, and Persons under any legal Incapacity or Disability, and all other Ceftuique Trusts, his, her and their SuccefTors, Exe-i cutors and Administrators, and against all other Persons whomsoever; and the said Verdi As, Awards, Judgments and Decrees, and all other ProceedingS'Of the said Commimoners and Juries, to be made, given and pronounced as aforesaid, shall be fairly written on Parchment, and signed by the said Commissioners who mall pronounce such Judgment*

XL Aod be it further enacted, That when the Value of any Lands, Tenements or Premises, shall be submitted to a Jury, such Lands, Tenements or Premises, shall be valued by such Junr, with refpeA to the actual State, Situation and Value of such LantU and Premises,

in

Jury may view,

aod inquire of the Value.

Commissioner.' not being interested may give Judgment.

Notice.

Conclusive.

Proceedings to be signed by Commifiionexs.

Jury to value Ground according to actual State.

C.7 2.

58° GEO. III.

A.D: i818.

Upon Payment of Sums awarded Conveyances tc be made to Commitfioneri.

Proceedings to be enrolled in the Court of Chancery, and Copies to be Evidence ;

and on Pro* eeedings herein mentioned, Estate veiled in Commissioners.

If Jury give more than offered by Commissioners, how Costs attending the Decision to be paid.

in like manner as if the Ad had not been made, and not according to the additional Value which Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises may acquire, or be supposed to acquire by the making, improving and completing the said Harbour, or by any future Improvements to be made or which might be made in any such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises, in confequeoce of such Harbour, or the Expenditure which shall be laid out for the Purposes of this A A.

XII. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money so to be awarded or adjudged to the Person, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, to whom the same shall be awarded for the Purchase of fuen Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises as aforesaid, or for the Purchase of any Estate, Right, Title, Term or Interest therein, or on depositing the same in the Bank of Ireland in manner by this Act directed, as the caie may be, such Person or Perform, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall make and execute, or cause or procure to be made and executed. Conveyances to the said Commissioners of such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises as aforesaid, or of fnch Estate, Right, Title, Term or Interest for which such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded, and shall procure all necessary Parties to execute such Conveyances, Assignments and Assurances, and shall do all A6b, matters and things necessary and requisite to make a good, clear and perfect Title to the said Commissioners.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all such Judgments, Verdids, Sentences, Decrees, Orders and other Proceedings of the said Commissioners and Juries, as relate to or concern the Premises aforesaid, shall be enrolled in the Rolls1 Office of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, and the same, or true Copies thereof, shall be deemed and taken to be good and sufficient Evidence and Proof in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity what foe ver; and immediately on the Entry of such Verdids, Judgments, Sentences, Decrees, Orders and other Proceedings of the said Commissioners and Juries as aforesaid, and on Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money agreed on or adjudged or awarded for the Purchase of any Land or Premises, to the Proprietor or Proprietors of any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises, or to the Person or Persons who shall be entitled to receive such Money, or on Payment of such Money, respecting which any Difficulties, Disputes or Differences shall arise, into the Bank of Ireland, in manner and for the Purposes herein mentioned, all the Estate, Right, Title, Term, Interect, Use, Trust, Property, Claim and Demand in Law and Equity of the Persons to whom or to whose Use such Money shall be paid as aforesaid, shall pass to and be veiled in the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, who shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Pof-fession thereof to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury shall give in a Verdict for more Monies as a Recompence for the Right, Interest or Property of any Person or Persons in any Lands or Hereditaments, than what shall have been offered by the said Commissioners, before the summoning or returning the Jury, as a Recompence for any such Right, Interest or Property, that toen and in such case the Costs and Expences attending the deciding the same by such Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the. said Commissioners

out

A. D. 1818.

58° GEO. III.

C. 7 2.

301

out of the Money to be raised by virtue of this Act; but if such Jury shall give a Verdict for no more or for less Monies than shall have been offered by the said Commissioners, before the summoning and returning the said Jury, as a Recompence for any such Right and Interest or Property as aforesaid, that then the Costs and E*-pences attending the deciding the same by such Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons to whom such Lands or Hereditaments shall belong.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded *to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments purchased by virtue of the Powers and for the Purposes of this Act, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, or seised or possessed of only a particular or determinable Eilate or Interest therein, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Coramimoners for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money may be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the same Lands or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the same or the like Uses, Intents or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and in the same manner as the Lands or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken or used as aforesaid Rood settled or limited, or such of them as at the time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effest; and in the meantime, and until such Pur'-chafe shall be made, the said Money shall by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be vetted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of some of the Public Funds or Annuities transferable at the Bank of Ireland; and in the meantime, and until the said Public Funds or Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Funds or Annuities shall from time to time be paid by Order of the said Court to the* Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Incapacity or Dif-,

ability

Application of Compen&tion Money when amounting to or exceeding acoU

Application when Compen fation is less than SOol. and exceeds aol.

302

C.7*.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Application when Money it left than stol.

In certain cases the Purchase Money paid into the Bank, to be placed to the Credit of Parties interested in the Premises, fub-jt& to the Order of the Court of Chancery on Motion or Petition.

ability as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum. of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in such case the same shall (at the Option of the Person or Perfoos for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments taken or used, or of his, or her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, ) be paid into the said Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the said High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in the manner hereinbefore directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persona making such Option, and approved of by the Commissioners for executing this Act, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties, ! in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising therefrom may be applied in manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the same may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as last before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such manner as the said Commissioners for executing this Act shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for theUfe mid Benefit of such Person or Persons entitled respectively.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be paid as aforesaid, shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or shall refuse to execute such Conveyance or Conveyances; or in case such Person or Person8 to whom fnch Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be paid as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissionen to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded to be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments, describing them, subject to the Order, Control and Disposition of the said Court; which said Court, ' on the Application of any Pexfon or Persons making claim to fnch Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and n hereby empowered, in a fommary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and mvdled in the Public Funds, or to order Difbri-bution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate and E dates, Title or Interest of the Person or Penont making dairn thereunto, and to make such Order in

A. D. 1818.

58 GEO. IU.

C. 72,

303

the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable;

and the Caftiier of the Bank of Ireland, who shall receive such Cslhierof the

Sum Or Sums of Money, is and arc hereby required to give a Receipt Btnkito receive

or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and the Moniei-

fpecifyine for what and for whole Use the same is or are received,

to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of

Money into the said Bank as aforesaid.

XIA. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where Proviso for case any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any of difputtd Money to be paid into the Bank of Ireland> in the Name and witn Titles, the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right or Interest in any Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Divi-dends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands or Hereditaments at the time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Monies, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted. That where by Court of Chan-

reason of any DifabUity. or Incapacity of any Person or Persons or eery may °*dec Corporation entitled to any Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased x'

under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the Costs to be paid, same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be

applied in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to b* settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from time to lime to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Colls and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, who shall from time to time pay such Sum of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XXI. And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful Coramissioneri to and for the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act*, by aydifPre and with the Advice and Consent of* the Lord Lieutenant or other w"le*^ c' Chief Governor or Governors for the time being, to contract for the Such Contra a, granting, leasing, felling or disposing of, and to grant, lease, fell &c. to be ap-and dispose of, any Part of any Lands, Tenements and Heredita- proved by Lord meats which shall or may from time to time be purchased under this

Ad, and which shall or may not be necessary for the Purposes thereof: JJoifere, Ac. Provided always, that every Contract and every Lease or Sale of any such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or any Part of them, shall receive the separate Approbation and Consent of such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, and shall be

made,

C.72.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.181&

How Money arising there* from and from Rent* to be dif-poled c>f.

Commissioners to account.

Account approved and figoed a Discharge to Commissioners.

Limits of the Harbour.

Harbour Matter to M appointed by Lord Lieutenant; and to lay Moorings, Sec.

made, after public Notice given of such intended Contract, Leak or Sale, in such manner and under such Regulations as such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors shall from time to time order and direct; and all Money arising from the Sale thereof, and all Money arising from the Produce of the Rent of such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, shall be and the same are hereby vetted in the Commissioners for executing this Act; and all such Money arising from the Sale of such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, shall and may be disposed of and applied, under the Di-redions of the said Commissioners, in and towards the Purposes of this Act, as the said Commissioners shall think fit and expedient and the said Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, shall Four times in every Year, that is to say, within One Calendar Month next after the Twenty ninth Day of September, the Twenty fifth Day of December, the Twenty fifth Day of March, and the Twenty fourth Day of June in every Year, or whenever thereto required by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or his or their Secretary, render and give an Account to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or to the Chief Secretary of such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, of the Amount of all Money received by the said Commissioners for executing this Act, and of the Application thereof for the Purposes of this Act, up to each Quarter Day refpe&vdy, or to such other time as shall be required; and such Lord Lieu- | tenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or the Chief Secretary of such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, shall and may examine every such Account, and, in case they shall ap- j prove thereof, shall figmfy such their Approbation thereof in Writing at the Foot of such Account, signed by the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or by such Chief Secretary as aforesaid, and shall transmit and return the same so approved to the Commissioners for executing this Act; and every Account so approved and signed as aforesaid shall be a full and sufficient Discharge to the said Commissioners from or on account of all such Sums of Money as shall be mentioned in any such Account, and for the Expenditure and Application thereof; and the said Commissioners for executing this Act shall not he compellable or compelled to give or render any further or other Account of any such Money, or of the Expenditure or Application thereof; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding. I

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Limits of the said I Harbour of Dunmore shall be deemed and considered to be from Shannoon Point, otherwise called Black Nob, to Ardnamult Point.

XXIII. And be it further enacted. That from and after the puffing of this Act it shall and may he lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being from time to time to appoint a Person to ad as Harbour Matter within the said Harbour, and to remove any Harbour Matter so appointed, and to appoint another in his Room or Stead, as he or they shall fee fitting; and that it shall and: may he lawful for the said Harbour Matter, as he shall think fitting and expedient, to lay down I Moorings or Mooring ChainS| and ered and let up .Landmarks,

Beacons

A, D. 1818. 58° GEO. III. C. 72.

Beacons and Buoys, in any Place or Places in the said Bay or Harbour of Dunmorct or adjoining Lands between Sbannoon Point, otherwise Slack Nob» and Ardnamult Point, for the Guidance and Safety of His Majesty's Packets, and all other Ships and Vessels entering said Harbour.

XXIV. And be it'further enacted, That it shall and may be Salary toHar-

lawful for the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act out four Mailer, of the Duties of Tonnage made payable under this A A, to pay to the^nj* said Harbour Mailer such Salary and Allowances as to the said Com- oth*r

missioners, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the

time being shall appear competent and sufficient for the Performance of his Duties under this Act; and if the said Harbour Mailer /hall directly or indirectly alk or demand, or take or receive, any Fee*

Gratuity or Reward for the Performance of his Duty under this Act, or under Pretext or Pretence of any Act done by him in Execution of this Act, over or beyond fuen Salary or Allowance as aforesaid, such Harbour Mailer shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, together with Double the Amount of such Penalty.

Fee, Gratuity or Reward.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every such Harbour Power of Har-Mafter shall have Power and Authority to direct the mooring, un- fo"r as mooring, moving or removing of all Ships or other Vessels coming 10 Moorings, &c. into, lying or being in the said Port or Harbour of Dunmore, or

the Limits thereof as described in this Act, and to appoint and

regulate the time or times and the manner of their Entrance into,

lying in or going out of or from such Harbour, and to regulate and

determine the Position of such Ships and other Vessels; and in case Refilling to obey

any Owner, Mailer or other Person having the Charge or Command Harbour Matter.

of any Ship or other VelTel, shall refuse or neglect to moor, unmoor,

place, move or remove his Ship or VelTel according to such Directions,

upon Notice to him or them given or left with any Person or Persons

on board of such Ship or VelTel for that Purpose, every such Owner,

Mailer or other Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and it shall and may be lawful to Penalty, and for the said Harbour Mailer and his Afliffants, and he and his Alfiffants are hereby required, to moor, unmoor, place, move or remove such Ship and VelTel accordingly; and in case any Mailer,

Commander, Mate, Pilot or other Person or Persons taking Charge

or Command of any Ship or other VelTel, or any other Person or

Persons whosoever, shall obllruft or hinder the mooring, unmooring, Obftrulling

placing, moving or removing of any Ship or other VelTel lying or Mooring*.

being in the said Harbour, or the Limits or any Part thereof as

described in this Act, then and in every such cale such Person or

Persons To offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any

Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds. Penalty. x

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall MdeftingOf-wilfully obllrust, moleff or hinder any Surveyor, Engineer, Work- *CCTtor men or Labourers employed by the said Commissioners or their raen"

Secretary for the Purposes of this Act, in the Performance of his^

her or their Duty or Employment in the Execution of this Act, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and if any Person Penalty.

/hall wilfully, and to th$ Prejudice of the said Harbour, break, throw Breaking dom 58 Gao. III. X down, **«**

VTOKKl,

A.D. 18 IB.

3W

Felony.

Damaging Ships, Ac. Ropes, Cables, tc.

Penalty.

Duties in Schedule to this Act to be levied and paid.

ProvHo far Ships beloiiging to His Majesty, Ac.

Harbour MafUr to receive and account for Duties in Schedule B. y

C.72. 58° GEO. III.

down, destroy or in any wise damage or injure any Pier, Dock, Quay, Reservoir, Erect ion, Machine, Building, Roadway or other Work whatsoever, to be erected or made by virtue of this A ft, or any Part thereof, or of any Works erected in pursuance of this Act, every such Person so offending shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and being lawfully convicted thereof shall be lubjeft to the like Pams and Penalties as in cases of Felony; and the Court by or before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished as a Felon may be punished by the Law of Ireland, or in Mitigatiop of such Puniflimelit such Court may award such lesser Puniftiment as to such Court shall feern proper,

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Person9 shall wilfully and malicioully hurt, cut, damage or destroy any Ship, Wherry, Boat or other Vessel, lying within the present Harbour of Dunmore, or upon the Piers, Quays, Roads or Way leading to or belonging to the said Harbour, or either or any of them, any Rope, Cable, Anchor, Oar, Spear or any Tackling, Necessary or Material, belonging to any such Ship, Wherry, Boat or other Vessel, or any of the Furniture, Cargo or Property belonging to or on board such Ships or Yeffels, or any Goods or Property of any Person or Persons what foe ver, which may be lying at, upon or along such Piers, Quays, Roads or Ways, or any of them, or any of the Tools, Implements, Materials or other Goods, Chattels or Property used or intended to be used in the said Harbour, or the Works connected therewith or belonging thereto, or to the said Commissioners or to any other Person, for the Use of the said Works, that then and in such case the Person or Persons so offending shall upon Conviction forfeit and pay any Sum not less than Two Pounds, or more than Ten Pounds, in the Discretion of the Justice before whom such Offender shall be convicted of such Offence.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, upon or in respect of Ships, Vessels or other Bottoms which (haU come into the Port or Harbour of Dunmore, and upon and in respect of the several matters and things mentioned, specified and set forth in the Schedule marked B. to this Act annexed, the several Duties and Sums of Money mentioned, specified and set forth in Words and Figures in the said Schedule, in addition to all other Duties of Customs payable on or in respect of such Ships or Vessels, or such matters or things respectively, under any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to the levying of any Duties from or in respect of any Vessel or Vessels belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or that shall or may be employed in His Majesty's Service, or in the Service of the Poll Office, Excise or Custom9, or from or in respect of any Fiftring Vessels or Pilot Boats, or from or in respect of any Boats employed in the Service of the Commissioners for the Harbour of Waterford.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Harbour Mailer of the said Harbour of Dunmore*ior tfi£ time being to collect and levy from the Masters and Owners of thi several Ships and Vessels which /hall come into the said ijarbour, the

several

A.D. 1818/ 58° GEO. III. C.72.

ieveral Duties mated by this Act and the Schedule marked B. thereto annexed; and that the said Duties shall be payable to the said Harbour Mailer over and above all other Duties whatever payable on such Ships and Yeflels in refpcd of the Tonnage thereof, or otherwise howsoever; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Harbour Mailer to seize and distrain any such Ship or Vessel, or the Tackle, Apparel or Furniture thereof, or any Part thereof, and to detain the lame until Payment of the said Duties, and to give a Receipt for such Duties when paid; and the said Harbour Mailer shall keep an Account of all Sum and Sums of Money received by him on account of the said Duties under this Act, and shall account for the same Weekly and every Week to the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, and shall pay over the lame at such timet and in such manner, and under such Regulations, as the said Com-miSioners from time to time shall direct; and the same to be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

* XXXI. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year 4 of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An A3 for improving the 4 Port and Harbour of Waterford, and for other Purposes relating 4 thereto, it is enadfeed, that all VeiTels entering the Harbour of 4 Waterford shall pay certain Duties by the said Act granted, on 4 reporting at the Custom House of Waterford ; 9 Be it enacted and declared. That nothing in the said Act contained shall be construed to extend to VeffelWntering the Harbour of Dunmore% or anchoring within the Limits thereof; a* hereinbefore mentioned, and not reporting and entering at the Custom House at Waterford; any thing in the said recited Act, or in any Schedule thereto annexed, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That when the said Harbour and Port of Dunmore shall be completed, the same shall be and become vetted in the Commissioners hereinbefore directed to be appointed; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, by and with the Approbation and Consent of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being from time to time to reduce the Duties payable according to the Schedule marked B. to this Act annexed, and to raise the same again from time to time to the Amount of the Duties in the said Schedule specified, whenever it shall appear advantageous or expedient so to do.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Adb imposed, the manner of levying and rcco* vering whereof is not otherwise particularly directed, shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the* Offender's Good** and Chattels, and by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of One or more Justices of the Peace for the County of Waterford, which Warrant or Warrants such Juttice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to grant upon the - In* formation of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, which Oath such Juttice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to administer without Fee or Reward; and such Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered, after rendering the Overplus, if any be, when demanded, to the Party or Parties whose Goods and Chattels (kail be so distrained and fold, the Charges of such Distress and Sale being first deducted* shall be paid, if not otherwise dire&ed

X 2 to

907

and may Di£ train, fcc.

j6 G. 3. c.Ixiv. not to extend to certain VefTelt entering Dun-more Harbour.

After Completion of Harbour, to vest in Com-mifliooars, who may, with Content of Lord lieutenant, reduce Duties, in*Schedule B., fee.,

Penalties how recovered and applied.

58° GEO. III,

A.D.1818.

308 C. 72.

Appeal to the Quarter Sessions.

Costs.

Notice of Ap-

pwl.

Orders not quathed for want of Form.

No Certiorari.

Conviftfon of Offenders.

to be applied by this Act, to the Harbour Matter of the said Har-hour, to be by him accounted For to the Commissioners under this Act, in like manner and for the same Uses and Purpofesas the Rates and .Duties specified in Schedule B. to this Act annexed are applicable; and if sufficient Distress shall not be found, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices to commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction within the said County of Waterford* there to remain without Bail or Mainprise for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That ra case any Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any thing done in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Method of Relief hath been already hereby appointed, it shall be lawful for such Person to appeal to the Justices of Peace at their next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the said County of Waterford; or in case the said Cause of Complaint shall arise within Twenty Days next before such General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, then such Appeal may be made to tkc said Justices at the Second General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said County, who are hereby authorized and required to take Cognizance thereof, and to hear and determine the Complaint of any such Person in a summary Way, and, if they fee Cause, may by Order of such Sessions mitigate at their discretion all or any of the Penalties afore* said, or vacate or fet aside the Conviction, and fet the Party at liberty, or otherwise may ratify and confirm the same, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing or appealed against as to them shall seem just and reasonable, and to make such Orders and Judgments in regard to the Premises as they shall think fit; but the Person so appealing shall give Notice in Writing to the said Harbour Master of such his or her Intention of bringing such Appeal, and of the Cause or Matter thereof, Fourteen Days before the said Quarter Sessions.

XXXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Order made touching or concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, or any other Proceeding to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this prefect Act, shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed or removable by Certiorari or any other Writ or Process whatsoever into any of His Majesty'i Courts of Record at Dublin; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwit hftan ding.

XXXVI. And for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That all and every the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall aod may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Fora of Words, or in any Form of Words to the same Effect 5

Form of Con- RE it remembered. That on the Day of

v ftkm.«in the Year of His Majesty's

* Reign, ji. B. is convicted before of His

* Majesty'a Justices of the Peace fer the said County of

* [fpectfy tn& *be Offence, and time and Place when and where the

1 same

A.D. 1818. 58* GEO- Iir. C. 72.

* same was committed, as the cafeJball At.] Given under our Hand 4 and Seals, the Day and Year aforesaid.'

XXXVII. And- be it further enacted, That if any A6tion or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for a*y thing done in pursuance of this A6t> the same shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Fa6t committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the County where the Cause of Action shall have arisen, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General I(Tue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear (o to have been done, or that such A61ion or Suit shall be commenced after the time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, that then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon a Verdi6t for the Defendant, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or difcontinuc his, her or their A61ion or Suit, after the Defendant, or Defendants shall have appeared; or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Double Coffs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any other cases by Law.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Cods, Charges

and Expences incident to or attending the obtaining and patting of this Act, shall be reimbursed and paid out of the fird Rates and Duties to be raised by virtue of this Act. *

XXXIX. And be it further ena6ted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Judices and others, without being specially pleaded.

SCHEDULES to which the foregoing A St refers. SCHEDULE (A.)

Particulars of the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which may be purchased under this Act.

Lands to be purchased under this A£i from the Marquis of Water-

ford.

The Timber Yard Point, containing One Acre, One Rood* Eleven Perches 5 Little Ittand, containing Twenty Perches; from Timber Yard to the Railway, below the Middle of Road, containing Two Roods and Thirty four Perches; and the Rocky Hill, between the Railway and the Sea, containing Four Acres, Three Roods, Twenty five Perches 5 making in the whole Seven Acres and Ten Perches, all in the Townland of Dunmore, in the Parish of Kiilea, Barony of Gualtiere, and County of Waterford;

From Earl Fortescue.

The Free Stone Quarry, containing One Acre, in the Townland of Coxtown, in said rarifli, Barony and County.

X 3*SCHE*

3 69

Limitation Alt ion

General I flue.

Double Cofli.

Ex pence* of A a.

Public Alt.

310 C.7*, 73. 58° GEO. Ilf. .A.D.1818.

SCHEDULE (B.) PwTo(,

£* i« d*

For every Vessel anchoring between Black Nob and Ardnamult Point* if Bntifh built - - o o oj

Every British Vessel whiah shall make faff to the

Moorings in the Road - - - o o i

Every Vessel mooring within the Piers - - 002

For every Ton of Coals* Lime or Stone landed or

shipped at the Quays - -003

For every Ton of other Goods landed or shipped - 010

For all Foreign Ships, double the above Dues.

Per Head.

For all Horses, Oxen, Cows and other Cattle, commonly called Black Cattle, landed, shipped or exported from said Harbour - -010

Per Score.

For all Calyes, Sheep and Pigs landed, shipped or exported from said Harbour - - o o 10

CAP. LXXIII.

Act Act for regulating the Payment of Regimental Debts, and the Distribution of the Effects of Officers and Soldiers dying in Service, and the Receipt of Sums due to Soldiers.

[5th June 1818.]

« IT T HE REAS it is expedient that better Pro vi (ion should be € W made for the Payment of Regimental Debts and the*Distribution of the Effe&s of deceased Officers and SoldiersBe it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Sums dm for the Authority of the same, That all Sums of Money due in respect Military Cloth- of any Military Clothing, Appointments and Equipments, or in darned R° *i- of any Quarters, or of any Mess or Regimental Accounts,

nemal Debt*, Sums of Money due to any Agent or Paymaster or Quarter-

and payable out master, or any other Officer upon any such Account, or on account of any Arrears of any Advances made for any such Purpose, shall be deemed and

of Pay, Sec. taken to be Regimental Debts, and shall be paid out of any

Arrears of Pay, or out of the Effe&s or the Proceeds of the Effe&s, or oat of any Prixe.or Bounty Money of any Officer or Soldier dying while in the Service, in such Proportion or Priority as shall be ordered by the Secretary at War for the time being in that behalf, and in preference to any other Debts, Claims or Demands whatsoever Ho«r Queftjon 'Upon the Estate and Effe&s of such Officer or Soldier; and if any whether Claim Doubt shall arise at to whether any Claim or Demand made in is a Regimental relation to any Officer or Soldier is a Regimental Debt or not, such to be de- Question shall be decided by the Order or Certificate of the Secre-cMed* tary at War for the time being made in that behalf; and all such

Payments shall be good and valid in Law; and every Person who shall make any such Payment out of any such Arrears of Pay, Effe&s or Proceeds as aforesaid/ under the Provifioos of this Act, or in purfutnee of any such Order or Certificate of the Secretary it War, or into wqofe Hands any such Money shall come, shall be

and

A. D. 1818,

58Q GEO. III.

C.73.

311

and are hereby indemnified for and in respect of such Payments and all other Acts, matters and things done in pursuance of the Provisions of this Act, or of the Order or Certificate of the Secretary at War, in relation to the Distribution of such Arrears, Effects or Proceeds, in relation to the satisfying any such Regimental Debts as aforesaid; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament or Law or Laws to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Surplus paid by

Secretary at War for the time being to cause all Surplus which may Secretary at remain after satisfying such Regimental Debts as aforesaid, to be w*r tfj p*l(^n paid to the Person or Persons entitled thereto. entitled.

III. And be it further enacted. That all such Regimental Debts Regimental

shall and may be paid without any Probate of any Will being Debts to be paid obtained, or any Letters of Administration, or any Confirmation of Probate

Testament, or Letters Testamentary or Dative, being taken out by Su^us onl any Person; and the Surplus only of such Arrears of Pay, and deemed frrfonal Proceeds of any such Effects, shall be deemed the Personal Eft ate of Estate; and if the Deceased for the Payment of any Duty in respect of any Pro- not above aol. bate, or of any Letters of Adminiitration, or Confirmation of insybejwd Testament, or Letters Testamentary or Dative, or for the Purpose wut "ro all of Distribution as Personal Estate j and it shall be lawful for the

Secretary at War for the time being to order and direct the Payment or Distribution of any such Surplus in any case in which the same shall not exceed Twenty Pounds, without any Probate or Letters of Administration, or Confirmation of Testament, or Letters Testamentary or Dative, or Payment of any Duty of Stamps, or upon Legacies or otherwise; and it shall also be lawful for the How and to Paymaster General of His Majesty's Land Forces for the time being whom the same to issue any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds which may be due 10 be P*4, to any Officer deceased, or to the Widow or Relative of any Officer decealed, or to the Representative or Representatives of any such Officer, Widow or Relative, in like manner without any Probate or Letters of Administration, or Confirmation of Testament, or Letters Testamentary or Dative, or Payment of any Duty of Stamps, or upon Legacies or otherwise; the same to be paid to the Person who shall be notified by the Secretary at War to the Paymaster General as being entitled thereto; and all such Payments respectively shall be as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been made by or to any Executor or Administrator, or under the Authority of any Probate or Letters of Administration, or Confirmation of Testament, or Letters Testamentary or Dative; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament or Law or Laws to the contrary notwithstanding,

* IV. And Whereas Frauds are frequently practised upon Non 4 Commissioncd Officers and Soldiers, or their Representatives, by 4 Persons of bad Character who offer to aft as Agents, and are 4 authorized by such Non Commissioned Officers and Soldiers, or 4 their Representatives, to receive any Pay or Arrears of Pay, or *' Proceeds of any Effects of deceased Non Commissioned Officers 4 and Soldiers to which they may be entitledBe it therefore etiacted, That no Person, not being an Agent of some Regiment, Agents for Re-Battalion or Corps of His Majesty's Army, or of the Militia, shall only to

receive for any Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier, or for any for

Representative or Representatives of any Non Commissioned Officer Nun Commif-

X 4? or fioned Officers

and Soldiers.

C. 73.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Shares of Non Commissioned Officers, &c. to be paid only to thetnselyes, or their Executor, fcc.

Falfrly petfonat-ing others, or acting as Agents, not being authorised, See. MlTdenaeanor.

Creditor taking out Admmiftra. two, to be paid only the Sum due to him on Oath.

Ixttd Lieutenant may cause all A£b necef-Ury for execut-

or Soldier, any Pay or Arrears of Pay, or any Effects, ot Proceeds of any Effects, of any deceased Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier dying while in His Majesty's Service, unless such Perfoo shall be entiued to receive such Pay or Effects or Proceeds, or anj Part thereof, as a Devisee or next of Kin, or Executor or Adnu-niftrator of such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty fourth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, it shall not be lawful for any Agent or Agents appointed for the Distribution of Army Prize or Bounty Money, Grant or other Allowances of Money in the Nature thereof, or for the Treasurers of Cbel/ea Hospital, to pay the Share of any Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier to any Person or Persons whatsoever other than the Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier entitled to the same, or to the next of Kin or Executor or Administrator of such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier, or to the Agent of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of His Majesty's Army or Militia, duly authorized by the Party entitled thereto to receive the same.

VI. And be it further enabled. That every Person who shall falsely represent himself or herself to be, or who shall personate, a Parent, Child, Brother, Sifter or other Relative of any Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier, for the Purpose of obtaining or receiving, or endeavouring to obtain or receive any Pay or Arrears of Pay, or any Effects, or Proceeds of any Effects, or any Prize or Bounty Money, Grant or other Allowance of Money of any deceased Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier; and every Person, not being an Agent authorized to receive any such Money, or been fed as aforesaid* who shall for Gain, Hire, Pay, Commission or Reward, aft as an Agent for any Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier, or for any Repre-Tentative or Representatives of any Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier, relative to the applying for or receiving any such Pay or Arrears of Pay, Effects or Proceeds of Effeste, Prize or Bounty Money, or other Grant or Allowance, or who shall directly or is-directly, by himself or herself, or any other Person for his or her Use, take, accept or receive any Gam, Hire, Pay, Commission or Reward, for any matter or thing done in relation to applying for or receiving any such Money or Effects for or for the Use of any such Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier, or for any Representative or Representatives of any Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier, (haU be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and be liable to be puniflied accordingly.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Agent appointed for the Distribution of Army Prize or Bounty Money, Grants or other Allowances of Money in the Nature thereof) or for the Treasurer of Cbtlfea Hospital, to pay to any Creditor taking out Letters of Administration to a deceased Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier, out of the Share of such deceased Non Commissioned Officer or Soldier, any further or mater Sum than shall appear, by Affidavit to be made by the Perron taking out Letters of Administration, to be due to him at the time of taking out such Letters of Administration.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, by any Order or Orders under his or their Hand

or

A.D.1818.

58 GEO. HI,

313

C. 74, 7*1

or Hands, or under the Hand of his or their Chief Secretary, or of the Under Secretary for the Military Department in the Chief Secretary's Office in Dublin, to do ana perform all and any and every Acts, matters and things whatsoever, requisite for the carrying this Act into Execution in Ireland; and all Acts so done in Ireland shall be good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for the further Regulation of Payments of PenGons to Soldiers upon the Establishments of Chelsea and Kilmainbam.

[5th June 1818.3

* WHEREAS it is expedient that such Out Pensioners upoq 4 W the Chelsea Establishment as receive their PenGons in Ireland| 4 should receive the same Amount in Irtjh Money as is received by

* the Pensioners of Kilmainbam Hospital in Ireland of the like Class

* or Rate, clear of the Dedudion of One Shilling in the Pound to

* which such Chelsea PenGons are at present liable, under the Pro-4 visions of an Act paGcd in the Twenty eighth Year of His late 4 Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the Relief 4 of the Out Penjionert of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea; and that such 4 Pensioners of Kilmainbam Hospital as receive their PenGons in Great 4 Britain, should receive the same Amount of Engltfb Money, after 4 deduding the One Shilling in the Pound deduded from Chelsea 4 PenGons as aforesaid, as is received by the Out PenGoners upon the

* Chelsea Establishment in Great Britain of the like Class or Rate: ' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no such Dedudion of One Shilling in the Pound as aforesaid shall be made*from the PenGons upon the Chelsea Establishment paid in Ireland to PenGoners upon the Chelsea Establishment, during such time as such Out PenGoners fhatl receive their PenGons in Ireland, but the full Amount in Irish Currency, according to the Class or Rate of each Pension, shall be; paid to such Pensioners respectively; any thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That such Dedudion as aforesaid of One Shilling in the Pound shall be made from all PenGons paid in Enflijh Money to the Pensioners oF Kilmainbam Hospital receiving their PenGons in Great Britain, during such time as such PenGoners shall continue to receive their PenGons in Great Britain.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Chelsea and Kilmainbam Hospitals respectively, and they are hereby respectively empowered and required, from and after the passing of this Act, and from time to time thereafter as Occasion may require, to make such Orders, Rules and Regulations as may appear to them respectively to be necessary for the making such Payments and Dedudions respectively to such Out Pensioners upon their respective Establishments, and for the enabling the Pensioners upon the Establishment of Chelsea to receive their PenGons in Ireland irt Irish Currency, according to their respective Rates of Allowance, without Dedudions as aforesaid, and the Pensioners of Kilmainbam

Hospital

ing this Act to be done in Irej land.

a8 G. a. c. i*

No Dedudion of it. in the Pound from Pensions on Chelsea Establishment paid in Ireland.

Such Deduction from Pensioners of KUmainham paid in C. B.

Commissioners of Chelsea aod Kilmainbam Hospitals empowered to make Regulations for Payment of Pensions.

38° GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

€.74, 7b.

Hofpiul to receive their Feniions in Bnglj/b Money in Great Britain with such Deductions as aforesaid^ according to their respective Rates of Allowance, and for the carrying into Execution the Provisions of this A A in relation to such Payments and Deductions as aforesaid; any thing in any Act or A&s of Parliament, or Rules or Regulations heretofore made, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXV.

An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Offences conceded with the unlawful Deftru&ion and Sale of Game.

[5th June 1818.

4 WHEREAS the felling, exposing or offering to Sale, any*W Hare, Pheasant, Partridge, Moor Heath Game or Grouse,

4 is by Law prohibited: And Whereas it is expedient, for the more 4 effectual Prevention of Offences connected with the unlawful De-4 ftru&ion and Sale of Game, to provide by Law as hereinafter i&

4 enacted Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con font of Use Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, Buyiax and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons

whatsoever, whether mialified or not qualified to kill Game, shall buy any Hare, Pheasant, Partridge, Moor Heath Game or Grouse, every such Person or Persons who (lull so offend, and thereof shall be convicted before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, Magiftrateor Magistrates, acting for the County, Riding, City, Town, Borough, Division, or Place where such Offence shall be committed, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnestes, shall, for every Hare, Pheafant^ Partridge, Moor Heath Game or Grouse, so bought as afore-Penalty. said, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds; One half to be paid

to the Informer, and the other to the Poor of the Parish where Inch Offence shall be committed; the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Justice or Justices, Magistrate or Magiffrates, before whom, the Offender shall he convicted, rendering the Overplus of such Dif-

trefc and Sale {if any) to the Party or Parties, after dedu&ingthe Charges of making the lame; provided that such Conviction be made within Six Calendar Months after such Offence committed.

. IL And for the better Discovery of such Person or Persons as

shall buy or fell any Hare, Pheasant, Partridge, Moor Heath Game Persons buying or Grouse, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That or feUmg, or un- from and after the time of the passing of this Act, any Person that lawfully having /ball buy, fell, Qr offer to fell, or have unlawfully in his Pofsession, any ing" Mcha^ed" Hare, Pheasant, Partridge, Moor Heath Game or Grouse, and shall

from Penalties* make Discovery of any Person that hath within Six Calendar Months bought or sola any such Game as aforesaid, fp as any one shall be convicted of any such Offence by virtue of this or any other Statute ' now in force, luck Discoverer shall be discharged of and from all

.*Pains, Forfeitures and Penalties to which he may be and (hill have

become liable, before and at the time of the making such Discovery, by reason of the buying or felling, or offering to fell, or having unlawfully in his Pofsession, any such Game as aforesaid, any thing in any former Statute contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and shall jrepeive the same Benefit a#d Advantage as any other Informer

shall

A.D. 1818.

£8° GEO. III.

C. 75, 76*

815

fliall be entitled to, by virtue of this Act, for fdeh Discovery tod Information s Provided always, that not lung in tbit Act contained £ro!'so *to: shall be held or construed to discharge such Discoverer of or from "^tlon

1 any Pains, Forfeitures or Penalties, in respect whereof a Prosecution P s>

' shall be actually pending, or a Conviction or Judgment shall have been had against him, at the time of the making such Discovery as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That wheresoever any Person shall, Pemliie$ under»for any Offence to be committed against the ProvHiotis of this Act,

be liable or subject to any Forfeiture or Penalty upon Conviction be-^pro-fore any Justice or Judices, Magistrate or Magistrates as aforesaid, fecutor* it shall and may be lawful for any other Person whatsoever, either to proceed to recover the said Forfeiture or Penalty by Information and Conviction as aforesaid, or to sue for and recover the Whole of such Penalty for his own Use by Action of Debt or on the Case, Bill,

Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, wherein no Effoign, Wager of Law or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed, and wherein the Plaintiff, if he recovers, shall have r his Double Costs; and that no Part of the said Penalty recovered in any such Suit or Action shall be paid or applied to or for the Use of the Poor of the Parish wherein such Offence shall be committed:

Provided always, that no such Action, Suit, Bill, Plaint or Inform- Limitation of ation-shall be brought or exhibited, but within the Space of Six PrefccuUou. Calendar Months next after the Offence committed; and that in case*No'double of any Second Prosecution for One Offence, the Person doubly 1>rof*culion* prosecuted may plead in his Defence the former Prosecution pending, or the Conviction or Judgment thereupon had.

An Act to subject Foreigners to Arrest and Detention for Smuggling within certain Diftaaces of any of the Dominions of His Majesty j for regulating Rewards , to the Seizing Officers, according to the Tonnage of Vessels or Boats seized and condemned; and for the further Prevention of the Importation of Tea without making due Entry thereof with the Officers of Customs and Excise. [5th June 1818.]

* \\THEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His 45 g. 3. c. nr. 4 W present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the more </"- § 7.

* fcBual Prevention of Smuggling, it is enacted, that every Person

* being a Subject of His Majesty, who shall be found or taken on f board ortdiscovered to have been on board any Ship, VeiTel or Boat 4 liable to Forfeiture under any of the Proviftons of that Act, or liable 4 to Forfeiture under the Provisions of any other Act or Acts, for 4 being found or having been at Anchor or hovering within any such 4 Distances of any of the Dominions of His Majesty, with such Goods 4 on board as subject such Ship, Vessel or Boat, or Goods, to For-4 feiture, and who shall not prove that he was only a Passenger on

r 4 board such Ship, Vessel or Boat, and every Person found aiffing or 4 assisting in unfhipping to be laid on Land, or found carrying, con-4 veying, concealing or assisting in the carrying away, conveying or 4 concealing, any Foreign Brandy, Rum, Geneva or Spirits subject 4 to Forfeiture under that Act* or any Law or Act rela*to the

CAP. LXXVI

.evenue

S16

C. 76*

58° GEO. 1IL

A.D. 1818.

5; G.3.c.8; .

15-*

Foreigners found or who have been on board Vessel* liable to Forfeiture af lifting in conveying or

Spirits.

Penalty.

Hour to be recovered and

applied.

Revenue of Customs or Excise in the United Kingdom, are liable

to certain Penalties; and it is thereby made lawful for any Officer

or Officers of the Army, Navy, Marines, Customs or Excise, and 4 he and they is and are thereby authorized, empowered and re-4 quired to stop, arrest and detain every such Person, being a Subject 4 of His Majesty, and to convey the said Person before One or more 4 of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace redding near to the Port 4 or Place into which such Ship, Vessel or Boat shall be taken or 4 carried, or near to the Place where any such Person shall be io 4 taken or arretted, to be dealt with, proceeded against or prosecuted 4 in the manner therein directed; and by another Act passed in the 4 Fifty seventh Year of His said Majesty5s Reign, intituled An Ad 4 to amend Two A8s, faffed in the Forty fifth Year of His prefeat 4 Majesty, and in the lafi Session of Parliament, for the making more 4 effeBual Provision for the Prevention of SmuggRng, further Pro-4 visions are made for proceeding against such Persons before. Justices 4 of the Peace: And Whereas it is expedient to extend the Provifioos 4 of the said recited Acts to all Persons who are not Subjects of His 4 Majesty found within a certain Distance of any of the Dominious 4 of His Majesty j* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person not

' being a Subject of His Majesty, who shall be found or taken oo board, or dilcovered to have been on board any Ship, Vessel or Boat, within One League of any of the Dominions of His Majesty, such Ship, Vessel or Boat being liable to Forfeiture under any of the Proviflons of the said recited Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or liable to Forfeiture under the Pro-visions of any other Act or Acts, for being found or having been at Anchor or hovering within any such Distances of any of the Dominions of His Majesty, with such Goods on board as subject such Ship, Vessel or Boat, or Goods, to Forfeiture, and who shall not prove that he was only a Passenger on board such Ship, Vessel or Boat; and every Person not being a Subject of His Majesty, found within One League of any of the Dominions of His Majesty aiding or assisting in unlnipping to be laid on Land, or found carrying or conveying, concealing or assisting in carrying away, conveying or concealing, any Foreign Brandy, Rum, Geneva or Spirits subject to Forfeiture under the said recited Act, or any Law> or Act relating to the Revenue of Customs or Excise in the United Kingdom, shall forfeit for every such Offence either Treble the Value of the Goods that shall be found or taken from such Person or Persons, or the Sum of One hundred Pounds, at the Option and subject to the Election and Discretion of the Commissioners Of Customs or Excise respectively who shall direct any Prosecution or Suit to be commenced against any such Person; such Penalty of Treble the Value or of One hundred Pounds, as the case may be, to be recovered as any like Penalty may be recovered under any Act or Acts relating to the Revenue of Customs or Excise in the United Kingdom; and One half of every such Penalty of Treble the Value or of One hundred Pounds, shall go and be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons finding and taking and detaining such Person not being a Subject of His Majesty, or informing for the same; and such Person shall also be liable to such

other

PuniftiDMQt.

A.D.18IS,

58 GEO. III,

317

C. 10.

Such Persont may be arrested tod taken before a J office, who

Other Puniftiment at may by any Law or Ad of Parliament be inflicted on any such Offender; and it shall be lawful for any Officer or Officers of the Army, Navy, Marines, Customs, Excise or Smuggling Preventive Boat Service, and he and they it and are hereby authorized, empowered and required to (top, arrest and detain every such Person, ^y commit' not being a Subject of Hit Majesty, and to convey the said Person on Con via ion if before One or more of Hit Majesty*# Just ices of the Peace redding Penalty be not near to the Port or Place Into which such Ship, Vessel or Boat (haU be taken or carried, or near to the Place where any such Person shall be so taken or anrested; and it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any such Person so aireffed as aforesaid shall be carried, on the Contession of any such Person of any such Offence aa aforesaid with which he may be charged in any Information or Complaint to be then and there laid or exhibited by any Officer of the Customs or Excise against him, or on Proof thereof on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to convict such Person in such Penalty respectively as aforesaid; and every such Person so convicted at aforesaid, shall immediately on such Conviction pay down into the Hands of such Officer the said Penalty in which he or she shall be so convicted; and if any such Person or Persons so convifled shall not forthwith pay down the said Penalty, the said Justice or Justices shall, and he and they is and are hereby respectively authorized and required, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, to commit the Person so. convicted as aforesaid to any Gaol or Prison or House of Correction until such Penalty shall be paid; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs or CommHfioners Excise in England, Scotland or Ireland respectively, and they are may reward Per-hereby required, in cases where any such Person has been so convicted fens detaining and committed to Prison as aforesaid, to award to the Person so de- Offenders, taining any such Man or Men any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds for each Man so convicted and committed to Prison.

4 II. And Whereas by an Act made in the Fifty sixth Year of the 56 G.3. c. 104.*Reign of His present Majesty, for, amongst other things, making 4 more effectual Provision for the Prevention of Smuggling, and rewarding Officers and Persons making Seizures and capturing Smug-

4 gling Vessels, certain Rewards were allowed and made payable on 4 the Value at which the Goods, Wares or Merchandize therein men-4 tioned, seized by any Officer or Officers, should be respectively 4 eftlmated or fixed by the Commissioners of Customs or Excise re-4 spectively ordering and dirediner the Prosecution; And Whereas 4 Doubts have arisen whether such Rewards allowed and made pay-4 able by the said last recited Act as aforesaid, repealed or took away 4 the Rewards respectively granted and made payable by a certain 4 Ad made in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His present 4 Majesty, for, amongst otner things, amending several Laws relating 4 to the Revenue of Customs; and by a certain other Ad made in 4 the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for 4 repealing the Duties 00 Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new 4 Duties in lieu thereof; and of another Act made in the Forty fe-1 venth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making more 4 effectual Provision for the Prevention of Smuggling, for or in respect 4 of the Seizure of any Vessel or Boat which by Law should be liable 4 to be broken up.after Condemnation, and not be used in His 4 Majesty's Service, or fold to be employed or used as a Privateer in

* the

§6.

C. 70,

&8° GEO. III.

A. D. 1818.

Rewards granted by 56 0.3. c. 104. do not take away the Tonnage Rewards granted by a8 O. 3. c.34. *9 G. 3. c. 68. 47 G. 3. c.66.

XO G. x. c. xo.

I 47-

Tea unihipped in G. B. with-out due Entry forfeited, and Penalty.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

1 the manner therein mentioned, or which, on account of the Built,

* Conftrudion, Denomination or Description thereof, should be liable

* to Forfeiture by any J\d or Ada of Parliament to be broken up,

< and which at the time of the Seizure should be found in ballast or 4 light, fach Rewards being by the said Ada respectively made pay-

< able at and after certain Kates, according to the Tonnage of the c Vessel or Boat seized and condemned; and it is expedient to ream

* such Doubts ; * Be it therefore declared and enacted, That the bid Rewards so granted and made payable by the said Act made in the Fifty sixth Year aforesaid, do not repeal or take away, and shall 00c be deemed or construed to repeal or take away, the said Tonnage Rewards respectively granted by the said recited Ada of the Twenty eighth. Twenty ninth and Forty Seventh'Years aforesaid; but that toe said recited Tonnage Rewards respectively granted and made payable by the said last mentioned Acts shall be allowed, and payable and paid, in all cases to which the same respectively apply, in the same manner as if the said recited Act of the Fifty sixth Year aforesaid, or a certain other Ad made in the Fifty Seventh Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, for the Amendment thereof, had not been made; any thing in the same or any other Ad to the contrary not-Handing.

4 III# And Whereas by an Act made in the Tenth Year of the 4 Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, for, amongst 4 other things, repealing certain Duties therein mentioned, payable

* upon Tea imported, and for granting certain Inland Duties ia lieu 4 thereof, it was enacted, that it any Person or Persons should import

* or bring any Tea which ought to be fecnred in such Warehouse as

* therein aforesaid into Great Britain, and should not make due Entry 4 thereof and bring the same into such Warehouse, the same should

* be and was thereby adjudged to be clandestinely run and unlawfully

< imported: And Whereas it ia expedient, for the Prevention of the 4 Smuggling of Tea, to impose further Penalties in that behalf; 1 Be it therefore further enacted. That if any Person or Perfooi (half import or bring into, or unfttip or land, in Great Britain, or within the Limits of any of the Ports thereof, any Tea which ought by Law to be entered with the proper Officers of Customs and Excise respectively, and shall not make due Entries thereof, so that the Duties of Cuuoms and Excise granted and imposed in respect of Tea may be respectively Secured and paid for and in respect thereof, all fuchTea so imported, brought, unshipped or landed, shall be deemed and in hereby adjudged to be dandeninely run, and shall be forfeitedi and shall and may be Seized by any Officer of Customs or Excise; and the Person or Persons so offenoing, or aiding or assisting therein, or removing, receiving, harbouring or concealing any run Tea, stall, for each and every such Offence, Severally forfeit and lose the Stun of Ten Pounds for every Pound Weight thereof, or the Sum of One hundred Pounds, at the Election of His Majeifcy's Attorney General, or the Person or Persons who shall Sue or prosecute for the (ame; and no such Penalty shall be mitigated by any Justice or Justicea below One fourth Part thereof; any thing in any other Ad or Aftsto the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, and also by the lad mentioned Act made in the Fifty Seventh Year aforesaid, shall be sued for, recovered, levied

or

A.D. 1818. 58° GEO. IlL C. 76, 77.

or mitigated by such Ways, Means or Methods as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture mav be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt. Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at 1VeflminJterf or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that, nnlefs where otherwise specially dirested, One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeflbrs, and the other Moiety to him, her Or them who (Kail discover, inform or sue for the same.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act to repeal the Duty upon Rock Salt delivered for feeding or mixing with the Food of Cattle, and imposing another Duty, and making other Provisions in lieu thereof.

[jth June 1818.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for altering and amending*the Laws of Excise with respect to Salt and Rock Salt, it was enacted amongst other things, that for enabling Farmers to try the*Effect of Salt in feeding Cattle, it should and might be lawful for*any Owner or Proprietor of any Rock Salt Pit or Rock Salt Mine to fell and deliver from his, her or their Pit or Mine, or Warehouse*or Storehouse adjoining thereto, such coarse and impure Rock Salt as should be approved of by the proper Officer of Excise appointed*for inspecting the, same, in Lumps of not less Weight than Twenty*Pounds each, to such Person and Persons, and in such*Quantity 4 and Quantities as should and might be granted by the Commissioners*of Excise, for the Purpose of feeding or mixing with the Food of 4 Sheep and Cattle, upon such Person or Persons paying Duty for 4 the same at and after the Rate of Five Shillings per Bushel, and so 4 in proportion for any greater or less Quantity, and upon Bond 4 being given to His Majesty by such Person or Persons, with fuf-* ficient Sureties to the Satisraftion of the said Commissioners, or the*Person or Persons appointed to take such Bond, in the Penalty 4 of Double the Amount of the Duty upon Rock Salt delivered for < Home Consumption, that the whole of the Rock Salt so delivered 4 should be used, spent, consumed and employed by him, her or*them, in feeding or mixing with the Food of Sheep or Cattle, and 4 in no other manner, and to and for no other Use or Purpose what-4 soever: Provided, that no further Quantity of Rock Salt should be 4 delivered as aforesaid to any Person or Persons for such Purpose as 4 aforesaid, until the Bond and Bonds given by such Person or Per-* fons on the Delivery of every prior Quantity should be satisfied and 4 discharged; and further, that evenr such Bond should be satisfied 4 and discharged, on a Certificate signed by the Person to whom*such Rock Salt should have been delivered, and who thereupon 4 should have given such Bond, his Executors, Admmiftrators or 4 Assigns, and delivered by him, her or them to the Collector in 4 whole Collection he, (he or they should reside, declaring the whole*of such Rock Salt to have been used, spent, employed and con- fumed in feeding or mixing with the Food of Sheep and Cattle, and*in no other manner and to and for no other Use or Purpose what-4 soever, and specifying m what manner and Proportions the same bad 4 been so ufed/ what Description and Number of Sheep ot Cattle had

4 been

SIS

57 0.3* e.49*

§4*.

*47.

58* GEO. III.

A. D. 1818.

£20

«4&

The said Duty and Provisions repealed.

Rock Salt m Lumps not lets than loth. may be delivered for feeding Cattle, &c. on Approbation of Officer and Payment of a Duty at the Rate of of is. 6d. per Jkifhel.

C. 77t

* been fed therewith, on what Lands and where situate, and what Be*

* nefits appear to have resulted therefrom i Provided always that do

* such Certificate should discharge any such Bond, unless such Col-

* ledor as aforefaicfr fitould upon Inquiry be satisfied of the Truth

* thereof, and of the several Matters therein dated, and underwrite

* the same upon the same Certificate; and that if any such Certificate

* as aforesaid should not be signed and delivered as aforesaid to such

* Collt&or before the End of One Month after the Expiration of

* Twelve Months from the Bond being given and Rock Salt delivered

* as aforesaid, or should in any respect be *false, or any of the Rock

* Salt delivered as aforesaid should be used, spent, employed or coq.

* fumed in any other manner, to or for any other Use or Porpose,

* than feeding or mixing with the Food of Sheep or Cattle, the Pe.

* nalty of the Bond given on the Delivery of any such Rock Salt

* should be forfeited and paid to His said Majesty; and further that

* nothing therein contained should extend or be deemed or conftrued

* to extend to prevent any Person or Persons felling or transferring ' any Quantity of the Lumps or Pieces of coarse and impure Rock

* Salt which he, she or they should or might receive for the Purpose 4 of feeding or mixing with the Food of Sheep or Cattle, under any ' such Bond as aforesaid, provided the Consent and Approbation of 4 the Commissioners of Excise to and of such Transfer and Delivery 4 should be first had and obtained, 'and such Bond and Security should

* be first given by the Person or Persons intending to receive the same 4 as hereinbefore mentioned, which Bond should be taken and accepted

* by the Colle&or aforesaid in discharge or part discharge of the Bond

* given on the First Delivery of such Rock Salt from the Mine or Pit, ' in the Proportioned according to the Quantity in such fubfequeot

* Bond mentioned, and should be discharged by such Certificate ai

* aforesaid, or the Penalty thereof enforced m like manner as if the same

* should have been given on the first Delivery of such Rock Salt at 4 aforesaid: And Whereas it is expedient to repeal the Duty and 4 Provifion8 hereinbefore recited, and impose another Duty, and make 4 other Provisions in lieu thereofBe it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act the Duty and Provisions hereinbefore recited shall be and the same are hereby repealed, save and except in all cases relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears of the said Duty which may at that time remain unpaid, or to aoy Bond already given as aforesaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, relating to any Rock Salt, which shall have been delivered under the said Provisions respectively before the passing of this Act, to be accounted for as aforesaid.

II* And be it further enacted. That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for any Owner or Proprietor of any Rock Salt Pit or Rock Salt Mine to fell and deliver from hit, her or their Rock Salt Pit or Mine, or Warehouse or Storehouse adjoining thereto, such coarse and impure Rock Salt as shall be approved of by the proper Officer of Excise appointed for infpeding the same, in Lumps of not less Weight than Twenty Pounds each to such Per* son and Persons, and in such Quantity and Quantities as shall and may be gran ted by the Commissioners of Excise, Tor the Purpose of feeding or mixing wjth the Food of Sheep and Cattle, or deeping Seed os

pit*

A.D. 1818,

58° GEO. IIL

C*77<

321

preserving Hay, or being employed as Manure for Lands upon such rerfon or Persons paying Duty for the same at and after the Rate of Two Shillings and Six pence per Bufhe), and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantityfuch Rock Salt being accompanied on its Removal from such Pit or Mine, or Warehouse or Storehouse, to the Place or Farm to which the same is to be sent with a Permit, as required by Law for Duty paid Salt, expressing the Quantity and Quality thereof, and the Purposes for which the lame is removed and intended.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons to or for whose Use such Rock Salt as aforesaid shall be sold or delivered as aforesaid, shall upon the Receipt of such Rock Salt, or within Two Days afterwards, deliver such Permit as aforesaid to the neared Officer of Excise, and shall be and remain accountable for the whole of such Rock Salt being used, spent, consumed and employed by him, her or them in feeding or mixing with the Food of Sheep or Cattle, or deeping Seed or preserving Hay, or as Manure for Land, and in no other Way or manner, and to or for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever: Provided that no further Quantity of Rock Sait shall be delivered as aforesaid to any Person or Persons who shall have already received any such Rock Salt for any of such Purposes as aforesaid, until such Certificate be given by such Person or Persons in refpeA of such prior Quantity of Rock Salt as hereinafter mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Person and Persons to whom any such Rock Salt shall be sold or delivered as aforesaid ishall, before the End of One Month after the Expiration of Twelve Months from the Delivery thereof, give and deliver a Certificate, ligned by such Person or Persons, hia, her or their Executors, Ad-miniftrgtors or Assigns, or Steward to the Colle&or of Excise in whose Collection he, (he or they shall reside, declaring that the whole of such Rock Salt has been used, spent, employed and consumed in feeding or mixing with the Food ot Sheep and Cattle, or in fteep-ing Seed, or in preserving Hay, or as Manure for Land, or deli-

* vered over as hereafter mentioned, and in no other Way or manner, and to or for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever, and (pecifying in what manner and Proportions the same has been so used, what Description or Number of Sheep and Cattle has been fed therewith, in what Way the same has been used as Manure, on what Lands, where situated, and what Benefits appear to have resulted therefrom; and that if such Certificate as aforesaid shall not be signed and delivered within such time as aforesaid, or shall in any refoeA be false, or if any of the Rock Salt so delivered as aforesaid shall be used, spent, employed or consumed in any other Way or manner, or to or for any other Use or Purpose than as aforesaid, the Person or Persons so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Forty Shillings per Bushel of such Rock Salt so delivered as aforesaid, or One hundred Pounds, at the Election of His Majesty's Attorney General, or the Person or Persons who shall sue of prosecute for the same; and that no such Penalty shall be mitigated by any Justice or Justices below One Fourth Part thereof, any thing in any other Act or AAs to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to or for any Person or Persons to whom or for whose Use any such Rock Salt shall be 59Gso.HI. Y.fold

To be removed

by Permit.

Permit to be delivered to nearest Officer of Excite.

No further Qusntity of Salt shall be delivered till Certificate be given.

Such Certificate to be delivered to Colle&or within One Month after Expiration of i a Months from Delivery of Rock Salt, declaring that the Salt has been confhmed in feeding Cattle^ &c.

Penalty.

Mitigation of Penalty.

Rock Salt may be removed to another Farm on Permit.

322

58° GEO. III

A.D. 1818.

C.77.

Puty how to be levied uul applied.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

Act nay be altered, &c. this Session.

fold or delivered as aforesaid, to apply to the nearest Excise Office for, and for such Officer with the Approbation of the Commissionere of Excise to grant such Permit or Permits as aforesaid for the further Removal of any Part of such Rock Salt to any other Farm or Land in the Possession of the same, or any other Person, for such Purposes only as aforesaid; and that thereupon the Person or Persons to whom fucn Rock Salt shall be removed and delivered, shall within Two Days after the Receipt of such Rock Salt deliver such Permit as aforesaid to the neared Officer of Excise, and shall be accountable and give such Certificate as aforesaid within such time as aforesaid for the Employment thereof, and be subject to the like Regulations and Penalties as aforesaid in all respects as if such Rock Salt had been delivered to him, her or them from the Rock Salt Pit or Rock Salt Mine from which the same was produced, or the Warehouse or Storehouse adjoining thereto j and that such Delivery over of such Rock Salt shall be lpecified in the Certificate, and taken and accepted by such Colledtor as aforesaid in Part Discharge of the Account of the Person to whom such Rock Salt had been fird delivered from such Mine, Pit, Warehouse or Storehouse as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Duty hereby imposed shall be raised, levied, collected, recovered, accounted for, paid and applied in such and the like manner, and in or by any or either of the general or special Means, Ways or Methods by which the former Duty of Excise hereby repealed was or might be raised, levied, collected, recovered, accounted for, paid or applied; and the Personi, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities by this Act respec-ively made liable to the Payment of or chargeable with the said Duty hereby imposed, shall be and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures (except as hereby expressly altered) to which such Persons, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities were generally or specially subject and liable by the AS hereinbefore recited, or by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, respecting the Duties of Excise.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by such Ways, Means or Methods (except as hereby altered), as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, respectively; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Suc-cedors, and the' other Moiety to him, her or them who shall discover, inform or sue for the same.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act or any of the Provisions thereof may be altered, varied or repealed by any Act to be made in this Session of Parliament.

CAP.

A.D. 1 BIB.

58* GEO. III.

C. 78.

323

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act: to make further Provision for the better securing the Collection of the Duties on Malt, and to amend the Laws relating to Brewers in Ireland. [5 th June 1818.]

TT J HERE AS it is expedient to provide for the better securing9W the Collection of the Duties on Malt, and to amend the 4 Laws relating to Brewers in IrelandBe it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same.

That from and after the Commencement of this Act, so much of 0.3, 0.57-an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's §5.

Reign, intituled An Act for improving the Quality of Beer in Ireland by further preventing the Use of unmalted Com, or of any deleterious or unvrbolefome Ingredients therein; and for the better securing the ColleSion of the Malt Duties in Ireland; as prohibits the Removal or Conveyance of any Malt into the Mill, Brewery or Mash Kieve of any Brewer or other Person therein mentioned, without Permit, or as relates to any such Permit, or Request Note or Requisition for any such Permit as therein mentioned, shall be and the same is hereby repealed, save and except so far as may concern or relate to repealed, the prosecuting, firing for, recovering or levying any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture which mall or may have been or shall be incurred under the said Act before the Commencement of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Com- No Malt re-mencement of this Act no Malt shall at any time be removed or moved into »ny conveyed into the Mill, Brewery, or Mash Tun or Kieve of any [^7aPer-licenfed Brewer, without a Permit for the same; and that the Brewer mit< or Person applying for such Permit shall, in his, her or their Request Requeft Note to Note or Requisition for obtaining the same, state the Day and Hour contain certain of the Day in which such Brewer or Person intends to begin to ma(h Particular*-or brew the Malt so to be removed, and the Day and Hour of the Day when the Liquor or Worts will be entirely drained off; and the Officer granting any such Permit shall insert such Particulars therein; and in case any Quantity of Malt ground or unground. If Malt found whether m any Process of brewing or not, shall be found in the without such Mill, Brewery, Ma(h Tun or Kieve of such Brewer, and a Permit for so removing the same into such Mill, Brewery, Mash Tun or Cess of brewing, Kieve, shall not on Demand of any Officer of Excite be produced, &c. contrary*or Proof made to such Officer that such Permit had been granted thereto, fcc. for such Malt, and that such Permit was afterwards loft or mistaid; or if any such Malt shall be found in Process of brewing or mafhing or wetting before the time specified in the Request Note or Requi-fition for such Permit, or in the Permit which shall be granted for the Removal of such Malt; or if the Liquor or Worts shall not be entirely drained off at the time for that Purpose specified in such Request Note or Requisition and Permit then in each and every such case such Brewer shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and every Penalty 50!. such Permit shall from time to time be delivered by such Brewer, to be

or his or her Servant, to the Surveyor or other Officer of Excise in to

Charge of the Brewery of such Brewer within Twelve Hours after cer* the Expiration of the time for which such Permit shall be in force,

Y 2 or

S24

C. 7S.

58« GEO, III.

A.D. 1818.

Penalty aol. Specimen Papers are to be put up by Brewer in proper Places;

Penalty 50I. Before Delivery of Request Note Brewer to enter certain Particulars on Specimen Paper;

Penalty 50I. ir Malt found in Ma(h Tun, &c. exceeding Quantity ex-prefTed in Permit, Excels forfeited, and

Penalty aot. Malt Grains not to be removed out of Math Tun, &c. in any Town till One ' Hour, or Two Hours in any other Piece, after lime (perilled as herein mentioned.

or at any time within such Twelve Hours, on Demand thereof made by such Officer; and if such Permit shall not be delivered to such Officer accordingly, such Brewer shall forfeit for every Neglect the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted, That Papers called Specimen Papers shall be provided and furntfhed to every fuel* Brewer by any Officer of Excise in Charge of such Brewery from time to time at shall be requisite, in order that every Officer of Excise may enter thereon his Visit at such Brewery, and the Gauges depending os such Visit; and every such Brewer who shall from time to time be furnished with any such Specimen Paper shall cause the same to be fixed on a Board conveniently made for that Purpose, and to be hung or put up in. some public and conspicuous Place in the Brew-houle, or that Part of the Brewery wherein the Mash Tun or Kieve shall be kept, and shall preserve and keep the same so put up in such Place and in fncli manner that any Officer of Excise vttiting such Brewery may view such Specimen Paper, and make Entries therein 5 and if any such Brewer shall not put up or keep and preserve such Specimen Paper in manner herein dirested, unavoidable Accident excepted, Proof whereof shall lie on the Brewer, every such Brewer shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Brewer shall, before the Delivery of any Request Note or Requisition for any Permit for the Removal of any such Malt as aforesaid, enter or cause to be entered in Writing in the said Specimen Paper the Date of such Request Note or Requisition, and the Number of Barrels of Malt which such Brewer intends to mash or brew, and the Day and Hour of the Day on which such Brewer intends to begin to ma(h or brew such Malt, and the Day and Hour of the Day when the Liquor or Worts will be entirely off; and if any Brewer shall not make or cause to be made such Entries, or any and every of them, in the said Specimen Paper, every such Brewer shall for every such Default or Omission forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted, That whenever there shall he found in any Ma(h Tun or Kieve of any Brewer any Quantity of dry Malt ground or bruised, which, by the Gauge thereof taken by any Officer of Excise in such Ma(h Tun or Kieve, shall exceed the Quantity expressed in the Permit which shall have been granted for the Removal of such Malt when unground into such Ma(h Tun or Kieve, above the Rate or beyond the Proportion of Six Barrels of fuck ground or bruised Malt for every Five Barrels of such unground Malt so permitted, and so in proportion for any greater or left Quantity, then and in every such case all such excess Quantity of ground or bruised Malt shall be forfeited, and may he seized by any Officer of Excise, and the Brewer in whose Mash Tun or Kieve fuca Excess shall be found shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to remove the Grains of any Malt out of the Ma(h Tun or Kieve in toy Brewery situate in any City or Town until after the Expiration of One. Hour, nor in any Brewery (ituate in any other Place in Ireland until after the Expiration of Two Hours next after the time which shall he specified, pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, in the Request Note or Requisition and Permit for such Malt, as the Hour when the Liquor or Worts shall be entirely drained off, in order that

. A.D.18I8.

58° GEO. III.

C. 78.

vS25

the Officer of Excise may examine and gauge the same in a drained State in such Mash Tun or Kieve; and all such Grams shall be suffered during the Space of such Hour or Two Hours respectively, or until such time within the said Hour or Two Hours respectively as the same shall be examined and gauged, to remain and shall be kept in such Ma(h Tun or Kieve in an undisturbed State; and if the Grains of any Quantity of Malt which shall have been ma(hed or brewed shall be removed out of the Mash Tun or Kieve before the Expiration of such One Hour or Two Hours respectively, unless the same shall be examined and gauged by the Officer, or if any Grains of any Malt, after the same (haS have been mashed or brewed, shall not be kept during the said Hour or Two Hours respectively in an undisturbed State, as hereinbefore dirested, unless the same shall be so examined «and gauged, then and in every such case every such Brewer shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That whenever there shall be >fouud in the Ma(h Tun or Kieve of any Brewer the Grains of any Quantity of Malt after the same shall have been maffied or brewed, and the Worts or Liquor drained off, and that the Quantity of such Grains shall, by the Gauge thereof taken by any Officer of Excise in such drained State, exceed the Quantity expressed in the Permit which shall have been granted for the Removal of such Malt into such Mash Tun or Kieve, after making a Deduction in the Proportion of One Barrel for every Twenty five Barrels of the Quantity of unground Malt expressed in the Permit, then and in every such case the said Brewer shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall not be lawful for any Officer of Excise to grant any Permit for the Removal of any Malt, unless such Permit shall oxprefs the Quantity of Malt as unground, and not in a ground or bruised State.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Malt ground or bruised, whether in a dry State or maftiing or mashed, or if the Grains of any ground Malt after being mashed shall be trodden, prefTed or otherwise forced together in the Mash Tun or Kieve of any Brewer, or if any other Means or Contrivance shall be used so as to prevent a true and proper Gange being taken thereof, then and in every such case every such Brewer shall for each and every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted. That every Person who shall be licensed as a Brewer in Ireland at the time of the Commencement of this Act, shall and is hereby required, within One Calendar Month next after the Commencement of this Act, to deliver or cause to be delivered, at the Excise Office of the District in which the Brewery of such Brewer shall be situate, an Account in Writing under his or her Hand, or under the Hand of some Person for whom such Brewer shall be responsible, setting forth the true Length, Breadth, Depth and Area of each and every Mash Tun or Rieve of such Brewer, and the Number of Barrels of dry Malt ground which each filch Mash Tun or Kieve is capable of maftiing or brewing; and in default of delivering such Account, or causing such Account to be delivered within the time aforesaid, or if any false or untrue Account of any of the Particulars aforesaid shall be delivered, every such Brewer shall in every such case forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds;

Y*and

If removed before time mentioned, to be pre-vioufly examined by Officer;

Penalty iool.

Grains found in Mash Tun, &c. exceeding Quantity ex-prefTed in Permit, after De-dtillion herein mentioned,

Penalty ad. Permit to tx-prefr Quantity of Malt as an-greurid.

Pressing Malt together, or preventing proper Guage,

Penalty aoL Brewers to deliver at Excise Office an Account of Dimen-flont of Mash Tuns, &c. Penalty.

326

38° GEO. III.

A.D.1819.

Before obtaining .Licence, Brewer in making Entry to set forth Di-menfioni of MaQ>Tuns, &c.

Penalty 50L

49 O.3. c. jy.*i»-

S3 G.g.e. 74. $ xo.

and 54 G. 3. c. 120* § i*

repealed.

C. 78*

and every Math Tun or Kieve of which such Account shall aot be so delivered, or of which aoy false or untrue Account shall be delivered, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise.

XI. And be it further enacted, That before any Licence shall be granted to any Brewer at any time after the Commencement of this Act, every such Brewer shall, in the Entry or Registry which such Brewer is by Law required to make previous to obtaining a Licence, in addition to the Matters by Law directed to be inserted therein, set forth the true Length, Breadth, Depth and Area of each and every Ma(h Tun or Kieve belonging to such Brewer, and the Number of Barrels of dry Malt ground which each such Kieve is capable of ma(hing or brewing; and in default of setting forth such Particulars, or any and every of them in such Entry or Registry, such Licence shall not be granted to such Person; and if any of such Particulars shall be falsely or untruly stated or set forth in any such Entry or Registry, the Brewer by or on whose behalf the same shall have been made mall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds for every such Offence; and every Mash Kieve, in the Entry or Registry whereof any of the Particulars aforesaid shall be falsely or untruly dated or set forth, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise.

XII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Year aforesaid as relates to any Brewer or other Person making or profefiing to make Ale, Beer, Porter or Small Beer, having in his or her Brewery, or in any Part of the Premises connected therewith, any raw or unmalted Corn ground or bruised, and also so much of an Act made in the Fifty third Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better ColleBion of the Duty on Malt made in Ireland, as declares it unlawful for any Brewer to have in his or her Brewery, or in any Part of the Premises connected therewith, any raw or unmalted Corn or Grain ground or bruised, mixed or unmixed with any malted Corn or Grain; and also so much of an Act made in the Fifty fourth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to amend fevtral Acts relating to the Revenues, matters and things under the ManageuusU 0/ the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties% and of the Commif-f oners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, as declares it uolawnil for any Brewer to have in his or her Brewery, or any Part of the Premises connected with his or her Brewery, any raw or unmalted Kiln dried Barley or Bere, mixed or unmixed with any other Corn or Grain malted or unmalted; and also so much of the said fevtral Acts or any of them as imposes any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture touching any of the Matters aforesaid, or as relates to the annulling of any Licence to any Brewer or other Person aforesaid, shall horn and after the Commencement of this Act cease and determine, and shall be, and the same is and are hereby repealed, save and except so far as may concern the prosecuting, suing for, levying or colie&iag any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture which shall or may be incurred under the said Acts or any of them on or before the Commencement of this Act; all which Suits, Matters and other Proceedings shall and may be proceeded in and had to all Intents and Purposes as if the said hereinbefore recited Provisions had not been repealed in manner aforesaid.

XIII. And

AfT>. 1818. 58° GEO. III. C. 78. 327

XIII. And for the better preventing the Use of raw or unmalte^ Raw or unmak-Corn by Brewers in Irelani9 be it further enacted, That it (hail not ed Com or

be lawful for any Brewer to have in his or her Brewery, or in any Grain, to Part of the Premises connected with such Brewery, any raw or JjjPjm unmalted Corn or Grain whatsoever, either whole or unground or fe"^e^c#°toi ground or bruised; and that all raw or unmalted Coni or Grain, getlier with whether whole or unground or ground or bruised, which shall be Package, found in such Brewery or Premites, and all malted Corn or Grain, Horfci, &c. whether whole or unground or ground or bruised, with which such raw unmalted Corn or Grain may have been mixed, shall be forfeited* and may be Seized by any Officer of Excise, together with all Sacks*

Veffela or Packages in which such raw or unmalted Corn or Grain shall or may be contained, or in which such raw or unmalted Corn or Grain, and the malted Corn or Grain with which such raw or unmalted Corn or Grain may or shall have been mixed, shall or may be contained; and all Hordes or other Beads of Burthen, Carts,

X)rays and other Carriages, which shall be found conveying, drawing, bearing or carrying any such Corn or Grain respectively, shall be forfeited, and may be Seized by any Officer or Officers of Excide; and every such Brewer shall for the First Offence forfeit the Sum of Full Offence Two hundred Pounds, and for the Second and every subsequent 100I. iubfequcnt Offence the Sum of Five hundred Pounds. Offence jool.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited 49 G.3. c.37. Act of the Forty ninth Year of His prefect Majesty's Reign as §13* prohibits any Brewer or other Person in Ireland from uling any

Sugar Water, Didillers* Spent Wa(h, Sugar, Molasses, Vitriol,

Quaffia, Coculus Indicus, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Opium or any Ingredient whatsoever which shall possess any deleterious or unwholesome Quality, in the making or brewing any Beer, Porter,

Ale or Small Beer; and also as imposes any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture touching or concerning any of the Matters aforesaid; and also so much of the said Act as provides that nothing therein contained shall be construed to prevent any Porter Brewer from using any Article known by the Name of Colouring, made or prepared from burnt Sugar only, and reduced to a bitter Liquid by the Infusion of Water; and also so much of the said Alt as imposes any Penalty or Forfeiture on any Brewer uling in the brewing of any Beer, Porter, Ale or Small Beer, any Extract from Sugar not of the aforesaid Description, or any Colouring poffcffing any deleterious or unwholesome Quality, shall from and after the Commencement of this A d be and the same is hereby repealed, save and except repealed, so far as may concern the prosecuting, futng for, levying or recovering any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture which shall or may be incurred under the Said Ad on or before Commencement of this Act; all which Suits, Matters and other Proceedings shall and may be proceeded on and had, to all Intents and Purposes as if the said hereinbefore recited Provisions had not^been repealed in manner aforesaid. '

XV. And for the further preventing of the Use of raw or un- No Licence malted Corn, and of any deleterious or unwholesome Ingredients by granted to Brewers in Ireland, be it enacted. That from and after the Com- Brewer, unlefa mencement of this Act no Licence shall be granted to any Person or

Persons in Ireland to brew Strong Beer, Porter or Ale, or Small^n<^ to uJ-e10 ' Beer for Sale, unless such Person or Persons shall have first entered my raw or un-into a Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in the Sum malted Corn in

Y 4 of nuking Wort*,

C.78.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818

or receive or u (e any Preparation except Brown Malt*

No such Licence granted, unless the Party take and subscribe the following Affidavit.

Form of Affidavit.

of Two hundred Pounds, with Two fufficfent Sureties in the Sum of One hundred Pounds each, to be approved of by the Person empowered by Law to grant such Licence, conditioned that such Brewer or Brewers shall not use any raw or unmalted Corn in the brewing or making of any Worts, Beer, Ale or Porter, nor shall receive or take into or have in his, her or their Custody, Power or Possession, nor make or use or mix with or put into any Worts, Beer, Ale or Porter, nor shall receive or take into or have in his, her or their Custody, Power or PofTeilion, nor make or use or mix with or put into any Worts, Beer, Ale or Porter for the Purpose of darken*, ing the Colour of such Worts, Beer, Ale or Porter, any Liquor, Ei-tract, Calx, or other Material or Preparation, other than Brown Malt ground or unground, as commonly used in brewing, nor shall receive or take into or have in his, her or their Custody, Power or Possession, or use or mix with or put into any Worts, Beer, Ale or Porter, any Sugar Water, DMillers* Spent Wasti, Sugar, Mobiles, Honey, Liquonce, Vitriol, Quaflia, Coculus India, Grains of Para* dise, Guinea Pepper, Opium, Gentian, Callamus or Liquorice Root, or any Extract or Preparation of Sugar Water, Distillers* Spent Wash, Sugar, MoIafTes, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quaflia, Coculus Indiae, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Opium, Gentian, Callamus or Liquorice Root, or any Article or Preparation whatsoever, for or as a Substitute for Malt or Hops, or any Ingredient whatsoever which shall possess any deleterious or unwholetome Quality \ and further conditioned that such Person or Persons shall not let out to Hire or lend any Brewhouse, Brewing Pan or Utensil for brewing or making any Worts, Beer, Ale or Porter, or suffer any Person to use the Brewhouse of such Person or Persons, or any Brewing Part or Utensil for brewing therein.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act no Licence shall be granted to any Person or Persons in Ireland to brew Strong Beer, Porter or Ale, or Small Beer for Sale, unless and until the Person or Persons to whom or ia whose behalf such Licence shall be required, or some one of them, being the acting Partner or Perfoft concerned in the Brewery for which such Licence shall be required, shall sign and make ait Affidavit, or (being a Quaker or Quakers) a solemn Affirmation before the Collector of Excise or other Officer in Charge of the Col-leftion of the Djftrift in which such Brewery shall be fitnate, or before such other Officer or Person as the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Three of them, shall appoint to administer the same; and every such Collector, Officer or other Person respect* ively, is hereby authorized and required to administer such Affidavit or Affirmation in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say, )

4 T if. B. on whose behalf and for whose Use [together with C. D.

4 et cetera, if there be Two or more Partners] a Licence is re-

* quired to blew Strong Beer, Porter or Ale, or Small Beer for Sale

4 [at the case may At], at in the County

* of [or City or Town, at the case may he] ot

* do hereby fokmnly fwear [or affirm],

4 That I will not directly or indirectly cause or permit or suffer, or 4 be party or privy to the causing, permitting ox suffering, any i*w

4 Cora

A.D.181&

58° GEO. III

C.78,

329

Com whatever, or any malted Corn which had not been duly 4 charged with the Duty on Malt, or any Sugar Water, Diftillera'

4 Spent Wa(h, Sugar, Molasses, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quaflia,

4 Coculus India*, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Opium,

Gentian, Callamus or Liquorice Root, or any Extra# or Prepa-4 ration of Sugar Water, Distillers* Spent Walk, Sugar, Molasses,

Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quaflia, Coculus Iodise, Grains of Pa-4 radise, Guinea Pepper, Opium, Gentian, Callamus or Liquorice 4 Root, or any Article or Preparation whatever, for or as a Subflitute 4 for Malt or Hops, or any Ingredient whatever which shall pofiefs 4 any deleterious or unwholesome Ingredient, to be used in the brew-4 ing or making of any Worts, Beer, Ale or Porter, or in the making 4 or preparing any Liquor to imitate or to resemble, or to be mixed 4 with, or be used, fold or disposed of or delivered as or for Beer,

4 Ale or Porter; and that I will not fell, dispose of, fend or deliver,

4 or cause to be sold, disposed of, sent or delivered to any Person 4 or Person a whatsoever, as or for Beer, Ale or Porter, any Liquor 4 made or prepared from any raw Corn, or from any malted Com 4 which had not been duly charged with the Duty on Malt, or in the 4 making whereof any such raw Corn or any malted Cora which had 4 not been charged with the Duty on Malt, or any Sugar Water,

4 DiftiUers* Spent Wa(h, Sugar, Molasses, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol,

4 Quaflia, Coculus Indiae, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Opium,

4 Gentian, Callamus or Liquorice Root, or any other Ingredient what-4 soever which shall possess any deleterious or unwholesome Quality,

4 shall have *been any way used; and that I will not cause, or permit 4 or Suffer, or be party or privy to the cauflng, permitting or fuffer-4 irig, any raw or unmalted Cora ground or bruised, or any Sugar 4 Water, Distillers* Spent Wa(h, Sugar, Molasses, Honey, Liquorice,

4 Vitriol, Quaflia, Coculus Indise, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pep-4 per. Opium, Gentian, Callamus, or Liquorice Root, to be brought 4 into or kept in the said Brewery or Premises connected therewith;

4 and I do hereby also Solemnly Swear [or affirm] that no other Per-4 son or Persons is or are concerned or engaged in the said Brewery 4 with me [except the said C. D, et cetera] \ae the case may be-].

[So help me GOD.*

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Bond, Affidavit Bond and AC-or Affirmation respectively hereinbefore required and set forth, shall lidavit to be in be in lieu and instead of any Bond, Affidavit, Oath or Affimation , leu required by any former Act or Acts in force in Ireland, to be entered

into or made by any Brewer in Ireland; and if any Licence to brew jn w(Jat for Sale any Strong Beer, Porter, Ale or Small Beer, shall be granted Licences void, to any Person or Persons by or on whose behalf such Affidavit, Oath or Affirmation shall not have been made, or if any Person or Persons, other than such as shall be Specified in such Affidavit, Oath or Affirmation, shall be concerned or engaged as a Partner or Partners in the Brewery for which such Licence shall be granted, such Licence (boll be forfeited, and shall be and become null and void.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Brewer or Brewers Brewers using of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Retailer or Retailers of Beer, Ale of or receiving importer in Ireland, shall at any time after the Commencement of this prop' Mix-

Act receive or take into, or have in his, her or their Custody, Power *ure*'" her#m or Possession, or make or use or mix with or put into any Worts, ** *

Beer, Ale or Porter, any Liquor, Extra#, Cab, or other Material

or

880

58 GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Penalty look

DruggW, *** vending to or on account of

Brewers* Arc.

such Matures as herein de-scribed;

C.J8,

or Preparation, for the Purpose ofdarkening the Colour of Worts, Beer, Ale or Porter, other than Brown Malt, groujid or unground, as commonly used in Brewing; or shall receive or take into or have in his, her or their Custody, Power or Pofsession, or use or mix with or put into any Worts, Beer, Ale or Porter, any Sugar Water, Diftiliers' Spent Wa(h, Sugar, Molasses, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Qnaifia, Coculus Indise, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Opium, Gentian, Callamus or Liquorice Root, or any Extras or Preparation of Sugar Water, Diftiliers' Spent Wafb, Sugar, Mobiles, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quailia, Coculus Indise, Grains of Pa-radise, Guinea Pepper, Opium, Gentian, Callamus or Liquorice Root; or shall receive or take into or have in his, her or their Custody, Power or Pofsession, or use or mix with or put into any Worts, Beer, Ale or Porter, any Article or Preparation whatsoever for or as a Substitute for Malt or Hops, or any Ingredient whatsoever which shall possess any deleterious or unwholesome Quality; all such Liquor, Extract, Calx, Sugar Water, Diftiliers' Spent Wash, Sugar, Molasses, Honey, Vitriol, Quailia, Coculus Indise* Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Opium, Gentian, Callamus, Liquorice Root, Article, Preparation and Ingredient as aforesaid, and also the said Worts, Beer, Ale and Porter respectively, together with every Caik or VeiTel or other Package containing the same, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise; and such Brewer or Brewers, Dealer or Dealers in, or Retailer or Retailers of Beer, Ale or Porter, so offending as aforesaid, shall for each and every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Founds.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Druggist or Chy-mist, or Vender or Dealer in Drugs, or other Person or Ferfons whatsoever in Ireland, shall at any time after the Commencement of this Act fell or fend or deliver, or cause or procure, permit or fuller to be sold or sent or delivered, to any Brewer or Brewers of Beer, Ale or Porter for Sale, or to any Dealer or Dealers in, or Retailer or Retailers of Beer, Ale or Porter, knowing him, her or them to be such Brewer or Brewers, Dealer or Dealers, or Retailer or Retailers, or to be reputed so to be; or shall fell or fend or deliver, or cause or procure to be sold or sent or delivered to any other Perfou or Persons, for or on account of, or in Trust for, or for the Use of any such Brewer or Brewers, or Dealer or Dealers, or Retailer or Retailers of Beer* Ale or Porter, any Liquor called or known by the Name or Defcrip* tion of or fold as Colouring, from whatever Material or Materials the same may have been made, or auy other Material or Preparation other than unground Brown Malt, for the Purpose of darkening the Colour of Worts, Beer, Ale or Porter, or any Sugar Water, Diftiliers* Spent Wash, Sugar, Molafies, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quafiia, Coculus Indise, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Opium, Gentian, Callamus or. Liquorice Root, or any Extra& or Preparation of Sugar Water, Diftiliers' Spent Wash, Sugar, Molafies, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quaflhi Coculus Indise* Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Opium, Gentian, Callamus or Liquorice Root, or any Article or Preparation to be used in Worts, Beer, Ale or Porter, tor or as a Substitute for Malt or Hpps respectively, or any Ingredient whatsoever which shall possess any deleterious or unwholesome Quality; all such Liquor called pr known by the Name or Description of or fold as Colouring*

7 and

58° GEO- III.

C-78.

331

and every Material or Preparation for the Purpose aforesaid, and every Liquor and Preparation to be used for or in the darkening the Colour of Worts, Beer, Ale or Porter, other than unground Brown Malt, and any Sugar Water, Diftillera' Spent Wafb, Sugar, Mo-lafies, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quaffia, Coculus Indiz, Grains of Paradise, Guinea Pepper, Opium, Gentian, Callamus, Liquorice Root, and any Extract or Preparation of Sugar Water, Distillers' Spent Wa(h, Sugar, Molsties, Honey, Liquorice, Vitriol, Quaffia, Coculus Indiz, Grains of Paradise, Guinea repper, Opium, Gentian, Callamus and Liquorice Root, and any Article dr Preparation to be used for or as a Substitute for Malt or Hops, shall be forfeited, and the same respectively shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise; and the Druggist or Druggists, Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealers in Drugs, or Chymist or Chymists, or other Person or Persons whatever so offending, shall for each and every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Officer of Excise or his Assistants shall be hindered, obstructed or prevented by any-Brewer, or by any Servant or Person acting in the Employment of such Brewer, from guaging and taking an Account of any Mash Tun or Kieve, or of any Malt or any Grains of any Malt, or from examining any Beer, Ale or Porter in the Brewery or Premises of such Brewer, or from performing any Part of the Duty of such Officer, in the Execution of this Act, or of any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland respecting Brewers, every such Brewer for every such Offence shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That to every Store, Loft or other Place belonging to any Brewery, which Store, Loft or Place shall be used for keeping Malt, there shall be kept Stairs or Steps sufficient to enable any Officer of Excise who shall enter such Brewery at all times to have convenient and easy Access to the several Lofts, Stores, Floors or other Places belonging to such Brewery, and to every Mafli Tun or Kieve belonging to such Brewery 5 and every such Officer shall on Demand at such Brewery be furaifhed with Lights sufficient to enable him to view, gauge and take an Account of every Ma(h Tun or Kieve, and of all Malt and Grains iu such Brewery, and to view and examine'all Beer, Ale or Porter in such Brewery, and in every Floor, Loft, Store or other Place therein; and for every Neglect or Default in either of the said cases such Brewer shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Brewer shall refuse or neglect to furnish any Officer of Excise, on Demand made by such Officer, with a sufficient Number of Persons provided with Shovels or other sufficient Instruments for levelling all Malt to be gauged by such Officer, or shall neglect or refuse to cause such Persons to level the same, or to leave sufficient Head Room or Space between the Ceiling or Roof of any Store or Room and the Surface of the Malt therein, so as to enable such Officer to take a correct Gauge thereof with Convenience, every such Brewer shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Clauses, Pro* visions. Rules and Regulations contained iu any Act or Acts relating to Brewers in force m Ireland at or immediately before the Com* mencemeut of this Act, and not expressly altered or repealed by this

Ad,

Penalty 500I.

ObftruAing

Officers;

Stores, Scc. for keeping Mak to have Stairs, and Officer to be furniftied with Lights to take an Account of Maih Tun, Sc.

Penalty sol.

Brewer to fuxv niih Officer with Persons and 1m-

Penalty sot Former Acts extended to this Act.

58o GEO. III.

A.D.181S.

Corn making into Malt, and not having been put on the Kiln within 18 Day*, charged with Duty.

Penalty %cL

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

frith Act,

M* *5 *

46O.3. c.106.

Commencement of Act.

54 G.3. c.8a. t *5*

C. 7S, 70.

Ad, shall be applied and put in Practice in the Execution of th» 1 Alt as fully and efledually to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Clauses, Provisions, Rules and Regulations were repeated and re-enacted in this Act; and the said Acts and this Act shall be conftnifd together as one Ad, so far as the same are confident and compatible with each other.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in every case where it shall appear by the Stock Account kept by any Officer of Exdie in Charge of the Malthouse of any Maltster or Maker of Malt n Ireland, that any Corn or Gram making into Malt (hail not haw been put on the Kiln within Eighteen Days from the Day mentioned in the Notice for the Wetting thereof, and entered in fach Stock Account as the Day of the Wetting thereof, such Corn or Graia shall be considered as Malt5 and the Maltster or Maker of Malt is whose Malthouse such Corn or Grain shall be found, shall be charged with Duty for the same after the Rate of One Bu(hel of Malt (or every Bushel of such Com or Grain, and such Maltster or Maker of Malt shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and [ Forfeitures under this Act shall be paid and payable in British Currency, and shall be sued for, recovered and applied in the same manner, and under such Powers and Authorities, and by such Ways and Methods, and according to such Rules and Directions, as are appointed,

direded and expressed for the Recovery of any Penalties or Forfeitures in and by an Act made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An A3 for the settling the Exeife or new Iwpofi upon His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein in* ferted; or in and by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of Hii present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues matters ami things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commi/foners of Inland Exeife and Taxes in Ireland; or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland* relating to the Revenues of Customs and Exeife, or either of them, aa folly and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same were herein expressed and enacted, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved as in and by the said recited Act made in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, or any other Act or Acts as aforesaid, is provided.

XXVI. And be it further enacted. That this Act shall commence and take Effect from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His

present Majesty's Reign, for granting Duties on Auctions

in Ireland. [jth June 1818.]

% TT7 HEREAS in and by an Act made in the Fifty fourth Year

VV of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to grant

* to His Majesty Duties upon Auctions in Ireland, in lieu of former 4 Duties thereon> and to provide for the regulating and feeurmg the

* Collection

A.D.1818.

$8* GEO. IIL

C. 79*

333

* ColhSion of tbs fold Duties, and to prevent Frauds therein; cer*

* tain Catalogues, Declarations, Accounts, Notices and Returns are 4 required to be delivered by Auctioneers at the Office of the Exa-

* minator of Auction Duties in Dublin, and certain Oaths are re*

* quired to be made before such Examinator, and such Examinator is

* authorized to administer such Oaths, and such Examinator is re-4 quired to rectify Errors in the Amount of Duty chargeable on Auc-4 tioneers, and to make certain Allowances to the Owners of Estates 4 or Effects put up to Sale by Auction, and certain other matters 4 and things are required to be done by or at the Office of such Ex-4 aminator; and it is expedient that so much of the said recited Act 4 as relates to the said Examinator, or to the Duties of his Office,

4 should be repealed Be it therefore enacted by. The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and .Commons, in this present Parliament af-sembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the repealed, and Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, all , we"

Clauses, Powers, Provisoes, Rules, Regulations and Directions con- th^CcU<*e« tained in the said recited Act, so far as the same relate to the Examin- ton of ExciCe. ator of the Auction Duty or Duties, and all matters and things required by the said Act to be done by such Examinator, or by any Audioneer or other Person with reference to such Examinator, or at

the Office of such Examinator, shall be and the same are hereby repealed; and that from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, all Acts, matters and things by the said Act authorized or required to be done by the said Examinator, or at the Office of the said Examinator in Dublin, shall be done by the several Collectors of Excise for the County of Dublin, and for the City of Dublin, within their several Jurifdidions, as the case may require, or at the Office of such Collectors, except where any other special Provision is made by this Act.

II. And be it further enacted. That every Audioneer within any Regulations for Part of the District of the Metropolis of DubUn, or within Six Miles of the Castle of Dublin, shall and he is hereby required to deliver all catS^i«id and every Catalogue, Account and other Document of each and every Accounts of Sale, intended to be held or which shall be held by him within any Sales to the Col-Part of the District of the Metropolis of Dublin, or in any Place lector of Excise within Six Miles of the CafUe of Dublin, to the Collector of Excise for the City of Dublin, who shall be deemed and taken to all Intents uty' and Purposes, with respect to such Sales, to be the Collector of the District within which such Sale shall be had or intended to be had, within the Meaning of the said recited Act and this Act, andeveiy such Audioneer (nail to such Col-

ledor; and every Au # ie Diftrid of

Dublin, not being within the District of the Metropolis of Dublin, or within Six Miles of the Castle of DubUn, shall and he is hereby re* quired to deliver all and every Catalogue, Account and other Document of each and every Sale intended to be held or which shall be held by him in any Place within the District of the Excise Office of Dublin, not being within the District of the Metropolis of DubUn, or within Six Miles of the Castle of DubUn, to the Collector of Excise for the County of DubUn, who shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes, with respect to such Sales, to be the Collector of the District within which such Sale shall be had or be intended to be had.

within

C.7&

58° GEO. III.

A.D.181&

Allowance to Owners buying their own Estate*, dec.

Enron in Charge of Duty to be made known to Commissionera.

AuAioneen to be charged with any Deficiency of Duty when discovered.

Mot paying the same on Notice, Penalty.

Proviso.

Two Days* Notice of Sale to bo delivered to Surveyor, &c. by Au&tomer, Penalty ooL

within the Meaning of the said recited Act and this A ft, and every such Auftioneer shall pay the Duty on every such Sale to such Collector.

III. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where the real Owner of any Estate, Goods, Chattels or Effects put up to Sale by way of Auction in Ireland shall be the real Purchaser by means of hi own Bidding or the Bidding of any Person on his behalf or for his Ufc at fnch Sale, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, on Proof thereof being made to the Satisfaction of them or any Three of them, to order an Allowance to be made to the Owner of such Estate, Goods, Chattels or Effects of the Duties arising under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland upon such Bidding or Sale.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Error shall be discovered in any Charge of Duty against any Auftioneer by charging such Auftioneer with a greater Amount of Duty than ought to have been charged against such Auftioneer it shall and may be lawful, fov him to make his Complaint within Six Calendar Months next after the Error shall have been discovered to the Commissionere of Inland Excise and Taxes in Irelandf who are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine such Complaint, and upon Proof thereof to relieve the Party so complaining from so much of the Duty as shall appear to have been overcharged; and if such Duty shall have been paid, it shall and may be law ml for the said Commissioners to repay the same; and in case it shall be discovered that any Error has been committed by charging any Auftioneer with a less Amount of Duty than ought to have been cnarged, it shall and may be lawful for the Officer who shall have discovered such Error, * and he is hereby required, to rectify the same as speedily as may be convenient, and to report the same to the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, who are hereby required to give Notice to such Auftioneer of the Amount of the Deficiency of the Duty in consequence of such Error; and if such Auftioneer shall not within One Calendar Month after such Notice (hew sufficient Cause to such Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes why he should not be charged with and pay such Deficiency, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to order a Return to be made by such Officer or by any other Officer to the Office of the Collector of Excise of the District in which the erroneous Charge was returned, and the Duty specified in the Return of such Officer shall be a Surcharge on such Auftioneer; and if such Auftioneer shall not on Demand, or within Ten Days next after, pay the full Amount of such Duties so surcharged, such Auftioneer shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double the Amount of the Duty which shall be so surcharged; provided that no such Return shall be a Surcharge on any Auftioneer, unless it shall have been made, and the Amount demanded, within Six Calendar Months after the Discovery of the Error.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall exercise the Trade or Business of an Auftioneer in Ireland (haQ, Two Days at the least before the Commencement of any Sale by way of Auction, deliver or cause to be delivered to the Surveyor or Gauger of the* Walk in which such Sale is intended to be held, a written or

Erinted Notice, signed by such Auftioneer or by his known Clerk i his behalf* setting forth the particular Place where such Sale is intended

58° GEO. III.

885

C. 79.

tended to be held, and the Day and Hour when the same is to begin; and if any Auctioneer shall fell or put up to Sale by way of Auction any Estate, Goods, Chattels or Effe&s, without hating delivered or caused to have been delivered such Notice as aforesaid, every such Auctioneer shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Auctioneer who shall Auffioriser felU fell by AuCtion any Goods distrained for Non Payment of Rent, "!£ 9°°4> shall at such AuCtion fell any Goods which were not so distrained for Oo^uken in Rem, or shall fell more of the Goods so distrained than shall be necef- Diftrda, &c. fary to be sold to discharge the Arrear of Rent for which the Distress

had been made, together with the Costs and Expences attending

the Distress and Sale, such Auctioneer shall forfeit for every such Penalty *oL

Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Commiflmnws

for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Aoc*'

Three of them, in their Discretion to revoke any Licence to any tioncertcom-Person to fell by AuCtion, in case such Person so licensed shall have mitting certain committed any Fraud or Offence against the said recited A d or this Offence*.

Ad which shall subject such Person to a Penalty of Twenty Pounds £"c'

or upwards; and it shall and may also be lawful for the said Com- cencerevoked missioners or any Three of them to prohibit the issuing or granting penalty 50U a Licence to fell by AuCtion to any Person who shall have been so convicted 5 and if any Person whole Licence shall have been so revoked, on whom a Notice shall have been served of such Licence being revoked, signed by such Commissioners or any Three of them, (haU vend, fell or put up to Sale any Estate, Goods, Chattels or EffeCts by way of AuCtion, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any Duties Colleaor, &c. payable by any Auctioneer on any Sale or Sales by AuCtion shall be

unpaid at or after the time when such Duties are by Law due and 9^r°for

payable, it shall may be lawful for the Collector of Excise or other ment of Duty.

Officer in charge ot the Collection of the DiftiriCk in which such

Duties shall be charged and payable, by Warrant under his Hand

Seal to empower any Person or Persons to take and distrain all or any

Goods or Chattels of any such Auctioneer, and to cause the same to

be sold by public AuCtion, giving Six Days9 previous Notice thereof,

unless the same shall be redeemed before the Sale thereof, by Payment

of, the full Amount of the Duties so due, and the Expences incurred

by such Distress; and if after the Payment of all such Duties* and

Arrears of Duties, together with the Coils and Expences of such

distraining, taking and Sale, there shall be any Surplus of the

Produce arising from the Sale of such Distress, such Surplus shall *

be forthwith tendered and paid to such Auctioneer or his Re-

presentatives.

fX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Claufee, Power* of Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures and Modes of former ASm lor Recovery, provided, mentioned and contained in the said recited during the Ad of the Fifty fourth Year aforesaid, or in any other Ad or ACks ^uewied In force in Ireland for securing the Collection of the Duties on Auc- l0^a a. tions, shall be applied and put in pradtee in the Execution of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if all the Clauses, Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Penalties and

Forfeitures

C. 79, 80.

58o GEO. III,

A.D.181&

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

Irilh Alt,

14 Sc 15 C.t.

46 G. 3. c. 106.

510.3. c.79.

Ante 1 c. 23.

» **

Forfeitures contained in the said Acts had been exprefaly repeated and re-enacted in this Act, except so far as the same are repealed or altered by this Act; and that the said Acts and this Act shall be con* ftrued together as One Ad, to all Intents and Purposes whatfoeter, so far as the same are compatible or confident with each other, and a the said Acts are amended or altered by this Act.

X. And be it further enacted. That all and every the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act, shall be paid according to the Amount thereof in Briti/b Currency, and shall and may be lord for, recovered and applied in such manner and Form, and by focfa Ways and Means, and with such Powers and Authorities, as are prescribed, directed and appointed in and by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of His late Majesty King Cbarlet the Second, intituled An Act for settling of the Entifi or new Impojl upon Hit Majefy% Hit Heirs and Succejfors, accardm£ to the Book of Rates therein inserted; or in and by an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled A* AS to provide for the better Execution of the several Act relating to the Revenues, matters and things under the Management of the Coti-miffoners of Customs and Port Duties, and of tie CommsJJionert tj Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland; or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the said Revenues, matters and things, or either of them, as fully and effectually to all Intents, Coo-ftrudions and Purposes as if the same were particularly mentioned and expressed and re-enacted in this Act; with the like Remedy of Ap-peal to and for the Party and Parties who shall think him, her or then-felves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said Act or any of them ii provided and enacted.

CAP. LXXX.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifty seventli Year of His present Majesty, for permitting the Transfer of Capital from certain Public Stocks or Funds in Great Britain to certain Public Stocks or Funds in Ireland. [5th June 1818.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An 15 to permit the Transfer of Capital from certain Public Stock or Funds in Great Britain to certain Public Stocks or Funds in Ire-laud: And Whereas by an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for raising the Sum of Three Million* by the Transfer of certain Three Pounds per Centum Annuities into other Annuities at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Cca* turn, and for granting Annuities to discharge certain Exchequer Bi3s> the Provisions of the said firil recited Act are extended, and Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum Annuities transferable at the Bank ot England are thereby permitted to be transferred into the Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum Annuities and Debentures transferable at the Bank of Ireloni> according to the following Scale; that is to say. That every Per-Ton and Body Politic and Corporate transferring such Annuities payable at the Bank of England shall be entitled, for every One hundred Pounds so transferred, to the Principal Sum ot One

4 hundred

A.D.1818.

58° GEO. IH.

C. 80.

337

4 hundred and eight Founds Six Shillings and Eight pence in An-4 nuities at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per- Centum 4 payable at the Bank of Ireland; and the first Dividend to be paid

* at the Bank of Ireland shall be computed from the Fifth Day of

* April or Tenth Day of 0Sober next preceding the Day on which 4 the Transfer shall be made to the Commifiioncrs for the Reduction 4 of the National Debt at the Bank of England, and shall be paid 4 on the Fifth Day of January ox Fifth Day of July next fucceeding

* the Day on which such Annuities shall be written into the Books 4 of the Bank of Ireland, in the Name or Names of the Party or 4 Parties specified in such Certificate: And Whereas it is expedient 4 to am'end the said first recited Act accordinglyBe it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

of the same. That at any time after the passing of this Act it shall Persons holding .and may be lawful for any Person or Persons holding Stock in the Stock in the Three founds per Centum per Annum Consolidated Annuities, or in Bnt'^ Funds the Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum Annuities IheVransfer1 transferable at the Bank of England, to transfer or cause to be thereof, cor-transferred such Stock or Annuities respectively for the Purpose of responding having corresponding Sums written in and consolidated with and s«*k transfer-made Part of the Capital of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum ter Annum Annuities and Debentures transferable at the r

Bank of Ireland; and that it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons holding Stock in the British Funds of Four per Centum per Annum Consolidated Annuities transferable at the Bank of England, or in the Five Pounds per Centum per Annum Annuities of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety seven trana-ferrable at the Bank of England\ or in the Iri/b Five Pounds per Centum ter Annum Annuities transferable at the Bank of England, to transfer or cause to be transferred such Stock or Annuities.respectively for the Purpose of having corresponding Sums written in and consolidated and made Part of the Capital of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum Annuities transferable at the Bank of Ireland, and that all such Transfers shall be made according to the Scale and on the Terms and Conditions contained in the said recited Acts and this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Application may for any Person or Persons having or possessing any Stock in the He made to the several before mentioned Stocks, Funds or Annuities transferable BsnkofEng-at the Bank of England*, to apply in Writing to the Governor and "-ke

Company of the Bank of England, or to cause Application to be such Transfer, made to the said Governor and Company by some Person on his, which shall be her or their behalf, and which Application shall fee according to such made to the Form as shall be established by the said Governor and Company, and Comm goners shall be the (ame in all /rafts* for Permission to transfer or cause to of the nH be transfered such Stocks, Funds or Annuities respectively, for the Purpose of having corresponding Sums written in and consolidated whereupon e with the several Stocks, Funds, Annuities or Debentures trans- Certificate shall ferrable at the Bank of Ireland set forth in the said recited Acts be granted d»-and this Act, as the case may require, according to the Provisions of°Ireland,

of the said recited Acts, except so far as the same shall be varied and altered by this present Ad; and thereupon and upon such 58 Geo. III. Z Person

338

C.80.

58V GEO. III.

A.D.181&

Form thereat

Bank of England

to give Notice of Transfer to Commissioners of National Debt.

Person or Persons transferring or causing to be transferred such Stocks, Funds or Annuities so transferable at the Bank of England, into the Names of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for the Purpose of their cancelling and discharging the same from the National Debt in Great Britain, it shall and may be lawful for the Governor or Deputy Governor of the Bank of Eui-iand, or for the Accountant General or Deputy Accountant of the said Governor and Company, or for the Secretary or Deputy Secretary of the said Governor and Company for the time being, and they are hereby respectively authorized and required, to grant a Certificate to the Person or Persons making such Transfer, or on whose behalf such Transfer shall have been made, diredtd to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and which Certificate (hail be also according to a Form which shall be established by the Cud Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and shall be the same in all cases; and such Certificate shall state that the Person or Persons therein mentioned has or have transferred or canfed to be transferred the Stock, Funds or Annuities therein described, to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for the Purpose of having corresponding Sums written in the Name of such Person or Persons, and consolidated with such Stock, Funds, Annuities or Debentures in Ireland, as the same are applicable to, describing the same, and dating the Amount in such Irish Stock, Funds, Annuities or Debentures respectively, to which such Perfoo or Persons shall be so entitled in respect of such Transfer, according to the Scale set forth in the said recited Acts and this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That in every case where any Transfer shall be made as aforesaid, the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall cause Notice thereof to be given to the Commissioners tor the Reduction of the National Debt at their Office on the same Day on which such Transfer shall be made; and the said Commissioners shall, upon the Receipt thereof, tnnfmh the said Notice to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland*

* IV. And Whereas the Dividends on the Three Pounds and Ten ' Shillings per Centum per Annum Annuities transferable at the 4 Bank of England are payable on the Fifth Day of April and the

* Tenth Day of OQobcr m each Year, and the Dividends ou the 4 Three Pounds and Ten Shillings ter Centum per Annum Annuities 4 and Debentures payable at the Dank of Ireland are by the said 4 recited Act of the Fifty Seventh Year made payable on the Fifth 4 Day of January and the Fifth Day of July in each Year: And 4 Whereas, in pursuance of the Provisions of the said recited Act of 4 this present Session of Parliament, the first Dividend to be pax) 4 at the Bank 6f Ireland upon any such Irish Three Pounds and 4 Ten. Shillings Annuities and Debentures as shall be written into 4 the Bogks of the Bank of Ireland in consequence of the Transfer 4 at the Bank of England of any Three Pounds and Ten Shillings 4 per Centum Annuities, is to be computed from the Fifth Dar of

* April or Tenth Day of , 0 Sober nex( preceding the Day on which 4 the Transfer of any fuck Annuities shall be made to the Com-4 imffioners for Reduction of the National Debt at the Bank of 4 England for such Purpose, and such first Dividend is to be paid 4 on the Fifth Day of January or Fifth Day of July next fucceed-

4 ing

339

4 iog the Day on which such Annuities shall be written into the 4 Books of the Bank of Inland $ and it will thereby happen that in

* certain cases the Amount of such first Dividend lfluable from the 4 Exchequer in Ireland, andjpayable at the Bank of Inland on such 4 Irish Annuities and Debentures, will be Three fourths of a Year's 1 Dividend; and that in certain other cases the Amount of such first

* Dividend will be only One fourth of a Year's Dividend: And

* Whereas, for facilitating the Sale of the Annuities and Deben-

* tures Co transferred, and for consolidating the same with the 4 Three Founds Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities payable at the

* Bank of Inltmd9 it is expedient that Provifiou should be made

* that the Amount of such first Dividend payable to the Persons in 4 whose Names such Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum An-4 nuitjes may be (landing, should be equal in all cases to the Half 4 Year's Dividend payable on any such Irxfb Annuities or Debentures 4 (landing in the Books of the Bank of Ireland Be it enacted. That whenever any of the said Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England shall be transferred for the Purposes aforesaid to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt at any time between the Fifth Day of January ex cl u five and the Fifth Day of April inclusive in any Year, or between the Fifth Day of July exclusive and the Tenth Day of OBoher inclusive in any Year, it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to pay or cause to be paid to every Person or Persons, his, her or their respective Executors, Administrators or Assigns, who shall have made or caused to be made any such Transfer of Three Pounds Ten Shillings Annuities for the Purposes aforesaid, the Sum of Seventeen Shillings and Sixpence (being One fourth Part of a Year's Dividend) for every One hundred Pounds of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities and Debentures which shall be written into the Books of the Bank of Ireland in pursuance of such Transfer; and such Payment of the said Sum of Seventeen Shillings and Sixpence shall be made at the time when such Annuities and Debentures shall be so written into the Books of the said Bank of Inland; and in such case it shall be lawful for the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Inland to retain to their own Use a like Sum of Seventeen Shillings and Sixpence for every such One hundred Pounds out of the Sum or Sums of Money which shall be issued out of the Exchequer of Ireland to the said Governor and Company, for the Payment of the Dividends on such Annuities or Debentures, on the first Dividend Day next succeeding such Transfer; and the said Governor and Company shall pay to such Person as shall be entitled to receive the Dividend becoming due on such Annuities and Debentures on such first Dividend Day the amount of One half Year's Dividend, and no more, in like manner, as .on all other such Annuities or Debentures (landing in the Books of the said Governor and Company; and whenever any of the said Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England shall be transferred to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for the Purposes aforesaid, at any time between the Fifth Day of April exolufive and the Fifth Day of July inclusive in any Year, or between the Tenth Day of OBoher exolufive and the

Z 2 Fifth

Regulations for Payment of the First Dividend on the 3I. los. per Cent. Annuities so transferred.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818

38 G.3.C.87.

16 G.a. c.33.

iiy

Where Infant foie Executor, Administration with Will annexed, to Guardian.

C. 80, 81.

Fifth Day of January inclusive in any Year, the Person or Perfotre, his, her or their respective Executors, Administrators or Assigns, who shall have made or caused to be made any such Transfer, shall pay to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland\ and the said Governor and Company are hereby authorized and empowered to receive, the Sum of Seventeen Shillings and Sixpence (being One fourth Part of a Year's Dividend) for every One hundred Pounds of the said Annuities and Debentures so written into the said Books of the Bank of Ireland in pursuance of such Transfer; and such Payment of the said Sum of Seventeen Shillings and Sixpence shall be made to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland at the time when such Annuities and Debentures shall be so written into the Books of the said Bank of Ireland; and the said Governor slnd Company shall and they are hereby authorized and required to pay to such Persons as shall be entitled to receive the Dividends becoming due on such Annuities or Debentures on the first Dividend Day next after such Transfer, the full Amount of One Half Year's Dividend, in like manner as on all other such Annuities or Debentures Handing in the Books of the said Governor and Company.

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act for extending to that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland certain Provisions of the Parliament of Great Britain in relation to Executors under the Age of Twenty one Years, and to Matrimonial Coutrafts. [5th June 1818.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament of Great Britain in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His 4 prerent Majesty, intituled An Act for the Administration of AJfets*in cases cohere the Executor to whom Probate has been granted is out 4 of the Realm, it is amongst other things enacted, that where an Infant is foie Executor, Administration with the Will annexed shall 4 be granted to the Guardian of such Infant, or to such other Person 4 as the Court shall think fit, until such Infant shall have attained the 4 full Age of Twenty one Years, at which Period, and not before, *Probate of the Will shall be granted to him: And Whereas by a 4 certain other Act made in the Parliament of Great Britain, in the*Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George 4 the Second, intituled An A3 for the better preventing of cTandefiiue 4 Marriages, it is amongst other things enacted, that in no case what-4 soever fnall any Suit or Proceeding be had in any Eccleliaftical 4 Court in order to compel a Celebration of any Marriage in facie 4 Ecclesia, by reason of any Contract of Matrimony whatsoever, 4 whether per verba de presenti, or per verba de futuro: And Whereas 4 it is expedient to extend the aforesaid Provisions of the said in part*recited Acts to that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; * Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice find Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled* and by the Authority of the same, That where an Infant is foie Executor, Administration with the Will annexed, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, shall be granted to the Guardian of such Infant, or to such other Person as the Spiritual Court there shall think fit, until such Infant shall have attained the full Age

341

G81, 82.

of Twenty one Years, at which Period, and not before, Probate of the Will shall be granted to him.

II. And be it further ena£ted, That the Person to whom such Administration shall be granted shall have the same Powers vetted in him as an Adminittrator now hath by reason of an Administration granted to him durante mtnore state of the next of Kin.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in no case whatsoever shall any Suit or Proceeding be had' in any Ecclesiastical Court of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, in order to compel a Celebration of any Marriage in facie Ecclefisy by reason of any Contra& of Matrimony whatloever, whether, per verba de presenti, or per verba de futuroy which shall be entered into after the End and Expiration of Ten Days next after the patting of this Act; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act to prevent Frauds in the Sa]e of Grain in Ireland.

[jth June 1818.]

* WHEREAS divers Frauds are often practised by Persons in 4 W Ireland felling or offering to Sale Wheat, Rye, Meflin, 4 Peas, Beans, Barley, Bere, Oats, Shillin, Cutlings, Meal, * Flour 4 and Malt, by spoiling or adulterating the same, or Part thereof, or 4 producing to the View of the intended Buyer a Species of such 4 Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal or Flour, of a Quality superior to the 4 Bulk of that so offered to Sale, in order by such Means to deceive c and defraud the Buyer thereof, or the Person to whom the same 4 shall be offered to Sale To prevent such injurious Practices, be it therefore enacted by The King's Mott Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content, of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the patting of this Act, if anv Person or Persons in Ireland shall fell or offer to Sale any. of the said Sorts of Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal or Flour, which shall in the whole or in part be spoiled or adulterated by wetting or mixing therewith toy Sand, Gravel, Dirt, or rotten, or damaged Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal or Flour, or grown or blighted Corn, or other kind of'-Stuff, or which shall not be io Quality of equal Goodness to that produced to the View* of the intended Buyer or Buyers thereof, or (hsdl use any other Fraud .or Deceit therein, or in order to make such Corn, Grain, Malt, Meal or Flour appear heavier than it would have been without such Mixture, Fraud or Deceit* every Person, being lawfully convicted of any of the said Frauds or Deceits by the Oath of One credible Witness before any One Justice of the Peace or Magistrate in any City or Town Corporate in Ireland where such Offence shall be committed, or before any Two Justices of the Peace in any place in Ireland* not being a City or Town Corporate, where such Offence shall be committed, shall for every such Offence forfeit all such Corn, Grain*Malt, Meal or Flour, One Half thereof to the Use of the Informer, and the other Half to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall have been committed, and alio the Sum of Forty Shillings, to be levied by Distress and

Z 3 Sale

Adminiflratar shall have the usual Powers.

X

No Proceeding to compel a Celebration of Marriage in facie Ecclefie by reason of Contra&r

Corn, &c. adulterated offered for Sale forfeited ;

542

and Peualty 40s*

39 G.3.C.89.

500.3* c. 86.

51G.3.C.75.

Sale of such Offender's Goody; One Moiety of which said Sum of Forty Shillings shall be to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof to the Use of the Poor of the Parish as aforesaid.

CAP. LXXXin.

An Act to amend and reduce into One AQ. the several Laws relating to the manner in which the East India Company % are required to hire Ships. [5th June 1818.]

t WJ HEREAS by an Act of Parliament passed in the Thirty c VV ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the manner in which the United Company 4 of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, shall hire and t take up Ships for their regular Service; and by*another Act of € Parliament, passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reigti of His said f present Majesty, intituled An A3 to amend'Two Acts passed in the Thirty ninth and Forty third Tears of the Reign of His present 4 Majesty yfor regulating the manner in which the East India Company M fl hire and take / up Ships; and by another Act of Parliament, ' passed in the Fifty (irft Year of the Reign of His said present 4 Majesty, intituled An AB for making further Provtfton for the 4 Payment 6f Salaries and other Charges in the Office of the Com-4 mwioners for the Affairs of India 5 and for enabling the East India 4 Company to ref ore to 1 he Service of tie said Company Military 4 Officers removed therefrom by Sentences of Court Martial i and to 4 authorise the said Company, in case of uhforefewn Emergency, to Jake 4 up Ships by private ContraS; various Prdvisions, regulating the 4 manner in which the said United Company shall hire and take up ' Ships for their Service, are now in force-: And Whereas it is 4 expedient that the Laws relative to the manner of hiring Ships for 4 the said United Company's Service should be amended, and reduced 4 into One Ad: And Whereas the Fluduatioft of Prices of Naval 4 Stores, and of other Articles incident to the Equipment of Ships 4 in times immediately following the Termination of War, has been

* such as to render the Calculations upon which the Contracts for

* Peace Freight have from time to time been made, greatly erroneous

* and inefficient, and the Performance of such Contracts has in con-

* fequence thereof been found so injurious to the Contra&ing Parties, 4 that the Court of Dire&ors of the said United Company of 4 Merchants of England trading to the East Indies have in Two 4 Instances, videlicet, after the Termination of War in One thousand 4 eight hundred and two, and after the Termination of War in One

* thouf&nd eight hundred and fisteen, presented Petitions to the 4 Hoiife of Commons, praying that Parliament would authorize and 4 empower the said Company to make Allowances to the Owners 4 of several Ships hired by them under the Provisions of the said 4 Acts, over and above the Prices to which the said Owners were 4 entitled by their £ontra&8; and Parliament has in the said Instances 4 complied with the Prayer of the said Petitions: And Whereas it 4 is highly inexpedient that the Revision and Alteration of Contracts 4 by Authority of Parliament, on whatever Plea or Pretext, should 4 grow into Precedents' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and With the Advice and Con fen t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

580 GEO. IIL

C. 83.

343

liament.assembled, and by the Authority of the same, .That the 390.3.^8o Whole of the foid Ada made and passed in the Thirty ninth and 5° °-3. c, 86. Fiftieth Years of the Reign of His said present Majesty, and so *** much of the said A A made and paiTed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty as relates to the hiring of Ships rspeaUd. by the said United Company, shall be and the same are hereby repealed: Provided always, that the Repeal of the said Acts shall in nowise be construed to affcd any Contract or Agreement made or entered into under or in purfuahce of any of the said Acts, but all such Contracts or Agreements shall be carried into Execution in the Dune manner as if this Act had not been made and passed.

II. And be it further enacted. That from and after the passing of Regulation* for this Act, the said United Company or their Court of Directors shall not hire or take up on Freight, for the Service of the said Company, Compsoy. any Ship or Ships other than such as shall be contracted for or hired in manner hereinafter mentioned; that is to say, that from time to time whenever the said United Company shall have occalion' to contract for the Hire of any Ship or Ships to be built for their Service, the Court of Diredors of the said United Company shall give. Notice thereof by public Advertisement, and therein state the Burthen of the Ship or Ships -wanted, the Dimensions or Scantlings of Timbers and Planks, Number of Guns, manner of building, providing, furnishing and (taring such Ships, the time to be allowed for building (which shall be as long as reasonably may be), and other Particulars necessary to enable Persons to judge of the Expence thereof, and the proper Rate of Freight for such Ships respectively, or shall refer to printed Terms and Conditions to be delivered by their proper Officer; and the said Advertisement shall fix a time, not lets than Four Weeks from the Publication thereof, for receiving Propofols in Writing, foaled up, for building and freighting the some to the said Company, such Propofols to specify the lowed Rates of Freight for each and every Voyage iu time of Peace required for such Ships, for 'such Number of Voyages, not lese than Six as the said Court of Diredors shall foe fit from time to time to fix, to and from India or China, or elfowhere, within the Limits of the Charter of the foid United Company, to be employed iu Trade and in Warfare or otherwise, as shall be thought proper by the foid Company if the foid Ships respectively shall so long be fit for the Company's Service; and that all the Tenders or Propofols Which shall be made in pursuance of such Notices, shall be put into a Box locked and foaled, which shall not' be opened except publicly iu a Court of Diredors, and the Contents of such Propofols respectively shall be entered in a Book, and the Propofols offering the lowest Peace Freight shall be accepted without Favour or Partiality, subject to the foveral Provisions in this Act contained} and in case more Ships than shall be wanted at the time of considering such Propofols shall be tendered to be built at the some low Freight, then the Court of Diredors shall determine by Lot which of the said Propofols shall be accepted, and the some shall be accepted accordingly, subject to the foversl Provisions in this Act contained.

4 III. And Whereas it may happen that Ships which may have 4 been built for the Service of the foid United Company^ and which 4 have performed or completed, or hereafter may perform or com-4 pkte, the Number of Voyages for which they have been or hen-

Z 4 4 after

344

C. 83.

58 GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Court of Directors may again engage Ships for a limited Number of Voyages after the Expiration of their Contracts.

Betides Peace Freight, Allowance in respect of Charges anting to Owners in time of War.

Tables of average current Prices of building and outfit for Ships, and of piobable Expence for federal Voyages for which any Ship shall have contracted, to be signed and hung up in the India House.

' after may be contracted to serve the said Company, may be in

* {bund and proper Condition to perform a further Voyage or further

Voyages in the Service of the said United Company; ' Be it therefore further enatted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Court of Directors of the said United Company, if they shall fee fit, in the manner and according to the Provi(ions herein contained, as to hiring Ships to be built for the Service of the said Company, to advertise for Proposals for any such Ships which have performed and completed, or hereafter shall have performed and completed the Centrals by which they were built for the said United Company, again to be tendered for the Service of the said United Company; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Directors again to hire and take up any such Ship or Ships so tendered for the Service of the said United Company, for an additional Voyage, or for such Number of additional Voyages to and from India or China or elsewhere within the Limits ot the Charter «of the said United Company, as the said Court of Directors shall fee fit, beyond and after the Performance of the Voyages for which any such Ship or Ships respectively have been or shall be engaged by any prior Contra# or Contra#s to serve the said Company; provided that all such Ships shall be fit or shall be capable of being repaired and made 'fit to serve the said Company for such additional Voyage or Voyages: Provided always, that the Peace Freight and additional Allowance to be paid for any such Ship or Ships to be taken up for any additional Voyage or Voyages shall not exceed the Rate of Peace Freight paid for such Ships respectively under the last Contracts respectively by which they have been engaged in the Service of the said United Company, together with such additional Allowance as (he might eventually be entitled to under this A#, in respect of ariy Voyage for which (he might be afloat to proceed upon in time of Peace.

IV* And be it further enacted, That over and besides the Peace Freight for Ships built or to be built and hired or to be hired for the Service of the said United Company, the Court of Directors of the said Company shall be at Liberty to make such Allowances to the Owners of the said Ships, from Voyage to Voyage, in respect of the additional Charges, if any, arising to the said Owners ia time of War or Hostilities, or of Preparations for War or Hostilities, as the said Court of Directors shall think right and just.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Court of Directors of the said United Company shall and'they are hereby required to cause to be prepared, once in every Year, by the Master Attendant or other proper Officer or Officers of the said United Company, Tables of the average current Prices for the time being of the Articles of building and dutfit for Ships to be engaged in the Service of the said United Company, and Tables of the probable total Cost and Expence of such Building and Outfit for the several Voyages for which any Ship or Ships shall have been contracted for or hired, distinguishing the probable Ex pence of each Voyage of Ships of l he different Sizes actually engaged or which may be engaged in the Service of the said Company; .which Tables, when ugned by the Master Attendant or other proper Officer or Officers of .the said United Company, and when approved and allowed by their Court of Directors, shall be fairly transcribed aid signed by the Secretary

or

58* GEO. III.

C. 83.

845

or Assistant Secretary of the said Company, by Order of the said Court of Dire&ors, and shall be left or hung up m some public Office in the East India House, for the Perusal and Infpe&ion, at seasonable timet and in a reasonable manner, of all Persons whom it may con-* cem, with Liberty for them, at such times and in such manner as aforesaid, to make and take Copies and Extra&s thereof; and the First of such Tables or Sets of Tables' shall be made and completed within Four Months next after the passing of this A ft, and afterwards such Tables or such Sets of Tables shall from time to time be made and completed between the First Day of June and the First Day of OSober in every Year.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Conclu-lion of any War or Hostilities which may hereafter Jake place, when any Ship which now is or hereafter shall be in the Service of the said United Company, under or by virtue of any Contra& made or entered into (ince the T wentieth Day of November One thousand eight hundred 4nd fisteen, or hereafter to be made or entered into, shall come afloat, to proceed upon any Voyage in Execution of any such Contract in time of Peace, then the Court of Dire&ors shall cause, as to all Ships now in the Service of the said United Company, the Tables or Sets of Tables first to be completed, approved and allowed after the passing of this Act, as hereinbefore mentioned; and as to all Ships which shall hereafter be contracted for in time of Peace, the Tables or Sets of Tables which shall have been completed, approved and allowed next immediately before such Ships shall have been respectively contracted for; and as to all Ships which hereafter shall be contracted for in time of War or Hostilities, or of Preparations for War or Hostilities, the Tables or Sets of Tables which shall have been completed, approved and allowed next immediately before the Commencement of such War or Hostilities, or of such Preparations for War or Hostilities, to be compared with the Tables or Sets of Tables which shall have been completed, approved and allowed next before such Ships shall come afloat in time of Peace to proceed on such Voyage $ and if it shall appear on such Comparison that the probable Cost of the Outftt of such Ship for the Voyage on which such Ship shall be about to proceed, shall exceed the Amount estimated by the Tables or Sets of Tables with which such Comparison shall be made, as the probable Cost of Outfit of a Ship of the same or as nearly as may be of the same Size for a iimilar Voyage, by One tcuth Part of such last mentioned Amount, then the Owners of such Ship shall be entitled for that Voyage to an additional Allowance, at a Rate which, calculated upon the chartered Tonnage of such Ship, shall be equal to such probable Excess, to be determined finally and conclusively by Order of the said Court of Dire&ors: Provided always, that the Owner or Owners of such Ship shall have entered into an Agreement with the said Court of Directors, that if upon such Comparison as aforesaid the probable Cost of the Outfit of such Ship for such Voyage ps aforesaid shall be found to fall below the Amount estimated by the Tables or Sets of Tables aforesaid by One tenth Part of such last mentioned Amount as aforesaid, then the said Court of Directors shall be. at liberty to make an Abatement from the Freight to which such Ship would be entitled under its Contrag, at a Rate which* calculated upon the chartered Tonnage of such Ship, shall be equal to such probable Diminution

of

After Condu-fion of War, on any Ship coming afloat to proceed on Voy-age, Court of.Dire&ors to cause TaMes herein mentioned to be compared with other Tablet, and on a certain result of such Comparison to make additional Allowance to Owners.

In what case Abatement made*

C.83.

58' GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

In what cases Abatements not made.

Tn what case Comparison of Coda of Outfit and eventual additional Allowance may be made.

In what case no additional Allowance.

What considered a time of Peace.

When additional Charges for War paid.

Court of Directors may on Notice take up ready built Ships for their Service, in cads of unfore-feen Exigency.

of Cost of Outfit $ the find Abatement to be in like manner determined finally and condufively by the said Court of Diredors: Provided always, that the Owners of the several Ships which are already in the Service of the said United Company under Contracts made since the Twentieth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, shall not be entitled to any such additional Allowance, nor subject to any such Abatement, until after a War or Hostilities shall have taken place and have been coneluded: Provided also, that the Owners of Ships hereafter to be contracted for in time of Peace to enter into the Service of the said United Company shall not be entitled to any such Allowance, nor subject to any such Abatement, in respect of any Voyage to be performed during the Continuance of the Peace in which the several Contradts for such Ships shall have been entered into: Provided also, that such Owners of Ships hereafter to he contracted for in time of War or Hostilities to enter into the Service of the said United Company, as shall have entered into such Agreement as before mentioned, shall he entitled to U Companion of the Costs.of. their Outfits respectively, and to any eventual additional Allowance which may become due to them thereupon in respect of every Voyage which the said Ships shall respectively come afloat to proceed upon in time of Peace: Provided always, that no additional Allowance shall be payable in time of Peace to the Owners of any Ship, under or by .virtue of this Act, for any Voyage ift respect of which the Owners of such Ship shall be entitled, under or by virtue of this or any former Ad, to any Payment iff respect of any additional Charges arising in time of War or Hostilities, or of Preparations for War or Hostilities: Provided also, that any time when Owners of Ships shall not be so entitled to any Payment in respect of any additional Charges arising in time of War or Hostilities, or of Preparations for War or HoftiUtiea, shall be deemed and considered a time of Peace within the Meaning of this Act: Provided always, that the additional Charges (if any) which may be incurred by reason of any Ship being built during a time of War or Hostilities, or of Preparations for War or Hostilities, shall and may be paid to the Owners of such Ship, although (he may come afloat to proceed on her first Voyage in time of Peace.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in cases of unforeseen Exigency, which cannot be answered conveniently by any Ship or a sufficient Number of Ships in the Service of the said Company, and which will not admit of Delay, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Diredors, or for any one of their several Governments abroad, to hire any Ship or Ships which can be procured to answer such Exigency; provided that Public Notice shall be given by Advertisement of the Ships and Tonnage wanted and the Service required, Fourteen Days at lead previous to the time appointed for taking up the same; and the Propofols to be made in pursuance of such Advertisement shall be put into a Box locked and Sealed, which shall not be opened except publicly in a Court of Diredors, or by the Governor and Council or Chief Agents of the said Company at any Place within the Limits of the Charter of die said Compan/ where, it shall be oeceflaiy to hire any such Ship or Ships; and then the lowed Tender or Tenders shall be accepted, without Favour or Partiality, if it or they shall be deemed ieafonable, and if upon a due Examination and Survey the Ship or Ships ten-

14 dered

58° GEO. IIL

C.83#

347

dered shall appear in all respects fit far the Service required: Provided always, that the Engagement or Employment of fnch Ships shall not extend beyond the Duration of the particular Service for which they shall have been fpeeifically hired.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further fenacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Court of Dire&ors of the said United Company, or their said Governments abroad, in cases of unforeseen and pressing Exigency, to hire and take up by private 'Contract, with or without advertising, any. Ship or Ships whatsoever for any particular Purpose; provided that no such Ship shall be'hired or taken up for more than One Voyage, and that the Reasons for taking up any such Ship or Ships at Home in left time than Fourteen Days as aforesaid after the Publication of an Advertisement, be stated in the Minutes of the said Court of Directors, and reported to the Court of Proprietors that shall next be holden after such hiring and taking up; and that the Reasons for taking up any fnch Ship or Ships abroad in less time than Fourteen Days after the Publication of an Advertisement as aforesaid, be stated in the Minutes of the Proceedings of the^Government by which such Ship or Ships shall be taken up, and be communicated to the Court of Directors as food as conveniently may be afterwards.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Directors of the said United Company to hire and take up by private Contract, without advertising, any Ship or Ships engaged or to be engaged in His Majesty's Transport or other Service to carry Convicts or Stores to Heto South Walts, the Cape of Good Hope, or Ceylon, or elsewhere within the Limits of the Charter of the said United Company, for the Purpose of bringing Cargoes from China or India, at such Rate of Freight and Demurrage as they shall judge to be reasonable, so as no such Ship shall be hired or taken up for more than One Voyage.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Court of Directors of the said United Company, if they shall fee fit, in the manner and according to the Provisions herein contained as to hiring Ships to be built for the Service of the said Company, to advertise for, hire and take up for Trade and Warfare and any other Service, or for Trade only, or any specific Service, as the said Court of Directors shall fee fit, anj Ship or Ships, whether built expressly for the Service of the said United Company or any other Service, and whether new Ships or Ships which shall have been then before employed in any Service whatsoever, so as the registered Measurement of such Ships shall not be more than Eight hundred Tons, for One Voyage, or for a Voyage out or a Voyage home, as the said Court shall think proper, to and from, Or to or from any Ports or Places, Port or Place whatsoever, within the Limits of the said Company's Charter, except the Dominions of the Emperor of China.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall authorize the Employment by the said Company of any- Vessel, the registered Measurement of which Vessel shall be under the Burthen pfeferibed by an Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Aafbr continuing in the Eaffc India Company or a further Terin the Pojfman of the British Territories in Indiaf together with certain enctufive

Privileges ;

Duration of such Engagements.

In cases of u»-forefeen Exigency, Ships may be taken up for One Voyage only by private Contract.

Ships as herein mentioned may be hired by private Contract, for Voyage* from China or India.

Ships herein mentioned of e certain limited Measurement may be employed for a Voyage out or home, to any Place except

China.

But not to authorise the Employment of any Ship under the Measurement prescribed by 53 O. 3. c. 155

S48

58» GEO. III,

A.D.1818.

Provifo for building a Ship in room of one loft.

A special Court alfembled.

Proceedings.

C, 83.

Privileges; for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the feud Territories, and the better Admint/lration of Jujlue within the same; and for regulating the Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the said Company9s Charter; or which may be pre* Scribed by any A A hereafter to be passed for Vessels carrying on Trade between the United Kingdom and the Places within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case any Ship which now is, or which lince the Twentieth Day of Novemhtr One thoXifand eight hundred and fifteen hath been, or which hereafter shall be engaged in the Service of the said United Company, under a Contract to serve the said Company for Six Voyages, hath been or shall be loft or captured before the Completion of her Fifth Voyage, if upon a full Investigation of the Circumstances of such .Loss by the said Court of Dire&ors, or some Committee thereof, the Commander and Owners of such Ship shall be fully acquitted from all Imputation of Neglect or Mifcondulf in respect of such Loss, in the Opinion of Eighteen Dire&ors at least, at a Court specially assembled for the Purpose of taking the said 'Commander's and the Owner's Conduit into Confideratfon: Provided always, that such Vote or Resolution of the Court of Directors shall be reported to a General Court of Proprietors, and after such Report iiich Vote or Resolution of the said Court of Directors shall be confirmed, by way of Bailot, by Three Parts in Four of the Proprietors assembled in General Court specially convened for that Purpose, whereof Eight Days' previous Notice of the Time and Purpose of such Meeting shall be given in the London Gazette; then if such Commander shall be then living, or if he shall be dead, then if the Chief Officer of the said Ship shall be living ( having already performed One Voyage at least as Chief or Second Officer!, and should have exerted himself honourably for the Defence and Safety of the loft Ship, either in Fight or Distress at Sea, and shall bq acquitted is manner hereinbefore mentioned from all Imputation of Neglect or Mifcondult in respect of such Loss, and such Acquittal shall also be confirmed in manner hereinbefore mentioned, from all Imputation. of Neglect or Misconduct in respect of such Loss, and such Acquittal mall also be confirmed in manner hereinbefore mentioned, then it shall and may be lawful for the said Court of Directors, os behalf of the said United Company, to enter into an Agreement with the Owners of such Ship so loft, or their Representatives; or if such Owners or their Representatives should omit or decline, for the Space of Three Calendar Months after the said Vote of Acquittal, to enter into such Agreement, then it fhmjl be lawful for the said Court of Dire&ors, on behalf of the said United Company, to enter into an Agreement with any Person or Persons of sufficient Refpoo-fibility, and able to give reasonable Security, who shall be nominated in Writing under the Hand of the Commander of such loll Ship, if such Commander shall be living and able to serve, and if not, then with any Person or Persons of sufficient Responsibility, and able to give reasonable Security, who shall be nominated in Writing under the Hand of the Chief Officer of such loft Ship, if he (halite living and able to Serve, to build another Ship of such Size as the said United Company shall have Occasion for, to be employed by them for Six or more Voyages, as shall be agreed by the said Court of Jjired-

ors,

58° GEO. III.

a 83,

3M

on, at the lowest. Rate of Peace Freight, with the Benefit or such other Allowances as are provided or permitted by this Act to be paid, which shall be payable in refpeH of the Ship of a similar Size, or as near as may be of a similar Size, to the Ship about to be built, which shall have been contraHed for, for Six Voyages at least, lafb before the ContraH for the Ship instead of such loft Ship shall be entered into: Provided always, that such Ship so to be built instead of such loft Ship shall be commanded in the first Instance by the Captain of the loft Ship, if he (hail be living and able to serve, and failing of him, by the said Chief Officer of the loft Ship, if be shall be living and able to serve; and unless either the Commander or Chief Officer of the loft Ship shall be living and able to serve, when the Contrail for building a Ship instead of the loft Ship shall be entered into, it shall .not be lawful for the said United Company or their Court of DireHors to enter into any Agreement for building a Ship instead of such loft Ship, otherwise than by Public Competition as hereinbefore mentioned.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be con ft rued to extend to oblige the said Court of DireHors, or any of the Governments of the said Company abroad upon any Occasion, to accept any Tender or Tenders, Proposal or Proposals, which they shall deem to be unreasonable, and for the Performance of which reasonable Security shall not be given \ or to enter into any Agreement on any such Proposal, although such Tender or Tenders, Proposal or Proposals may be the lowest and mod advantageous which may be offered j nor shall this All or any thing herein contained extend or be construed to extend to vefl in the Owner or Owners of any Ship or Ships, or any Person or Persons, making or offering any Tender or Tenders, Proposal or Proposals, any Right or Pretension which such Owner or Owners, Person or Persons, would not have had if the several Provisions hereby repealed or this AH had not been passed.

XIV. Provided also. That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend in anywise to relate to any of the Ships or Vessels belonging to or employed in the Marine War Establishment of the said United Company in the East Indies; but it shall and may be lawful to and for the said United Company and their Court of DireHors, and Servants abroad, ' to hire, take up and employ Vessels for those Purposes only, in such manner as they shall fee fit; nor shall this AH extend or be any ways deemed in any way to prevent the said United Company or their Court of DireHors, or any of their Officers or Servants, from causing any Goods to be loaded and carried on their Account on board any private Ship or Vessel, though not chartered to or in the Service of the said United Company.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all and every and so much and such Parts of the Bye Laws, Rules and Regulations of the said United Company and of their Court of DireHors, now in force, and her^aftet to be made, any way relating to Shipping Concerns of the said Company, and to the Commanders and Officers in their Service, which are not or shall not be inconsistent with or repugnant to the Provisions hereby enacted, shall remain and be of the same Validity, Force and EffcH, and shall be observed in like manner to all Intents and Purposes, as the same Bye Law, Rules and Regulations, or such Parts thereof as aforesaid, would have been in force,

and

Command ta be given to the Captain of the loft Ship, See.

Court of Di-rc&ors not obliged to enter two any unrea-fun able Contra#, &c.

Proviso for Vessels belonging to War Maiiuc Efta-bluhmenii in India; and for Company con-ffgning Goods by private Ships.

Company's Bye Laws, where not inconsistent with this A#, to re- main iu fuice.

350

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

57 0.3. c. no.

Court of Dirac, ten empowered te make Allow-aacct to certain Ships excluded from the Benedt of the recited

A a.

Marriages fo-lemmsedin India before 31ft December b j Mmifters of the Church of Scotland to be of the same Force as if fblemnised by Clergymen of the Church of England; and

C.83, 84.

and ought to hare been mbserved, if this Act had not been made, or to retrain the said Company from repealing or making any Bye Lawi, so as they shall not be inconsistent with the Provisions herein contained; this Act or any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithfts^nding.

4 XVI. And Whereas an Act was passed in the lad Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to authority the Court 0/ Diredors of the 4 East India Company to make extraordinary Allowances in certain 4 cases to the Owners of certain Ships in the Service of the said Com

4 pony s And Whereas certain Ships now in the Service of the said 4 United Company, called The Herefordshire, Atlas, Bridrewater,

4 General Harris, VanJittarU and General Kyd, were excluded horn 4 the Benefit of the said Act» because the Losses <0 which the 4 Owen of the said Ships had been subje&eddid not arise out of Con-4 tracts framed in ftri& Conformity to the said Act of the Thirty 4 ninth of George the Third: And Whereas the said Contract, so 4 far as they differed from Contracts framed in drift Conformity with 4 the said Act of the Thirty ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign, 4 were framed on Principles nearly approximating to those which are 4 laid down in the present Act for the Government of all future 4 Contracts for hiring Ships by the East India Company; and it 4 is fair and reasonable that some additional Allowances should now 4 be made to the Owners of the said fix Ships, in respect of the 4 Voyages performed by them under the said Contradfcs since the Ter-4 mination of the War, or dill remaining to be so performed: ' Be it therefore enacted, That after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the said Court of Directors to make such Allowances to the Owner or Owners of each of the said Ships, in respect of any Voyages performed since the Twentieth of November One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, or remaining to be performed under their afore said Contracts, as the said Court of Directors would hate been empowered to make to the Owner or Owners of such Ship, if the Name of such Ship had been included in the said Act of the lift Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An A & to remove Doubts as to the Validity of certain Marriages had and Solemnized within the British Territories in India. [5th June 1818.]

4 WHEREAS Doubts have arisen concerning the Validity of 4 W Marriages which have been had and Solemnized within the 4 Brit Mb Territories in India9 by Ordained Ministers of the Church 4 of Scotland as by Law established: And Whereas it is expedient 4 that such Doubts should be quieted, and that the Law respect-4 ing such Marriages should be declared for. the future 5* Be it declared and enacted j and it is hereby declared and enacted, by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advic? and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, iu this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the Tame, That all Marriages heretofore had and Solemnized, or which shall be had and Solemnized within the said Territories in* Indtaf before the Thirty first Day of December now next' enfutng, by Ordained Ministers of the Church of Scotland us by Law eftabmhed, shall be,

and

58 GEO. III.

SSI

C. 84, 85.

after that Period, Marriages be. tween l'erfons oiie or both of the Church of Scotland by Minitters of that Communion, and appointed by E. I. Com. paoy, valid.

and /hall be adjudged, efteetued and taken to have been, and to be, of the same and no other Force and Effect aa if such Marriages had been had and solemnized by Clergymen of the Church of Eng* land, according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England; and that from and after the said Thirty first Day of December now next ensuing, all Marriages between Persons, both or one of such Persons being Members or Member of or holding Communion with the Church of Scotland and making a Declaration to the Efieft hereinafter mentioned, which Marriages shall be had and solemnized within the British Territories in India, by Ordained Mi-nifters of the Church of Scotland as by Law established, and appointed by the United -Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies to officiate aa Chaplains within the said Territo-*ries, shall be, and shall be adjudged, esteemed and taken to be, of the same and no other Force and Effect as if such Marriages were had and solemnized by Clergymen of the Church of England according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England:

Provided always, that from and after the said Thirty first Day of December, no such Marriage as afore said shall be had and solemnized, till both or one of such Persons, as the case may be, shall have figued a 'Declaration in Writing, in Duplicate, stating that they, or he or she, 'as the case may be, are or is Members or Member of or holding Conimunion with the Church of Scotland by Law establilked.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Miftifter by whom such Marriage shall be solemnized, shall, immediately upon the Solemnization thereof, certify such Marriage by a Writing under his Hand in Duplicate, subjoined to or indorsed upon the Declaration in Duplicate hereinbefore mentioned, specifying in such Certificate the Names and Descriptions of the Parties between* whom and of the Witneftes in whose Presence the said Marriage has been had and solemnized, and the time and Place of the Celebration of the same; and such Certificate in Duplicate shall be also signed forthwith by the Parties entering into such Marriage, and by the Witneftes to the same; and the Mmifter officiating shall deliver One Duplicate of such Declaration and Certificate to the Persons married, or to One of them, and shall transmit the other Duplicate of such Declaration and Certificate to the Chief Secretary of Government at the Pre-Prefidency within which such Marriage shall have been had and solemnized.

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act to carry into Execution a Convention made between His Majesty and the King of Portugal, for the preventing Traffic in Slaves. % [5th June 1818.]

* WWHEREAS an additional Convention to a Treaty of the Convention,

* VV Twenty second of January One thousand eight hundred da*ed Jan **

* and fisteen, was made between His Majesty and His most Faithful 1 I5' reci c*< Majesty the King of Portugal, for the Purpose of preventing illicit

* Traffic in Slaves, and signed at fjondon on theTwenty eighth Day ' of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen: And Whereas ' it was, in the first Article of the said Convention, declared to be

* the Object of the said Convention, to prevent the respective Sub-

* jefts

Declaration by Parties.

Mmifter to certify Marriage; and deliver Duplicate of Certificate signed by Partifta to Party, and transmit another to Secretary of Presidency.

352

C.85.

58° GEO. III.

A»D. 1818,

* je&s of His Majesty and His mod Faithful Majesty, from carrying ' on an illicit Slave Trade; and it was also thereby declared, that

* every Traffic in Slaves carried on under the following Circum-1 fiances, should be considered as illicit; First, either by Briti/b Ships 4 and under the Briti/b Flag, or for the Account of Brftifb Sub*

4 jeds by any Vessel or under any Flag whatsoever; Second, by

* Portuguefc Vessels in any of the Harbours or Roads of the Coast 4 of Africa* which are prohibited by the First Article of the 4 Treaty of the Twenty second of January One thousand eight

* hundred and fifteen; Third, under the Portuguese or Brit'ifi

* Flag, for the Account of the Subjects of any otfier Govern-4 ment; Fourth, by Portuguese Vessels bound for any Port not in

* the Dominions of His moil Faithful Majesty: And Whereas it

* was by the Second Article of the said ^Convention declared and

* agreed, that the Territories in which the Traffic in Slaves continues 4 to be permitted under the Treaty of the Twenty second of Jan*-

* any One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, to the Subject of

* His most Faithful Majesty, are the following | First, the Terri-

* tones poffefTed by the Crown of Portugal upon the Coaff of

* Africa to the South of the Equator, that is to say, upon the i

* Eaftern Coast of Africa* the Territory lying between Cape Del-4 gado and the Bay of Lourcnco Marques* and upoir the Weftem ' Coast, ail that which is situated from the Eighth to the Eighteenth

* Degree of South Latitude; Second, those Territories on the Coast

* of Africa to the South of the Equator, over which His most Faith-

* ful Majesty has declared that he has retained his Rights, namely,

* the Territories of Molembo and Cabinda upon the Western Coat! |

* of Africa, from the Fifth Degree Twelve Minutes to the Eighth

* Degree South Latitude: And Whereas by the Third Article of 4 the said Convention, His most Faithful Marjesty engaged, within 4 the Space of Two Months after the Exchange of the Ratifications ' of the said Convention, to promulgate in his Capital and in the 4 other Parts of his Dominions, as soon as possible, a Law which

* should prescribe the Puniffiment of any of His Subjects who may 4 in future participate in' an illicit Traffic of Slaves, and at the 4 same time to renew the Prohibition which already exists, to import 4 Slaves iuto the Brazils* under any Flag other than that of Per-4 tugal; and His most Faithful Majesty also engaged to assimilate,

* as much as possible, the Legislation of Portugal* in this respect,

* to tha* of Great Britain: And Whereas it was, by the Fourth

* Article of the said Convention, declared and agreed, that every 4 Portuguese Vessel which should be destined for the Slave Trade 4 on any Point of the African Coast whfre the Traffic in Slaves 4 (houid still continue to be lawful, must be provided with a Royal 4 Passport, conformable to the Model annexed to the said Conven-4 tion, and which Model formed an integral Part of the same, aBd 4 that every such Passport must be written in the Portuguese Lan-4 guage, with an authentic Translation in English anifexed thereto,

4 and must be signed, for all those Veffeis fading from the Port of 4 Rio Janeiro by the Miqifter of Marine, and for all other Veffeb 4 which may be intended for the said Traffic, and which may fail 4 from any other Ports of the Brazils* or from any other of the 4 Dominions of His most Faithful 'Majesty, not in Europe, the 4 Passport* must be figued by the Governor in Chief of the Captaincy

tu

C. 85%

85S

* to which the Port belongs, and as to those Vessels which may

* proceed from the Ports of Portugal must be (igned by the Secre-4 tary of the Government for the Marine Department: And 4 Whereas it was declared and agreed, by tli* Fifth Article of 4 the said Convention, that the Ships of War of the respective -Royal 4 Navies of His Majesty and His most Faithful Majesty, which 4 shall be provided with special Inftru&ions for that Purpose, as 4 hereinafter provided, may visit such Merchant Vessels of the Two 4 Nations as may be suspected, upon reasonable Grounds, of having 4 Slaves on board acquired by an illicit Traffic; and in the Event 4 only of their actually finding Slaves on board may detain and 4 bring away such Vefleis, in order that they may be brought to 4 Trial before the Tribunals established for that Purpose, as fpe* 4 cified in the said Convention $ provided that the Commanders of

* the Ships of War of the Two .Royal Navies, who shall be em-4 ployed on this Service, shall adhere strictly to the exact Tenor 4 of the Inftru&ions which they shall have received for that Pur-4 pose; and that as the said Article is entirely reciptocal, the Two 4 High Contrafling Parties engaged in the said Article mutually to 4 make good any Losses which their respective Snbje&s may incur 4 unjustly, by the arbitrary and illegal Detention of their Vefleis, 4 and that this Indemnity shall invariably be borne by the Govem-4 ment whose Cruizer shall have been guilty of the arbitrary De-4 tention; provided that the Visit and*Detention of Slave Ships 4 specified in the said Article, shall only be effected by those British 4 or Portuguese Vessels which may form Part of the Two Royal 4 Navies, and by those only of such Vessels which are provided with 4 the special Inftru&ions annexed to the said Convention: And 4 Whereas it was declared and decreed by the* Sixth Article of the 4 said Convention, that no British or Portuguese Cruizer shall detain 4 any Slave Ship not having Slaves actually on board; and in order 4 to render lawful the Detention of any Ship, whether Briiifb or 4 Portuguese, the Slaves found on board such Vessel must have been 4 brought there for the express Purpose of the Traffic, and those on 4 board Portuguese Ships must have been taken from that Part of the 4 Coast of Africa where the Slave Trade was prohibited by the 4 Treaty of the Twenty second of January One thousand eight 4 hundred and fisteen: And Whereas it was declared and agreed, 4 by the Seventh Article of the said Convention, that all Ships of 4 War of the Two Nations which shall hereafter he destined to pre-4 vent the illicit Traffic in Slaves, shall be furniflied by their own 4 Government with a Copy of the Inftru&ions annexed to the said 4 Convention, and which shall be considered as an integral Part 4 thereof, and that such Inftru&ions shall be written in PoHuguefe 4 and Engltfby and (igned for the Vessels of each of the. Two 4 Powers, by the Minister of their respective Marine, with a Re* 4 servation of the Faculty of altering the said Inftru&ions, in Whole 4 or in Part, according to Ctrcumftaocea; it being however well 4 understood, that the said Alterations cannot take place but by 4 common Agreement, and by the Consent of the Two High Con-4 trading Parties s And Whereas it was, by the Eighth Article of 4 the said Convention agreed, that in order to bring to Adjudication 4 with the least Delay and Inconvenience, the Vessels which may. be 4 detained for having, been engaged in afi illicit Traffic in Slaves,

58 Gso. III. A a 4 there

C. 8a«

58° GEO. III

A.D.181S,

, 354

there diall be established, *within the Space of a Year at furthcft from the Exchange of the Ratifications of the said Contention, Two mixed Commissions, formed of an equal Number of Individuals of the Two Nations, named for the Purpose by their respective Sovereigns; and that those Commissions shall reside, one in a PofTefiion belonging to His Majesty, the other within the Territories of His most Faithful Majesty; and that the Two Governments, at the Period of the Exchange of the Ratifications of the said Convention, should declare, each lor its own Dominions, in what Placet the Com million a shall respectively reside, each of the Two fi>gh Contracting Parties reserving to itself the Right of changing at its Pleasure the Place of 'Residence of the Com-million held within its own Dominions; provided however that one of the Two Commissions shall always be held upon the Coast of Africa, and the other in the Brauils; and that these Commissions shall judge the Causes submitted to them, without Appeal, and according to the Regulations and Inftru&ions annexed to the said Convention, of which they shall be considered as an integral Part: And Whereas by the Ninth Article of the said Convention, His Britannic Majesty, in conformity with the Stipulations of the Treaty of the Twenty second of January One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, engaged to grant, in the manner hereinafter explained, sufficient Indemnification to all the Proprietors of Par-tuguefe VefTels and Cargoes captured by Brki/b Cruizert, between the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and the Period at which the Two Corainifiioners pointed out in the-Eighth Article of the said Convention shall assemble at their \ respective Posts; and His Majesty and His most Faithful Majesty did agree, that all Claims of the Nature before mentioned shall be received and liquidated by a mixed Commission to be held it Londont and which shall consist of an equal Number of the Isdiri-duaia of the Two Nations, named by their refpe&xve Sovereigns, and upon the same Principles stipulated by the Eighth Artide of the said Convention, and by the other A6U which form an integral Part of the same; and that the aforesaid Commissionert shall commence their Fun&ions Six Months after the Ratification of the said Convention, or foooer if possible: And Whereas it was also by the said Convention agreed, that the Proprietors of VefTels captured by the Briti/h Crulxers, cannot claim Compenfarion for a larger Number of Slaves than that which according to the existing Laws of Portugal they were permitted to transport according to the Rate of Tonnage of the captured Vessel; and that every Portuneje Vessel captured with Slaves on board for the Traffic, which (haul be proved to have been embarked within the Territories of the Coast of Africa (ituated to the North of Cape Palmast and not belonging to the Crown of Portugal, as well as all Portuguese VefTels captured with Slaves on board for the Traffic, Six Months after the Exchange of the*Ratifications of the Treaty of the Twenty fccocd of January One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, and on which it can be proved that the aforesaid Slaves were embarked in the Roadfteads of the Coast of Africa situated to the North of the Eauator, shall not be entitled to claim any Indemnification: And Whereas by the Tenth Article of the said Convention, His Majesty engag'd .to pay, within, the (Space of a Yegr at furthest from the

- - 1 Dedfion

A.D.1919.

58° GEO. III.

C.85,

855

4 Decision of each case, to the Individual having a just Claim to the 4 Dune, the Sams which shall be granted to thempy the Commissioners

* described in the preceding Articles of the said Convention: And

* Whereat by the Eleventh Article of the said Convention, His

* Majesty engaged to pay the Three hundred thousand Pounds 4 Sterling of Indemnification, stipulated by the Convention of the 4 Twenty first of January One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, in

* favour of the Proprietors of Portugue/e VefTels captured by Briti/k 4 Cruisers up to the Period of the First of June One thousand eiglit 4 hundred and fourteen, in the manner following; videlicet, the Fird

* Payment of One hundred and fifty thousand Pounds Sterling, Six

* Modths after the Exchange of the Ratifications of the Convention 4 recited by this Act, and that the remaining One hundred and fifty 4 thousand Pounds Sterling, as well as the Interest at Five per 4 Centum due upon the total Sum, from the Day of the Exchange 4 of the Ratifications of the Convention of the Twenty first of 4 January One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, should be paid 4 Nine Months after the Exchange of the Ratifications of the Con-4 vention recited by this Act; and that the Interest due (halljbe 4 payable up to the Day of the lad Payment; and that all the 4 aforesaid Payments (hau be made in London, . to the Minister of 4 His mod Faithful Majesty at the Court of His Majesty, or to the 4 Persons whom His mod Faithful Majesty shall think proper to 4 authorise for that Purpose: And Whereas it was by the Twelfth 4 Article of the said Convention declared, that certain Acts or In-

* ftruments annexed to the said Convention should form an integral

* Part thereof, and which were as follows; that is to say, First, a 4 Form of Passport for the Portugue/e Merchant Ships dedined for 4 the lawful Traffic in Slaves; Secondly, Indrudions for the Ships 4 of War of both Nations deftfned to prevent the illicit Traffic m 4 Slaves; Thirdly, Regulation for the mixed Commissions which art 4 to hold their Sittings on the Coad of Africa, at the Brazils, and 4 in London: And Whereas the said Indrudions before secondly

* referred to, and made an integral Part off the said Convention, di<b 4 in the Fird Article thereof, provide that every British or Portugue/e 4 Ship of War shall have a Right to visit the Merchant Ships of either 4 of the Two Powers actually engaged or suspected to be engaged

* in the Slave Trade; and should any Slaves be found on board, 4 according to the Tenor of the Sixth Article of the aforesaid«Additional Convention, and as to what regards the Portugue/e«Vessels, should there be. Ground to suspect that.the said Slaves nave 4 been embarked on a Part of the Coad of Africa where the Traffic < in Slaves can no longer be legally carried On, in confeqpence of the 4 Stipulations in force between the Two* High Contra&ing Powers,

* in. these cases alone the Commander of the said Ship of wfar may 4 detain them, and having detained them, he is to bring them as 4 soon as possible for Judgment before that of the Two mixed Com-4 millions appointed by the Eighth Article of the Convention which 4 /ball be nearest, or which the Commander of the' capturing Ship

* shall, upon his own Refponfibilitj, think he can soonest reach from 4 the Spot where the Slaye Ship shall have been detained; and that 4 Ships on board of which no Slaves shall be found, intended for the 4 Purpofea of Traffic, shall not be detained on any Account or Pre-4 tence whatever; and that Negro Servants Sailors that may be

A a 2 4 found

S5G

C. 85.

58 GEO. III.

A. D. 1818.

4 found on board the said Vessels cannot in any case be deemed a

* sufficient Cause for Detention: And Whereas it was by the Second 4 Article of the said Instructions provided, that no Merchantman 4 or Slave Ship cam on any Account or Pretence whatever be visited 4 or detained, * whilst in the Port or Roadstead belonging to either 4 of the Two High Contrafling Powers, or within Camion Shot of 4 The Batteries on Shore; but in case suspicious VefTels should be 4 found so circum daneed, proper Representations may be addressed 4 to the Authorities of the Country, requesting them to take effeftuil 4 Measures for preventing such Abufest And Whereas it was also 4 provided, in the Third Article of the fajd In ft ru ft ion, in confe-4 quence of the immense Extent of the Shores of Africa to the North 4 of the Equator, alpng which this Commerce continues prohibited, '4 and the Facility thereby afforded for illicit Traffic, on Points where 4 either the total Absence or at least the Distance of lawful Autho-4 rities bar ready Access to those Authorities; in order to prevent it,

* and for the'more readily attaining the salutary End that His Majesty 4 and His most Faithful Majesty did actually grant to each other the 4 Power, without Prejudice to the Rights of Sovereignty, to visit 4 and detain, as if on the High Seas, any Vessel having Slaves on 4 board, even within Cannot Shot of the Shore of their respective 4 Territories on the Continent of Africa to the North of the Equator, 4 Jn case of there being no-local Authorities to whom Recourse might 4 be had, as has been dated in the preceding Article; and that in

* such case, Vessels so visited may be brought before the mixed Com-4 miflloncrs in the Form prescribed in the First Article of the said ' Instructions; and it was also by the Fourth Article of the In-4 ftruftions provided, that no Portuguese Merchantman or Slave Ship H shall, on any Pretence whatever, be detained, which shall be found 4 any where near the Land or oh the High Seas South of the 4 Equator, unless after a Chace that shall have commenced North 4 of the Equator; and by the Fifth Article of the said Indrudiooi, 1 that Portuguese Vessels ftiroiflied with a regular Pa Upon, having 4 Slaves on board, shipped at those Parts or the Coad of Afrit* 4 where the Trade is permitted to Portuguese Subjests, and which 4 shall afterwards b£ found North of the Equator, shall oot be

* detained by the Ships of War of the Two Nations, though fumi/bed 4 vfrith the present Instructions, provided the same can account for 4 their Coune, either in conformity with1 the Practice of the Port*-4 gyefe Navigation, by (leering some Degrees to the Northward in 4 search of fair W-inds, or for other legitimate Causes, such as the 4 Dangers of the Sea, duly proved; or lastly, in the case of their 4 Pafiports proving : that they were bound tor a Portugufe Port 4 not within the.Continent oi Africa; provided always, that with 4 regard to all Slave Ships detained to the North of the Equator, 4 the Proof of the Legality of the Voyage is to be furoilhed by 4 the Vessel so detained; on the other Hand, with respect to Slave 4 Ships detained to the South -of the Equator, in conformity with 4 the Stipulations of the preceding Article, the Proof of the Illegality 4 of the Voyage is to be exhibited by the Captor; it is in like manner 4 stipulated, that the Number of Slaves found on board a Slave Ship 4 by the Cruixers, even' should the Number not agree with that con-4 tained in their PalFpost, shall not be a sufficient Reason to jufbfj 4 the Detention of the Ship, but the Captain and the Proprietors

4 dull

A.D. 1818.

56° GEO. III.

C. 85

857

shall be denounced in the Portuguese Tribunals in the Brautlt, in order to their being puniftied according to the Laws of the Country: And Whereas it was by the Sixth Article of the said Inftru&ions provided, that every Portuguese Vessel intended to be employed in the legal Traffic in Slaves, in conformity with the Principles laid down in the said Convention, shall be commanded by a Native Portuguese, and Two thirds at lead of the Crew shall likewise be Portuguese; provided always, that its Portuguese or Foreign Con-ftm&ion shall in no wife affect its Nationalty, and that the Negro Sailors (hail always be reckoned as Portuguese, provided they belong as Slaves to Subjects of the Crown of Portugal\ or that they have been enfranchised in the Dominions of His mod Faithful Majesty: And Whereas it was also, by the Seventh Article of the said Instructions, provided, that whenever a Ship of War shall meet a Merchant Vessel liable to be searched, it shall be done in the moil mild manner, and with every Attention which is due between Allied and Friendly Nations; and in no case shall the Search be made by an Officer holding a Rank inferior to that of Lieutenant in the Navy; and by the Eighth Article of the said Instructions, that the Ships of War which may detain Slave Ships, in pursuance of the Principles laid down in the said Instructions, shall leave on board all the Cargo of Negroes untouched, as well as the Captain, and a Part at lead of the Crew of the Slave Ship; and that the Captain shall draw up in Writing an authentic Declaration, which shall exhibit the State in which he found the detained Ship, and the Changes which may have taken, place in it; and that he shall deliver to the Captain of the Slave Ship a signed Certificate of the Papers seized on board the said Vessel, as well as of the Number of Slaves found on board at the Moment of Detention; and that the Negroes shall not be disembarked till after the Vessels which contain them shall be arrived at the Place where the Legality of the Capture is to be tried by one of the Two mixed Commissions, jn order that in the Event of their not being adjudged legal Prize, the Loss of the Proprietors may be more easily repaired, but that if urgent Motives, deduced from the Length of the Voyage, the State of Health of the Negroes, or other Causes, require that they shall be disembarked entirely or in Part, before the Vessel can arrive at the Place of the Residence of One of the said Commissions, the Commander of the capturing Ship may take on himself the Refpon-(ibility of firch Disembarkation, provided th&t the Necessity be Rated in a Certificate in proper Form; and it was by the Ninth Article of the said Instructions provided, that in Conveyance of Slaves from one Port of the 1Brazils to another, or from the Continent or I(land6 of Africa to the Possessions of Portugal out of America* shall take place as Objects of Commerce, except in Ships provided with Passports from the Portuguese Government e*4 *** And Whereas alio it was by the said Regulations for the mixed Commissions which were to be established according to the Stipulations of the said. Convention, and which Regulations Vvere declared to be an integral Part of the said Convention, provided, in the First Article of the said Regulations, that the mixed Coco-missions to be established by the said Convention upon the Coast of Africa and in the Brauile, are appointed to decide upon the Legality of the Detention of such Slave Vessels as the Gruizers of

A a S both

95*

C.85. '

58 GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

4 both Nations shall detain, in purfaance of the said Convention, for 1 carrying on an illicit Commerce in Slaves; and that the above men-

* tioned Commissions shall judge, without Appeal, according to the

* Letter and Spirit of the Treaty of the Twenty second of 4 January One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, and of the said ' Additional Convention to the said Treaty, signed at London on the 4 Twenty eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seven-4 teen, and recited in this Act, that the Commissiona shall give Sen.

4 tence as summarily as possible, and they are required to decide 4 (as far as they shall find it practicable) within the Space of

* Twenty Days, tb be dated .from that on which every detained 4 Vessel shall have been brought into the Port where they shall reside;

4 first, upon the Legality of the Capture; secondly, in the case in 4 which the captured Vessel shall have been liberated, as to the In-4 demnification which (he is to receive; and it is thereby provided 4 that in all cases the final Sentence shall not be delayed on account of 4 the Absence of Witnesses, or for Want of other Proofs, beyond 4 the Period of Two Months, except upon the Application of any 4 of the Parties interested, when, upon their giving satisfactory Se-4 curity to charge themselves with the Expence and Risks of the 4 Delay, the Commissioners may, at their Discretion, grant an addi*

4 tional Delay, not exceeding Four Months; and it was by the 4 Second Article of the said Regulations provided, that each of the 4 above mentioned mixed Commifiions, which are to reside on the 4 Coast of Africa and in the Brazils, shall be composed in the 4 following manner; the Two High Contracting Parties shall each 4 of them name a Commissary Judge and a Commissioner of Aibi-4 tration, who shall be authorized to hear and to decide, without 4 Appeal, all cases of Capture of Slave Vessels which, in purfuapce 4 of the Stipulation of the Additional Convention of this date, may 4 be laid before them; and that all the essential Parts of the Pro-4 ceedings carried on before these mixed Commissions shall be written 4 down in the Language of the Country in which the Commission 4 may reside; and the Commissary Judges, and the Commissioners 4 of Arbitration, shall make Oath, in Presence of the Principal 4 Magistrate of the Place in which the Commission may reside, to 4 judge fairly and faithfully, to have no Preference either for the

4 Claimants or the Captors, and to a ft in all their Decifiout in | 4 pursuance of the {Stipulations of the Treaty of the Twenty second 4 of January One thousand eight hundred and fisteen, and of the 4 Additional Convention to the said Treaty recited in this A ft;

4 and that there shall be attached to each Commission a Secretary 4 *or Regiftrar appointed by the Sovereign of the Country in which 4 the Commissions jmay reside, who (halt register all its Acts, and 4 who, previous to taking Charge of his Post, shall make Oath, in 4 Presence of at least One of the Commissary Judges, to conduct 4 himself with Respect for their Authority, and to aft with Fidelity 4 in all the Affairs which may belong to nis Charge; and it was alio 4 provided in the Third Article of the Regulations, that the Form 4 of the Proceh shall be as follows: The Commissary Judges of the 4 Two Nations shall in the First Place proceed to*he Examination of 4 the Papers of the Vessel, and to receive the Demolitions on Oath of 1 4 the Captain and Two or Three at least of the principal Individuals 4 on board of the detained Vessel, as well as the Declaration on

« Oath

A.D.181&

58f GEO. III.

C.85,

359

4 Oath of the Captor, (hopld it appear necessary, in order to be able 4 to judge and to pronounce if the said Vessel has been justly detained

* or not, according to the Stipulations of the said Additional Con*

3*mention recited, in this Act, and in order that according to this

3 4 Judgment it may be condemned or liberated; and in the Event

4 of the Two Coromiffary Judges not agreeing on the Sentence they 4 ought to pronounce, whether as to the Legality of the Detention*

, 4 or the Indemnification to be allowed, or on any other Question

* which might result from the Stipulations of the said Convention,

[ 4 they shall draw by Lot the Name of One of the Two Commissioners

4 of Arbitration, who, after having considered the Documents of the 4 Process, shall consult with .the above mentioned Commifiary, 4 Judges on the case in question, and the final Sentence shall be

, *pronounced conformably in the Opinion of the Majority of the

, 4 above mentioned Commissary Judges, and of the above mentioned

4 Commissioner of Arbitration: And it was also provided by the 4 Fourth Article of the said Regulations, that as often as the Cargo 4 of Slaves found on board of a Portuguese Slave Ship shall have been 4 embarked on any Point whatever of the Coast of Africa where the 4 Slave Trade continues lawful so the Subjects of the Crown of, 4 Portugalf such Slave Ship shall not be detained on Pretext that the

4 above mentioned Slaves (nail have been brought originally by Land 4 from any other Part whatever of the Continent; and it was also in 4 the Fifth Article of the said Regulations provided, that in the 4 authenticated Declaration which the Captors shall make before the 4 Commission, as well as in the Certificate of the Papers Seized, 4 which shall be delivered to the Captain of the captured Vessel at

* the time of she Detention, the above mentioned Captor shall be 4 bound to declare bis Name, the Name of his Vessel, as well at the 4 Latitude and Longitude of the Place where the Detention (haH 4 have taken place, and the Number of Slaves found living on board 4 of the Slave Ship at the time of the Detention; and it was also 4 provided, in the Sixth Article of the said Regulations, that as soon 4 as Sentence shall have been passed, the detained Vessel, if liberated, 4 and what remains of the Cargo, shall be restored to the Proprie* 4 tors, who may before the same Commission claim a Valuation of the 4 Damages which they may have a Right to denpmd, the Captor 4 himseif, and in his Default his Government, shall remain refpon* 4 fxbie for the above mentioned Damages; and that the Two High 4 Coatra&ing Powers did bind themselves to defray, within the 4 Term of a Year from the Date of the Sentence, .the Indemnify-4 cations which may be granted by the above named Commissioir, 4 it being nnderftood that these Indemnifications shall be at the Ex* 4 pence of the Power of which the Captor shall be a SubjeA; and 4 by the Seventh Article of the said Regulations, that in case of the 4 Condemnation of a Vessel for an unlawful Voyage, (he shall be 4 declared lawful Prize, as well as her Cargo, of whatever Description 4 it may be, with the Exception of the Saves who may be on board 4 as Objedfcs of Commerce; and the said Vessel, as well as her 4 Cargo, shall be sold by Public Sale, for the Profit of the Two 4 Government*; and as to the Slaves, they shall deceive from the 4 mixed Commission a Certificate of Emancipation, and shall be deb* 4 vexed over to the Government on whole Territory the Commission 4 which (haU hi^ so judged them (hell be eftatdished, to be employed

A a 4 1 as

C. 85,

58° GEO. III.

A. D. 1818.

* as Servants or Free Labourers, with Guarantee by each of the

* Two Governments respectively, the Liberty of such Portion of 4 these Individuals as shall be respectively consigned to it; and it was 4 also provided by the Eighth Article of the said Regulations, that

* every Claim for Compensation of LoiTes occasioned to Ships fuf-

* pedted of carrying on an illicit Trade in Slaves, not condemned is

* lawful Prize by the mixed Commiilions, shall be also heard and

* judged by the above named Commiilions, in the Form provided by

* the Third Article of the said Regulations hereinbefore recited; and

* in all cases wherein Restitution shall be so decreed, the Commission 4 shall award to the Claimant or Claimants, or his or their lawful

* Attorney or Attornies, for his or their Use, a just and complete

* Indemnification, first, for all Costs of Suit, and for all LoiTes and 4 Damages which the Claimant or Claimants may have actually ' sustained by such Capture and Detention, that ir to fay, in tlx

* case of total Lof6, the Claimant or Claimants shall be indemnified, 4 first, for the Ship, her Tackle, Apparel and Stores; secondly, for

* all Freight due and payable; thiixliv, for the Value of the Cargo

* of Merchandize, if any; fourthly, for the. Slaves on board at the

* time of Detention, according--to-ihe computed Value of such Slaws 4 at the Place of Dcftination, dedu&mg therefrom the usual fair 4 average Mortality for the unexpired Period of the regular Voyage, '* deducing also for all Charges and Expences payable upon the 4 Sale of such Cargoes, including Commission of Sale when payable 4 at such Port; and fifthly, for all other regular Charges in such 4 cases of totfel Loss; and in all other cases not of total Loss, the 4 Claimant or Claimants shall be indemnified, first, for. all (pedal 4 Damages and Expences occasioned to th$. Ship by the Detention, 4 and for Loss of Freight when due or payable; secondly, a De* 4 murrage, when due, according*to the Schedule annexed; thirdly, a 4 daily Allowance for the Subsistence of Slaves of One Shilling or

* One hundred and eighty Reis for each Person, without Distinction 4 of Age or Sex, for so many Days as it shall appear to the Com*

* mission that the Voyage has been or may be delayed by reasonof 4 such' Detention; as like wife, fourthly, for any Deterioration of 4 Cargo or Slaves; fifthly, for any Diminution in the Value of the 4 Cargo of Slaves proceeding from an increased Mortality beyond the

* average Amount of the Voyage, or from Sickness occasioned by

* Detention, this Value to be ascertained by their computed Price 4 at the Place of Destination, as in the above case of total Loss: 4 sixthly, an Allowance of Five per Centum on the Amouut of 4 Capital employed in the Purchafeand Maintenance of Cargo for the 4 Period of Delay occasioned by the Detention; and seventhly, for

* all Premium of Insurance on additional. Risks; the Claimant or 4 Claimants shall likewise be entitled to Interest at the Rate of Five 4 per Centum per Annum on the Sum awarded, until paid by the 4 Government to which the capturing Ship belongs; the whole 4 Amount of such Indemnifications being calculated in the Money < of the Country to which the captured Ship belongs, and to be

* liquidated at Exchange Current at the time of Award, excepting 4 the Sum for the Subsistence of Slaves, which shall be paid at par, as

* above stipulated; the Two High Contra&ing Parties wiflung to

* avoid, as much as possible, every Species of Fraud it the Execution

* of the Additional Convention of this Date, ha^p agreed, that if

4 it

A. D: 1818.

58° GEO. IIL

C. 85.

SSI

4 it /hould be proved, in a manner evident to the Conviction of the 4 Judges of the Two Nations, and without having Recourse to the 4 Dectfion of a Commissioner of Arbitration, that the Captor has been 4 led into Error by a voluntary and reprehensible Fault on the Part 4 of the Captain of the detained Ship, in that case only the detained 4 Ship shall not have the Right of receiving, during the Days of her 4 Detention, the Demurrage ilipulated by the present Article: —

100 Tons to X20 inclufivc. 121 ditto to 150 - ditto 151 ditto to 170 - ditto 171 ditto to 200 - ditto 200 Tons to 220 - ditto 221 ditto to 250 - ditto 251 ditto to 270 - ditto 271 ditto to 300 - ditto

t Vessel of

. £s

6

- 8

- IO .

11

12

- *4

- »5J

per Diem;

4 and so ip proportion; and it was also provided by the Ninth Article 4 of the said Regulations, that when the Proprietors of a Ship fuf-* pe&ed of carrying on an illicit Trade in Slaves, released in confe-4 quenceof a Sentence of One of the mixed Commissions (or in the* 4 case as above mentioned of total Loss), 4hall claim Indemnification 4 for the Loss of Slaves which he may have fullered, he shall in no 4 case be entitled to claim for more than the Number of Slaves which 4 his Vessel wa9 by the Portuguese Laws authorized to caiTy, which 4 Number shall always be declared in his Pafiport; and it was also 4 provided by the Tenth Article of the said Regulations, that the 4 mixed Commission established in London by the Article Ninth of 4 the said Convention hereinbefore recited, shall hear and determine 4 all Claims for Portuguese Ships and Cargoes captured by Britift> 4 Cruizers, on account of the unlawful Trading in Slaves, since the 4 First of«June One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, till the 4 Period when the Convention is to be in complete Execution, award-4 ing to them, conformably to the Ninth Article of the said Con-4 vent ion, a just and complete Compensation, upon the Basis laid 4 down in the preceding Article, either for total Loss, * or for Lodes 4 and Damages sustained by the Owners and Proprietors of the said 4 Ships and Cargoes; and it was also provided, that the said Com-4 million established in London shall be composed and proceed exactly 4 upon the same Basis determined in the Articles of One, Two, and 4 Three of the Regulations hereinbefore recited, for the Commifiions " established on the Coast of Africa and the Brax\L; and it was also 4 provided by the Eleventh Article of the said Regulation, that it 4 > shall not be permitted to any of the Commifiary Judges, nor to the 4 Arbitrators, nor to the Secretary of any of the mixed Commifiions, 4* to demand or receive from any one of the Parties concerned in the 4 Sentences which they shall pronounce, any Emolument, * under any 4 Pretext what foe ver, for the Performance of the Duties which are 4 imposed upon them by*the Regulations annexed to the Convention 4 as aforesaid; and by.the Ninth Article, of the said Regulations, 4 that when the Parties interested shall imagine they have Cause to 4 eomplain< of any evident Injustice on the Part of the mixed Com-4 millions, they may represent it'to their respective Governments, 4 Who-referve to thexnlclves the Right of mutual Correspondence,

4 for

362

C. 85.

58 GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

for removing, when they think fit, the Individuals who may com-pofe these Commissions: And it was also provided'by the Thirteenth Article of the said Regulations, that in the case of a Veffd detained uniuiUy under the Pretence of the Stipulations of the Additional Convention of this Date, and in which the Captor Ihoold neither be authorized by the Tenor of the above mentioned Convention, nor of the Instructions annexed to it, the Goternment to which the detained Vessel may belong shall be entitled to demand Reparation, and in such case the Government to which the Captor may belong binds itself to cause the*Subject of Complaint to be fully examined, and to infiilt upon the Captor, if he be found to have deserved it, a Punishment proportioned to the Transgression which may have been committed: And it was also agreed in the Fqurtecnth Article of the said Regulations, that in the Event of the Death of One or more of the Commissioners, *Judges and Arbitrators composing the above mentioned mixed Commissiou, their Pofb shall be supplied ad interim in the following maimer; on the Part of the British Government, (he Vacanciea shall be filled successively in the Commission which shall fit within the Pofleffioos of His Britannic Majesty, by the Governor or Lieutenant Governor resident in that Colony, by the principal Magistrate of the Place, and by .the Secretary, tod in tno Brazil*f by the BritiA Consul and Vice Consul resident in the City in which the mixed Commif-fion may be established; on the Part of Portugal, the Vacandet (hail be supplied in the Brazil* by such Persons as the Captaia General of the Province shall name fot that Purpose; and coondering the Difficulty which the Portuguefi Government would feel in naming fit Persons to fill the Pods which might become vacant in the Commission established in the British Pouessions, it is agreed, that in case of the Death of the Portugtufe Coramissioners, Judge or Arbitrators, in those Pofsessions, the remaining Individuals, of the above mentioned Commission shall be equally authorized to proceed to the Judgment of such Slave Ships as may be brought before them, and to the Execution of their Sentence; in this case alooe, however, the Parties interested shall have the Riglit of appealing from* (he Sentence, if they think fit, to the Commissioo resident is the Brazili; and the Government to which the Captor shall belong shall be bound fully to defray the Indemnification which shall be due to them, if the Appeal be judged in favour of the Ckum-ants, it being well understood that the Ship and Cargo shall remain daring this Appeal in the Place of Residence of the First Com-mission before whom (he may have been conducted; and it was in the said Regulation agreed to supply, as soon as possible, every Vacancy that may ante in the above mentioned Commissions from Death or any other Contingency \ and in case that the Vacancy of each of the Portngue/e Coramissioners redding in the Briti/k Possessions be not supplied at the End of Six Months, the Veffib which are taken there to be judged, after the Expi&tion of dut time, shall no longer have the Right of Appeal hereinbefore stipulated: And it was also further provided and declared and agreed, m a separate Article, that as loon as die total Abolition o? the Slave Trade for the Subjects of the Crown of Pertngd shall have taken Place, the Two High Contra&ing Parties, by common Consent, will adapt to that State of Circomfiaaces tbs

' Stipulations

i A.D. 1818.

58# GEO. IIL

C. 85.

363

* Stipulation* of the said Additional Convention of the Twenty

* eighth July hereinbefore recited; bnt in Default of such Altera-

* tions, that the said Additional Convention shall remain in force i 4 until the Expiration of Fifteen Years from the Day on which tfce i 4 general Abolition of the Slave Trade shall so take place on the Part

4 of the Portuguese Government; and that the said separate Article 4 shall .have the same Force and Validity as if it were inserted Word i 4 for Word in the said Additional Convention hereinbefore mentioned; 4 as aforesaid: And Whereas it is expedient and necefTary that

4 effectual Provision (kould be made for carrying into Execution ! 4 the Provisions of the said Treaty Be it therefore ena£ted by

i The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice apd Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common*, in this»present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

! That it shall be lawful for any Officers commanding any Ship of \ War of His Majesty, duly authorized in that behalf; and provided r with Inftru&ions according to the Provision* of the said Convention, to visit and detain all Ships and Vessels which shall be suspected, upon { reasonabie Grounds, of having Slave* on board acquired by an illicit t Traffic, according to the Article* of the said Convention, and to i detain and bring to Adjudication all Ships, Vessels apd Cargoes)thereby made subject to Detention and Condemnation, according to I the Provisions of the said Convention, and the Inftru&iont and Regu-, ilationa aforesaid.

i II. And be it further enacted, That all Ships and Vessels, belong-j mg wholly or in part to His Majesty's Sobjects, which shall be, suspected upon reasonabie Grounds of having Slaves on board ac-{ quhred by aw illicit Traffic, shall be and are hereby declared and made, according to the said Treaty, Convention and Regulations aforesaid, subject to the Visitation of British or Portuguese Vessels of War, duly authorized for that Purpose, according to the Provisions before recited; and that all Ships and Vpfiels belonging wholly or in part to His Majesty's Subjects, which shall be found having Slaves on board acquired by an illicit Traffic, contrary to the Treaty, Convention and Regulations so recited as aforesaid, and all Boats, Apparel, Furniture and Slaves belonging to such. Ships or Veffel6, and all Cargoes therein, shall be and are hereby.declared to be.and made subject to the Visit and Detention of British or Portuguese Vsffels of War duly-authorized for that Purpose, according to the Stipulations of the said Convention, and to Forfeiture according to the Provisions of the said Convention, and the Regulations and In-ftruftions thereunto annexed, and for that Purpose shall be and are hereby made subject to the Adjudication of, and to Condemnation or other Judgment by the Commtflary Judges and Commissioners to be appointed according to the Provisions of the said Convention, and to the Inftru&ions and Regulations annexed thereto, recited as aforesaid.

III. And be it farther enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Warrant under His Royal Sign Manual, counter-figned by One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, to appoint such Coramifiary, Judges and Commissioners of Arbitration as are in and by the said Convention and Regulations thereto annexed, mentioned to be appointed by His Majesty, and from time to time to (apply any Vacancies which may aqfe in such Offices, by appointing

other

Bricjfh Ships of War duly authorized may seize all Vessels acting contrary to the said Convention.

British VelTel* trading in Slaves, or ailing contrary to the Convention, subject to Visit tnd Detention hy Portuguese or British Vessels, and to Condemnation by the Commissioners, &c.

His Majesty may appoint Commissary Judges and CommifiioiMrs of Arbitration.

C. 85.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

Their Power.

And miy appoint Secretary and Regiflrar with Salaries, who are to execute the Duties of their Office.

How Vacancies in Commission to be 6Ued up.

Commiflaty Judges, Com. missioners of Arbitration, and Secretary to take Oaths for due Execution of Office,

other Persont thereto; and to grant Salaries to fach Commifiary Judges and Commissiooers of Arbitration as aforesaid9 not exceeding such Annual Sums as the Lords Commissioners- of His Maje&j'i Treasury of Great Britain and Ireland shall from time to -time dircd; and such Commifiary Judges and Com missioners are hereby authorized and empowered to examine and decide all such cafe& of Detention, Captures and Seizures of VefTels and their Cargoes as aforesaid, detained* seized, taken or captured under the said Treaty or Coo?eQ-tion, or Inftru&ioria and Regulations! as are by the said Treaty, Convention, Inftru&ioos and Regulations, and by this Act, made subject to their Jurisdiction, and to proceed therein, and give fach Judgments and make such Orders therein, and to do all other Act, matters. and things- appertaining thereto, agreeably to the Provifiooi of the said Treaty and Convention, and the Inftru&ions and Regu-lations annexed thereto and recited as aforesaid, as fully andeffedudly to all Intents and Purposes as if special Powers and Authoring were specifically and particularly inserted and given in relation thereto in this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His

Majesty, by any Warrant under His Royal Sign Manual, counter, signed by One of His Majesty'* Principal Secretaries of State for the time being, to nominate and appoint a Secretary or Regiibv to the Commission which, shall be established in His Majesty^i Dominions, and from time to time to supply, by other Appoint* meats, any Vacancy which may thereafter occur in such Office, and to grant Salarietto such Secretary or Regiftrar, not exceeding fach Annual Sum as the said Lords Commissiooers shall from time to time direct; and such Secretary or Regiftrar is hereby respectively, authorized and empowered to do, perform and execute ail the Duties of such Office, as set forth and described in the said Convention, In-ftru&ions and Regulations respectively hereinbefore recited as aforesaid, and to do, perform and execute all such Acts, matters and things as may be necefTary for the due Discharge of the Duties of his Office, according to the Provisions of the said Convention and Inftru&ions and Regulations as aforesaid. ...

V. And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for the Governor or Lieutenant Governor or Principal Magistrate of the Colony or Settlement in which the Commission shall fit, within the Pofiefuons of His Britannic Majesty, to fill up every Vacancy which shall arise in such Commission, either of Cpmmiflary Judge, Com* missioner or any Officer thereof, appointed by His Majesty as aforesaid, according to the Provisions contained in the before redted Regulations annexed to the said Convention as aforesaid, ad interim, until such Vacancy or Vacancies shall be thereafter filled by some Person or Persons appointed by His Majesty for that Purpose.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Commifiary Judge and Commissioner of Arbitration, appointed by His Majesty, shall, before he shall enter upon the Execution of any of the Duties of such his Office, take an Oath", in the Presence of the Principal Magistrate then residing and acting in the Colony, Settlement or Place in which the Commimon shall be appointed to reside; which Oath every fach Magistrate in any Colony, Settlement .or Place belonging to His Majesty, in which such Court or Commission shall be appointed, is

6 hereby

58* GEO. III.

365

C. 85.

hereof authorized to administer, in the Form following; that is to say,

4 J A. B* do solemnly swear, That I will, according to the best 4 of my Skill and Knowledge, ad in the Execution of my

4 Office as faithfully, impartially, fairly and

4 without Preference or Fayour, either for Claimants or Captcrf,

* or any other Persons; and that I will, to the'best of my Judg-4 meat and Power, *ad in pursuance of and according to the Stipul-

* ations, Regulations and Instructions contained in the Convention

* between His Majesty and His most Faithful Majesty, figned'at ' London on the Twenty eighth Day of September One thousand eight

* hundred and seventeen. So help me GOD.'

And every Secretary or Regiftrar appointed by His Majesty under the Provisions ot the Treaty, and Regulations and Instructions, and of this Act, shall, before ne enters on the Duties of his said Office, take the like Oath before the British 'CommifTary Judge as aforesaid, who is hereby empowered to- administer the same..

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissary Judges, or either of them, or for any such Secretary or Regiftrar, and they are hereby respectively empowered, to administer Oaths to and take the Depositions of all Parties, Witnesses and other Persons who may come or be brought before them to be examined, or for the Purpose of deposing, in the Course of any Proceeding before the said Commissary Judges, or before the said Commissary Judges, and the Commissioners of Arbitration, in the cases in which such Commissioner of Arbitration shall act with the said Commissary Judges, under the said Convention, Instructions or Regulations, or this Act; and it shall also be lawful for the said Commissary Judges, or for the said Commissary Judges and Commissioners of Arbitration, in the cases aforesaid, to iumraon before them all Persons whom they may ddem it necessary or proper to ox-amine, in relation to any Suit, Proceeding or matter or thing under their Cognizance, and to fend for and issue Precepts for the producing of all such Papers as may relate to the matters in question before them, and to enforce all such Summonfes, Orders and Precepts by such and the like Means, Powers and Authorities as any Court of Vice Admiralty may do.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, in any Examination, or Demolition or Affidavit had or taken upon or in any Proceeding before the said Commissary Judges or Commissioners aforesaid, under thr said Treaty, Instructions or Regulations, or this Act, shall be deemed guilty of Perjury, and being thereof convicted, shall be subject and liable to all the Punishments, 'Pains and Penalties to which Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Peijury are liable; and every such Person may be tried for any such Peijury, either in the Place where the-Offence was committed, or in any Colony or Settlement of His Majesty near thereto, in which there is a Court of competent Jurisdiction to try any such Offence, or in His Majesty's Court of King's Bench in England; and that in case of any Profe-cution for fqch Offence in His Majesty's said Court of King's Bench, the Venue may be laid in the County of.Middlesex.

IX- And be it further enacted, That the Pendency of any Suit or Proceeding instituted before the said Commissioners for the Condemnation

Commissary Judges and Commissioners, and their Secretary, may administer Oaths to Wit-neffes, &c. and summon Persons and fend for Papers, &c.

Persons giving false Evidence Perjury.

Suit pending before, or Judgment by any

such Comm if-

sso

lion, may be pleaded in Bar or given in Evidence in any Action brought for any thing done under the Treaty.

ProvKo for Ju-rifdiftion of Priae Courts of Appeal, and High Court of Admiralty.

Provision in case of Captor* not eltablilhing their Rights.

j Sit*

Proviso for Act* for Soppreftion of the Slave Trade.

General IfTue pleaded.

C. 85. 58° GEO. III. A.D. 18li

demnation or RefUtution of any Ship or Cargo of Slaves tikes, seized or detained by virtue of the said Convention, or Inftruftiou or Regulations thereto annexed, or the final Adjudication, Condemnation or Judgment or Determination thereupon, may be pleaded in Bar, or given in Evidence under the General IfTue, and shall be and be deemed and adjudged in any Court whatever to be a good and complete Bar in any Action, Suit or Proceeding, whether brought or instituted by any Person or Persons, for the Recovery of any such Ship, VelTel or Cargo, or of any Damage or far any Injury sustained thereby, or by the .Persons. on board the same, ii consequence of any Capture, Seizure or Detention, or Act, matter or thing done under the Authority or in pursuance of the ProvilioH of the said Convention, or of the Instructions or Regulations thereto annexed; any thing in any A & or Alts of parliament, or Law or Laws to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lords CommiQioners of Appeal in Prize Causes, and for the High Court of Admiralty, in all cases and Questions afifiog out of the said Captures that may be depending before them, or that may be* brought before them on Appeal from any Vice Admiralty Court, according to their respective Jurisdictions, to proceed therein, and to hear and determine all Questions respecting any Right or Id-tereft in or to the same, to which His Majesty, or the Captors or Seizors of such Ships, Vessels or Cargoes, may claim te be entitled, by reason of the Capture or Seizure tliereof and the Laws relating thereto, and to enforce their Judgments and Orders therein by the usual Process of the said Courts; any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithftajjding.

XI. Provided alio, and be it further enacted, That in all such cases as aforesaid in which the Captors or Seizors shall not establish any Right or Interest on their behalf, by reason of the Capture thereof and the Laws relating thereto, it shall be lawful for the said. Courts respectively to Order and adjudge .the Ships, VefTelund Cargoes, or the Proceeds thereof, and all and every Part thereof, into or to or which f the Captors shall not establish any Right or Interest as aforesaid, to be delivered or paid, for the Use of His Majesty, to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners of His Majesty'i Treasury shall appoint for the time being to receive the same, and to enforce the Delivery or the Payment thereof by tbemfual Procefi as is used and established by Law in cases of Prize; any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be deemed or construed in anywise to alter, fuf-pend, affest, relax or repeal any of the Clauses, Penalties, Foi'feitiun or Punishments contained and enacted in any Act or Acts of Parliament made for the Suppression or Prevention of the Slave Trade; but that all such Acts of Parliament, and all Clauses, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures and Punishments therein respectively contained, shall remain in full Force and Virtue; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding,

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commeneed, either in Great Britain or elsewhere, br against any Person or Persons, for any thing done in pnrfuance of the said Treaty, or Instructions or Regulations thereto annexed, or of this Act, the

Defendant

58 GEO. III.

C. 85—88,

S67

Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General I flue, and give tins Act as herein recited, and the fpedal matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of the said Convention, In&ruftiont or Regulations, or of this Act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall And for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or disconttnue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants. shall have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given, upon any Verdict or Demurrer, against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as Defendants have in other cases by Law,

CAP, LXXXVL An Act for raising the Sum of Eleven millions six hundred thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

[5th June 1818.]

[This A3 it the same at 57 G. 3. c. a. except at to Datet and Sumt, and that the Proviso for Aiteration, &c. during the SeJJxon contained in ScQion 8* of that A8 it omitted in this Afi.J

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act for raising the Sum of Eight hundred thousand Pounds British Currency, by Treasury Bills, in Irelandi for the Service of* the Year One thousand eight hundred and eighteen. [5th Jun^ 1818.]

{This A8 it the same at 57 G. 3. c« 81. except at to Dates and Sumt. 3

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act to amend Two Acts made in t&e lad Session of Parliament, for authorizing the Ifliie of Exchequer Bills, and the Advance of Money for carrying on Public Works and Fisheries, andEmployment of the Poor; and to extend the Powers of the Commissioners appointed for carrying the said Acts into Execution in Ireland. [5th June 1818.3

WHEREAS by an Act made in the lad Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to authorise the Issue of Exchequer 4 Billst and the Advance of Money out of the Consolidated Fund to a 4 limited Amount, for the carrying on of Public works and Fijheries 4 in the United Kingdom, and Employment of the Poor in Great Bri-* tain, in manner therein mentioned; it is among other things enacted, «that at any time after the passing of the said Act, by or out of 4 such Monies as shall at any. tim* or times remain in the Receipt 4 of the Exohequer of Ireland, \ or out of the growing Produce of 4 .the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom arising in Inland 4 (after paying or reserving fufficierit to pay all such Sum and Sums 4 of Money as have been direftfed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid in Ireland out of the said Consolidated Fund), *'there should and might be issued, by Order of the Lord Lieutenant

4 or

Treble Cbi*.

57 G.3.C.3*

§5-

C. 88.

A.D. 1818.

Commissioners, with Approbation of Lord Lteuteuaot, nuy advance Money for Public Works under Dhre&ion of any Corporation or Commissioners, on the Credit of the Rates, &c. or on the Credit of Presentmerts to be made by Grand Juries, as herein men-.tioned.

Money to be advanced at (n-rereft from 5L*to 61. per Cent, to be repaid by loftalmenta.

Grand Juries may make Pre-fen tments for any Public Works, in order to obtain Advances of Money for the same,

58° GEO. III*

< or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time be*

< ing, from time to time, in manner and under the Regulations in

* the said Act mentioned and contained, any Sum or Sums of Money«not exceeding in the whole the Sam or Two hundred and fifty

* thousand Pounds, to be applied to the Purposes of the said Act,

< in manner and under the Regulations therein mentioned; and it

< was also enacted, that it fhoula be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant

< or other* Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time 4 being to appoint such Persons as he or they should think fit to be

* Commissioners for the Execution of the said Act in Ireland, in«manner therein mentioned: And Whereas the said recited Act was

< amended by another Act made in the same Session of Parliament,

* and it is expedient that the said recited Acts shall be amended in

* manner hereinafter mentioned; * Be it therefore enacted by The King*8 Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confeot of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, 'in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners for the time being for the Execution of the said recited Acts in Ireland, by and with the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to make any Advance of Money under the said recited Acts and this Act in Aid of any Public Work carried oh under the Direction of any Corporation in Irelasd, or of any Commissioners appointed by Parliament, or by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, upon the Credit of any Rates, Rentsr Tolls or Profits which are or shall be levied, paid &nd applied under the Authority or Control'of any such Corporation, or of any Commissioners or Persons so appointed; and also to make any such Advances upon the Credit of any Preferment to be made by the Grand Jury of any County, or County of a City dr County of a Town, provided that such Pre* fentment be made in the manner hereinafter mentioned and directed; and that in all cases where any Advance of Money shall be mtde upon the Credit of any such Rates, Rents, Tolls or Profits, or of such Prefen tments, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Com* missionerS, by and with the Consent aforesaid, to direct such Advance to be made upon One or more Mortgage or Mortgages, Affigument or Assignments of such Rates, Rents, Tolls or Profits only, without requiring any personal Security for the same; and also to advance any Sum or Sums of Money, under the Provisions of the said recited Acts and this Act, at such Rate of Interect, not less than Five Pounds per Centum, nor more than Six Pounds per Centum, as to the said Commissioners shall Teem fit, and to provide that the principal Money so to be advanced shall be repaid by Instalments in any Sum or Sums not less than Five Pounds per Centum per Annum of the principal Motley so lent or advanced, as the said Comtmffionert dull think fit.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Grand Jury of a County, or County of a City, or County of a Town, at any Affixes, or if in the County of Duhh*> or County of the City of Dublin, in any presenting Term, to pre* sent any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purpose of any Public Work which is by the Laws now in force competent for them to pre-sent, in order to obtain Advances of Money from the said

A. D. 1818.

48° GEO. III,

C. 88.

SG9

Commissioners, and to set forth in such Preferment that such Sum or Sums of Money shall be raised and levied by yearly Instalments of not less than Five Pounds per Centum of the whole Sum to be expended, and likewise to present a Sum sufficient to pay the annual Interest of such Sum or Sums to be so expended, at a Rate not less than Five Pounds per Centum, nor more than Six Pounds per Centum, and to set forth in such Preferment what Part thereof shall be raised upon any Barony or Baronies in such County, or on the County at large; and that the Treasurer of such County, County of a City, or County of a Town, fhalT from time to time, without further Authority or Preferment in that behalf, insert in his Warrant, at each Ailizes or presenting Term (if in the Cbunty of Dublin, or County of the City of Dublin), the Portion or Portions so set forth of the Sum so presented, and the Sum for annual Interest thereof; and the same shall be raised and levied in like manner, from time to time, and with like Remedy in case of Non Payment, as all other Money directed by such Warrant is by Law to be levied; and when and so soon as such Preferment shall have been duly certified by the acting Clerk of the Crown to the Commissionera for the Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act, and not sooner, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissionera to advance such Sum of Money so presented, or any Part thereof as hereinbefore mentioned, to the Treasurer of such County, County of a City, or County of a Town, to be applied for the Purpose of accomplishing the Works for which such Preferment or Preferments shall have been made; and all such Money so advanced and paid to such Treasurer shall be accounted for by him in like manner as any other Monies received by him for the Use of such County; and all Securities given by him or in his behalf shall extend to such Money.

III. And be it further enacted, That every such Treasurer re-ceiving any such Money shall pay into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland all such Sums as shall from time to time be received from the Baronial or other Collectors by virtue of the Preferments on account of which such Money shall have been advanced, until the whole Sum advanced shall be repaid, together with Interest for the same, at the Rate at which it shall have been agreed that the same shall be repaid.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That if any Sum or Sums of Money, for Repayment ot which any Preferment or Preferments shall have been made, shall not be obtained from or granted by the said Commissioners for the Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act, within Six Months from the time of making such' Preferment or Preferments, that then and in such case every such Preferment or Presentments, for or on account of which Money shall not have been obtained as aforesaid, shall be auafhed or vacated by the next going Judge of Assize, or by His Majesty's Court of King's Bench if in the County or County of the City of Dublin, at the Affixes or in the Term, as the case may be, next following the Expiration of the said Six Months, any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and if it shall so happen that any Money shall have been raised by virtue of any such Preferment or Preferments, which shall not be required for the Purposes for which it shall have been so raised, the same shall be carried to the Credit generally of the County, or of the County of the Town,

58 Geo. III. B b or

payable by In-Raiments with Interest.

Preferment being certified by Clerk of the Crown to the Committioners, they may advance the Money.

Treasurer to pay Monies received into Exchequer until repaid with Interest.

If Money not advanced in Six Months, Preferment quaftied.

Surplus Money raised to be carried to the Credit of the County, «tc.

C, 88.

58° GEO. 1IL

370

Advances on Credit of Pre-fentments may be made upon Mortgage or Alignment of Preferments, with Interect, whereof Notice shall be given to the County Treasurer.

Notice of Security to Treasurer of Comity.

No Bond or ocher Security, Affidavit, Receipt, fcc. Ueble to Stamp Duty.

or of the County of the City, whereon the fane shall have been levied by the Treasurer of fuck County, or County of a Town, or County of a City respectively.

V. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any Advance or Advances of Money shall be required to be made on the Security of any Presentment or Preferments directed by any A A or Act of Parliament in force in Ireland to be made by any Grand Jury or Grand Juries in Ireland for any special or particular Purpose or Purposes, or in Aid of any Public Works or Charitable InfbtutioBt carried on under the Management or Direction of any Corporation, or of any Commissioners or Persons appointed as in the said recited A£U and hereinbefore mentioned, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners for the Execution of the said recited A&s and this Act in Irelandy by and with the Consent and Approbation aforefsid, to direct such Advance or Advances to be made upon Mortgage or Alignment of such Preferment or Preferments, without requiring any rerfon or Persons to enter into any personal Security for the same, such Advances to be made at such Rate of Interect, not left than Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, nor more than Six Pounds per Centum per Annumy as to the said Commissioners for the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act in Ireland shall seem fit} and provided that the principal Sum or Sums to be so advanced shall be repaid by Inflalments of not less than Five Pounds per Centra per Annum on the original principal Sum advanced as the said Commissioners shall think nt; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners for the Execution of the said recited Acts and this Act, to take and accept a Mortgage or Mortgages of such Preferment or Presentmenta, for securing the Repayment of such Advance or Advances and the Interest thereof5 or to advance Money upon the Credit of such Preferment or Preferments, to be secured by any such Deed or Deeds or other Instrument, or by such other Method as shall be deemed necessary for that Purpose by the said Commissioners; and that it (kali and may be lawful to and for the Grand Jury, who shall be sworn at such Aflizca, or at such Term if in the County of Dubliny or County of the City of Dublin, as the case may be, at which such Preferment shall have been made, to assign such Preferment, and the Money to be derived thereby, to ths said Commissioners, by such Deed or Instrument as shall be required by the said Commissioners; Notice of which Deed or Deeds or such Security shall be given in Writing to the Treasurer or Treafuren of the County or Counties upon which the Presentment or Presentmeott so to be aisigned, mortgaged or secured shall have been directed to be raised j and from thenceforth such Treasurer or Treasurers shall be accountable for the due and regular Payment of the annual Surat so agreed to be repaid in discharge of fuen principal Sujns and the Is* terest thereof, at the times and in the manner set forth in such Peed or Deeds of Assignment or Mortgage to be executed as aforesaid; sad all Securities given by him or {hem, or pn his or their behalf ffujfl extend to. such Money.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Boud to His Majesty, nor any Mortgage, Surrender, Assignment or other Inftrujnent or Aflur* ance taken by the said Commissioners in Ireland in the Nag* of their Secretary for the time being, of otherwise, tender the said recited Act or this Act, nor any Examination, Affidavit, Dspofitipn, Receipt

A.D. 1818,

58° GEO. III.

371

C. 88, 88.

or Consent by Sureties or Surety to an Extension of time granted by the said Commissioners for Payment of any Exchequer Bills, or Money advanced to any Principal by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act j nor any Receipt or other Document which may be taken or made under and by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, and for the Purpose of carrying the said Acts and this Act into Execution in Ireland* shall be liable to any Stamp Duty whatever; any thing in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary in anywise not with Handing.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Forty third Tear of His present Majesty, as requires the Attendance of Magistrates on board Veffeis carrying Passengers from the United Kingdom to His Majesty's Plantations or to Foreign Parts. [5th June 1818.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the 43 c. 56.

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the Vessels carrying Pajfcngert from the United Kingdom to Hie Majesty*! Plantations and Settlements Abroad, or to Foreign Parts, with refpeS to the Number of such Paffengere, it is among ft other things enacted, that it shall and may be lawful for the Col- $ 4* lector. Comptroller or Surveyor of the Customs of the Port or Place at which any such Ship or Vessel shall be cleared out, or in the Absence of such Collector, Comptroller and Surveyor, the resident Officer of the Customs at the Port, together with any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace or other Magistrate, if such Justice or Magistrate can be found at such Port or Place, or within a convenient Distance thereof, and such Collector or Comptroller or such resident Officer, together with such Justice or Magistrate, is hereby directed and required to muster the Passengers and Crew on board every such Ship or Vessel immediately before failing, and to compare the Persons found on board with the Persons specified and described in the said Muster Roll, delivered by such Master or other Person aforesaid, and to search and infped every such Ship or Vessel: And Whereas the Attendance of Justices or Magistrate* required by the said Act has been found inconvenient, and it is expedient to remedy the same Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so repealed, much of the Provisions contained in the said recited Act, as require*

His Majesty's Justices of the Peace or other Magistrate to muster the Passengers and Crew on board every such Ship or Vessel, or as re-guires any other matter or thing to be executed or performed by Midi Justice or Magistrate, with regard to such Ships or Vessels and the Passengers and Crew on board the same, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and it shall and may be lawful for the Collector or Colleflor or Comptroller, or other proper Officer of the Customs, and he and they Comptroller of is ana are hereby empowered and required to do, execute and per- Customs to perform all and finguhr the matters and things required by the said fortn the Dutle, ; Ad to be done, executed and performed by such Justice or Magistrate.

B b 2 CAP.

Bb 2

58° GEO. III.

A. D. 1818.

CAP. XC.

51 G. 3. c.x.

Members of Her Majesty's Council appointed. Her Majesty empowered to appoint others in case of Death, Ice.

An Act to alter and amend certain of the Provisions of an AQ. passed in the Fifty first Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An AB to provide for the Administration of the Royal Authority and for the Care of His Majesty's Royal\ Petfon, during the Continuance of His Majesty's lllnefs; and for the Resumption of the Exercise of the Royal Authority by His Majesty.

[5th June 1818.]

WHEREAS due attention to the Care of Her Most Excellent Majesty's Health may require that Her Majesty should be 4 occasionally absent from Hia Most Excellent Majesty's Place of 4 Residence, and it is expedient that at such times One or more 4 Members of Her Majesty's Council, as it may please Her Majesty 4 to order and diced, should personally attend at His Majesty's Place 14 of Residence: And Whereas several of the present Members of Her 4 Majesty's Council, appointed under the Authority of an Act passed 4 in the Fifty first Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to 4 provide for the Administration of the Royal Authority, and for tht 4 Care of His Majesty's Royal Person, during the Continuance of Hu 4 Majesty's lllnefs, and for the Resumption of the Exercise of the Royal 4 Authority by His Majesty, by reason of their official Doties are 4 frequently unable to give such personal Attendance, and it it 4 therefore fit that the Number of the Members of such Council 4 should be increased: ' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That George Earl of Macclesfield, William Lord Bishop of London, Alleyne Lord Saint Helens, and Morton Lord Henley, shall be and are hereby constituted and appointed Members of Her Majesty's said Council; and if it should happen that any of them should depart this Life, or by Id-ftrument in Writing signify to Her Majesty their Intention to decline to ad, that then it shall be lawful for Her Most Excellent Majesty, by any Inftruipent or Instruments in Writing, revocable at HerWiH and Pleasure, to nominate and appoint some one Person, being or having been a Member of His Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council, to be a Member of Her Majesty's said Council in the room or place of each and every of them so departing this Life, or declining to ad as aforesaid; every of which Members hereby constituted and appointed, and so to be nominated and appointed, shall have such and the like Powers and Authorities, and execute and difebarge such and the like Duties, as any of the present Members of Her Mi-jesty's Council now hath, or can or may execute or discharge under the Provisions and Authorities made and given by the said before mentioned Ad, first taking the Oath required to be taken by the Members of Her Majesty's Council by the said Act, in the manner and at the time thereby prescribed; provided that every such Nomination and Appointment so to be made by Her Majesty as aforesaid shall be forthwith certified by an Instrument in Writing, signed and sealed by Her Majesty, to the Lords of His Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council, and shall be entered in the Books of the said Privy Council.

II. And

A. D. 1818.

58° GEO. HI.

C. 90.

373

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so ji0.3. c. z. much of the said Act, passed in the Fifty first Year of His Majesty's § «

Reign, as ena&s, that in the case therein for that Purpose mentioned,

The Regent of the United Kingdom should forthwith order and direct a Proclamation to be iffiied under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom, and published, declaring as in the said Act is directed; and alio so much of the said Act as enads, as therein is enacted, in case such Proclamation so ordered and directed by The Regent should issue, touching the Meeting and Sitting of the Parliament at that time in being, or of the last preceding Parliament, or of a new Parliament, in the respective cases in which it is by the said Act provided that such Parliaments respectively should immediately meet, convene and fit; shall be and the same is hereby repealed..repealed.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That In what case the if the case shall happen in which it was enacted by the said Act, that c, rf of

The Regent should forthwith order and direct such Proclamation to be issued and published as aforesaid, then, from and immediately after the same shall happen, the Care of Hia Majesty't sacred Person, Couoeil, until and all and every the Powers and Authorities veiled in Her Majesty Parliament make by Parliament touching the Care of His Majesty's Person, and the Prwifion ihere-difposing, ordering and managing all matters and things relating in* thereto, shall become veiled and continue veiled in Her Majesty's Council, until Parliament shall make due Provision relating thereto, in like manner and as fully as such Care, Powers and Authorities were veiled or intended to be veiled in such case by the before mentioned Ad of the Fifty first Year of His Majesty's Reign in Her Majesty's Council, until such due Provision should have been made according to the said Act.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That }n case, and if such case as aforesaid shall happen, and the Parliament in being at jf

the time shall then be separated. The Regent shall forthwith cause clarion to*Ss* to be issued and published a Proclamation under the Great Seal of issued for Meet-the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, declaring that ins within 60 such case hath happened, and requiring the said Parliament to meet Day** and fit at Westminster at the Day to which such Parliament had been adjourned or prorogued, or upon some Day to be mentioned in such Proclamation, and being within Sixty Days, to be computed from the Date of such Proclamation, and the Parliament shall thereby be deemed and taken to be duly prorogued to such Day so to be mentioned in such Proclamation.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That If no Parlm-

if such case as aforesaid shall happen, and there shall be no Parliament «nd frch

in being at the time, and the lame shall happen before the Day ap- 5?ptnf bt"

pointed by any Writs of Summons then issued for calling and afiem- °

bling a new Parliament, then and in such case The Regent shall pointed by forthwith cause to be issued and published a Proclamation under Writ of Sum-the Great Seal aforesaid declaring that such case hath happened, and mon., »p.*?cla-requiring such new Parliament to convene and fit at Westminster, **

either upon the Day appointed by such Writs of Summons for affem* t^2#men" bling the new Parliament, or upon some Day to be mentioned in such Proclamation, and being within Sixty Days, to be computed from

the Date of such Proclamation; and in such latter case, upon the Day appointed by the said Writs of Summons for affembung the

B b 3 new

C. $0.

58 GEO. III.

A.D.181S.

If fucti case hap pen on or after Day appointed by such Writ, Proclamation issued as herein mentioned.

.17 0.3.0127, ^3

*1 G.3. c. X. 5

In case of Demise of His Majesty, or of The Regent, subsequent to

Diftbiution or

ew Parliament, the same shall in the due and accustomed manner be prorogued to such Day so to be mentioned in such Proclamation.

VL And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if such case as aforesaid shall happen upon or after the Day appointed by any Writ of Summons then issued for calling and assembling a new Parliament, and before such new Parliament shall have met and fat as a Parliament, then and in such case The Regent shall forthwith cause such a Proclamation as aforesaid to be issued and published, declaring that such case hath happened, and requiring the new Parliament either to convene and fit at Westminster immediately after such Proclamation shall have been published, or upon some Day to be mentioned in such Proclamation, and being within Sixty Days, to be computed from the Date of the said Proclamation; and in each cait the Parliament so convening and fitting shall be and be deemed to be a Parliament to all Intents and Purposes under the Provisions of this Act.

* VII. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty seventh Yew 4 of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A8to Jboria 4 the time now required for giving Notice of the Royal Intention of 4 Hu Majesty, His Heirs and Succejfbrs, that the Parliament Jbeil 4 meet and he holden for the Difpateh of Bujinefs, and more efiSnallj 4 to provide for the Meeting of Parliament in the case of a Dewife 4 of the Crown; it is amongst other things enacted, that in the 4 ease of the Demise of His Majesty, His Heirs or Succefion, fob-4 sequent to the DifTolutioo or Expiration of a Parliament, and before 4 the Day appointed by the Writs of Summons for 'affembling a new 4 Parliament, the last preceding Parliament shall immediately convene 4 and fit at Westminster, and be a Parliament, for such time to ill 4 Intents and Purposes, 'and subject as therein is provided: And

* Whereas by the aforesaid Act passed in the Fifty first Year of Ha 4 Majesty*8 Reign, it is amongst other things enacted, that if Hh 4 Royal Highness The Prince of Wales shall depart this Life daring 4 the Continuance of the Regency by that A6k established, or cetfi

* to be Regent under any of the Prorifions thereof, the Lordi of 4 His Majesty's mod Honourable Privy Council shall forthwith cause 4 a Proclamation to be issued in His Majesty'* Name, under the Greit

* Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, de-

* daring the same)and in case any such Proclamation shall issue tt 4 any time subsequent to the Dissolution or Expiration of a Parlia-4 ment, and before the Day appointed by any Writs of Sdbqbmsi

* then issued for assembling a new Parliament, then and in such case 4 the last preceding Parliament shall immediately convene and fit at 4 Westminster, and be a Parliament, for such time to all Intenta sod 4 Purposes, and subject as therein is mentioned: And Whereat 4 Doubts may arise as to the Effect of the Demise of His Majeflj, 4 and of His Royal Highness The Prince of Wales, Regent, reaped-4 ively, or of His Royal Highness ceasing to be Regent as afoiesaid, 4 subsequent to the Dissolution or Expiration of a Parliament, and 4 before the Day appointed by any Writs of Summons then issued 4 for assembling a new Parliament, * with respect to the Execution or 4 further Execution of such Writs of Summons ; * JBe it therefore declared and enacted, That upon such Events respectively taking place as aforesaid subsequent to the Dissolution or Expiration of a Parliament, and before the Day appointed by any Writs of Summons

JLD. 1818,

*6'GEO. III.

375

C.90, 91.

niontf then iffbed for iflembling a new Parliament, such Writ# of Expiration of Summon* shall be and be deemed and taken to be fupeffeded and Parli, mcQt» *nd disc barged, such Event of Hia Majesty'* Demise being notified by b*fore.^*y af>" Proclamation under the Great 8eal, and such the Demise of The Meeting0^* Prince of Wales a* aforesaid, or hie ceasing to be Regent at aforesaid, new Parliament, being notified by Proclamation under the Great Seat, so eaufed to the Writs of be ilitied by the Lords of His Majesty'* most Honourable Privy Summons shall Council, and that Persone respectively charged with the Execution thereof shall not proceed or farther proceed m the Execution of such Ewnti**fnch Writs 5 and all A6U before done or afterwards done in the ^ng n<xified by Execution thereof shall be deemed and taken to be invalid and of no Proclamation.

Efiea.

VIII. Provided neverthelefa, and be it tfna&ed by the Authority Prorifofor A£b aforesaid, That nothing herein contained, nor any Ad which shall be P*fovidinS **, rplhe done by virtue hereof, shall be deemed or taken to repeal, or m any lUmVntta cafo Manner to alter or afted* otherwise than ia herein exprefsfy pro* of D*mU* of Tided, the Provisions of any Act or Acts of Parliament heretofore His Majesty, passed and now in force, so far as the same regulate, require? or &c. provide for the meeting, convening and fitting of Parliament i/* case of the Demise of His Majesty, or His Heir or Heirs, Suceeflbr of Suceefibrs, or in case The Regent shall depart this Life or eeafe to be Regent, or to repeal, alter or affect the Provision heretofore made by any Ad now in force for (hortentng the time which had before been required for giving Notice of the Royal Intention1 that the Parliament should meet and be holden for the Difpatcb of Business.

CAP. XCI.

An Act for appointing Commissioners to inquire concerning Charities in England for the Education of the Poor.

[10th June 1818.]

4 TK7HEREAS it is highly expedient that an Inquiry should be 4 W made, by Coraraimoner* to be fpeoiaily appointed, into the 4 Amount, Nature and Application of the Produce of any EAntes

* or Funds which hare from time to time been devised or otherwise 4 appropriated by pious and well disposed Persons to the Purpose of

* the Education of the Poor; and whether any Breaches of Trust,

* Irregularities or Abuses have been practised or happened in the 4 Management and Employment thereof, and whether, by Change of 4 Circumstances or other Causes, the same cannot be beneficially ap-' plied for the Purposes originally intendedBe it therefore enacted by The King's MoA Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice arid Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, iri this

pvefent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Commlflioner* it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty to issue a CommifEoit appointed to in* under the Great Seal to any* Number of Persons not erceediiig Four-- into the teen, > who shall be constituted Comm&ffioners for the Purposes intended by this Act; and that they the said Commissionets or any Three of* ent ciuiri-thetfi shall and they are hereby empowered and required to examine ties connected xfltty and irtveftigate the Amount, - Nature and- Application of all with Education Efbmwaad Funds, of what Nature or Kind soever, and the Product of th* Poor, thereof destined or intended to- be applied to- the Purpose of edu*>

Ottriug the Poor in- England and Wales, in (b fhr as fudh Produce shall appear XU be defined or applied for the Purpose Of educating

B b 4 the

C.91

58° geo. HI.

A.D.1818.

To report Half Yewly to Tlte King and Parliament.

And in eases where Estates cannot be applied.

Oath to be ad-ministered to Commissioners.

Salaries to a certain Number of Commissioners.

Appointment of Secretary,

the Poor, and to examine into and investigate all Breached of Trust, Irregularities, Frauds, Abuses or fuppofea Abuses or Mifcondust, in relation to and in the Management or Appropriation or Nonappro-priation or Mifappropriation of such £ dates and Funds; and the said Commissioners or any Three of them shall, once in each Half Year during the Continuance of the said Commission, report and certify, in Writing under their Hands and Seals, to The King1* Most Excellent Majesty, and to both House9 of Parliament, their Proceedings, touching the Amount, Nature, Management, Application and Appropriation of such of the aforesaid Estates and Funds as they shall hare inquired and examined into, and also what it the Nature of such Estates and Funds respectively, and the actual annual Produce thereof, and what is the actual annual Value thereof, and in whose Possession as Tenants thereof, any Part thereof confiding of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments shall be, adding at the same time such Observations as shall occur to them respecting such Mode as they shall deem most effectual for the recovering of such Part or Parts of such Estates.or Funds as shall appear to them to have been applied in breach of the several Trusts created in respect oT the same, or shall appear to have been omitted to be applied in pursuance of such Trusts, and subjoining such Suggestions as may seem to them expedient respecting the most effectual Mode of securing such Estates and Funds, and their respective Produce, again ft any future Mifcp-plication thereof.

II. And be it further enacted, That if upon such Inquiry as aforesaid, it shall appear to the said Commissioners that from any Cause whatsoever it has become impossible to apply the Estates or Fundi aforesaid, or any Part thereof, to the Purposes to which the same were destined or directed to be applied, the said Commissioners shall report the special Circumfiances of each case.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners to be appointed by virtue of this Act shall each of them, previously to his entering upon the Execution of the same, take an Oath before the Chancellor of the Exchequer or the Master of the Rolls for the time being (which Oath they are hereby respectively authorized aod required to administer), the Tenor whereof shall be as followeth; (that is to say, )

* J A. B. do swear that, according to the best of my Skill and ' Knowledge, I will faithfully, impartially and truly execute the 1 several Powers and Trusts veiled in me by an Act intituled An

* A8 \here insert the Title of this A&J, according to the Tenor and 4 Purport of the said Act, *

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Remuneration shall be given, for and in respect of the Execution of this Act, to such of the said Commissioners as shall be Members of either House of Parliament, nor to any Number exceeding Eight of the other Commissioners; but there shall be allowed and paid to every such Commissioner such reasonable Sums, for and in respect of such travelling Ex pence* as may come to be incurred in the Execution of this Aa, as in the Judgment of the Lords Commissioners of His Majeftj's Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer for the time being, shall be deemed requisite; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to appoint and employ such Secretary, Clerks, MefTengers and Officers

A.D.1818.

58° GEO. III.

C. 91

377

cere not exceeding in the whole One Secretary, Four Clerks, Four Mefiengers and Two other Officers, as they shall think meet, and to administer to the said Secretary, Clerks and Officers respectively, an Oath for his true and faithful Demeanour in all things relating to the due Performance of any Trust respecting the Execution of this Act reposed in him by the said Commissioners, and in all other things touching the Premises; which Secretary, Clerks and Officers are hereby required faithfully to execute and perform the said Trust in them federally and respectively reposed, without taking any thing for such their Service, other than such Salary or Reward as the said Com-raiffioners shall think fit to diredfc and appoint in their behalf; and the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer for the time being, are hereby authorized and required to issue and cause to be paid any Sums of Money, not exceeding Four thousand Pounds, to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall by Writing under their Hands desire or direct, out of the Consolidated Fund of'the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Inland; which Sums, when so issued and paid, shall be employed for the Payment to the said Commissioners for their travelling Expences, as also for the Pay-

* ment of such Secretary, Clerks, Mefiengers or other Officers, and in

: defraying ail other necefTary Charges in or about the Execution of

/ the Powers of this Act, and in such manner and in such Proportions

aa shall be appointed by the said Commissioners by Writing under

* their Hands on that behalf, the same to be accounted for by the Person or Persons to .whom the same shall be issued or paid according

\ to the Course of His Majesty'a Exchequer without any Fees or other Charges to be taken or demanded for the ifiuing and Payment of the r' same, on the passing of the said Accounts, other than such Sum as the; said Commissioners shall appoint.

V. And be it further enacted. That for the Purpose of prosecuting the Inquiries and Examinations by this Act directed, the said Com-' missioners or any Three of them shall meet, and from time to time, with or without Adjournment, hold their Sittings within the City of f Westminster, or in any other City, Town, Borough, Hamlet, Village or Place respectively in England, which to them shall appear most convenient for executing the Purposes of this Act; and the said Com-1 missioners are hereby authorized to require, by a Precept under their Hands and Seals, or under the Hands and Seals of any Three of them, from any Person or Persons acting as a Trustee for any of the said Estates or Funds, or having any Concern in the Management or Administration of the same, or in the Payment or Receipt of any of the said Funds or Estates, or any Charge upon any Fund or Estate applicable to the Purposes of Education as aforesaid, to render to the said Commissioners a true Account, as far as consists with their Knowledge, of all that relates to such Funds or Estates as aforesaid under their Trust or Management, or on account of which they may have acted in making or receiving Payments; and, as often as Need shall be, to fend their Precept or Precepts under their Hands and Seals, or under the Hands and Seals of any Three of them, for any Person or Persons whatsoever to attend them, and require such Person or Persons to bring with him or her any Deed, Paper, Writing, Instrument or other Document, being4 in his or her Custody and Possession, and relating to any such Estates or Funds, or the Produce thereof, and to the Receipt or Application or Nonapplication or

Mif-

Clerks, Mef-fengert. See.

No Fee to Secretary , Ac. beyond Salary.

Fund for levelling Expences to Commissioners, and Salary to Officers, Sec.

Commissioners to hold Meetings at various Places, and summon Persons, and fend for Papers.

A

378

C. 91.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Expence* paid and Personi not compelled io travel more than Ten Miles.

Purchasers of Premifei without Notice not bound further to answer Interrogatories, nor to produce Title Deeds, See.

Commissioners empowered to examine upon Oath.

Mortgagees, Trustees, &c. not compellable to produce Deeds, without Notice to Mortgagor, ^.

Nor when liable thereby to Penalties.

Mi (application thereof, which shall in the Judgment of such Coo-missioners be conducive and necessary to the due Execution of the Par-pofes of this Act; and every Person to whom such Precept shall a aforesaid hare been addressed and delivered, is hereby required and dire died punctually to attend the said Commissioners at such time and Place as shall by them for that Purpose have beeu appointed; and to every such Person or Persons shall be paid such Sum of Money at is the Judgment of the said Commissioners shall be just and reasonable: Provided always that no such Person shall be obliged to travel, h obedience to such Precept, more than Ten Miles from his or her Place of Abode.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person who shall be summoned to appear before the said Commissioners, or before any Three of them, shall, upon his or her Examination, aliege, that he or she hath purchased or obtained for valuable Consideration any Eft&te or Interest of, in, to or out of any Lands, Tenements, Rents, Annuities, Hereditaments, Goods or Chattels, touching which he or she shall be fought to be so examined, without Fraud or Covin, ' having no Notice of any Charitable Trust or Use to which the said Lands, Tenements, Rents, Annuities, Hereditaments, Goods or Chattels, or any Charge thereon, have ben given, limited or appointed, then such Person shall not be bound to make further Answer to any Interrogatory of such Commissioners, bot to produce or to (hew to the said Commissioners any Deed, Paper, Writing, Instrument or other Document relating to his or her Eftite or Interest in such Lands, Tenements, Rents, Annuities, Hereditaments, Goods or Chattels.

VII. And for the rendering more effectual all such Examination as are intended to be had under this Act, be it enacted, That the fad Commissioners are hereby authorized to examine upon Oath, or Affirmation of Persons being Quakers (which Oath or Affirmation they or any Three of them are hereby authorized to administer), act Persons whom they are by the Provisions of this A A empowered to call before them to be examined, touching all matters and things necessary for the ExecntiOn of the Powers vested in them by tbs Act.

VIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Person having the Custody of any Deed, Paper, Writing, Instrument or other Document, as Mortgagee, Trustee or Agent, Solicitor or Attorney, shall be compellable to produce the same, or to give any Evidence» to the Contents thereof, without Notice being first given to his Mortgagor, Ceftuique Trust or Principal, and the said Mortgagor, Cef-tuique Trust or Principal, being examined touching the lame by the said Commissioners; and in case such Mortgagor, Ceftuique Trust or Principal shall by the Provifionx of this A6k be exempted fro producing the said Deed, Paper, Writing, Instrument or other Document, then the Mortgagee, Trustee or Agent, Solicitor or Attorney, shall not be bound to produce or (hew the same, or give any Evidence of the Contents thereof, to the said Commissioners: Provided also, that no Person shall be compellable to answer any Qurifcon, or to produce anv Deed, Paper, Writing, Instrument or otter Document, the An&ver to which, or the Production of which, may criminate or tend to criminate such Person* or to erpofir fiicft Person to any Pains or Penalties*

IX. Pro-

58° GEO. III.

C.9L

S79

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three of them from time to time to direct and authorize any Three or more of their own Number to resort to such City, Town, Borough, Hamlet, Village or Place in England as to them the said Commissioners or any Three of them shall appear moll convenient for executing the Purposes of this Act; and that any Three such Commissioners shall hare the same Powers of issuing Precepts, administering Oaths, and conducting the Examinations prescribed by this Act, and under the same Rules and Regulations, as are hereby veiled in the said Commissioners: Provided always, that such Three Commissioners shall and they are hereby required ' to cause the Examinations which shall be taken before them, and all Papers and Documents, being Parts of such Examination, to be from time to time transmitted to the Secretary of the said Com-xniflioners at their Office in Wcjlminjltr aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person, upon Examination on Oath, or being a Quaker upon Affirmation, before the^said Commissioners, or before any Three of them, shall wilfully »nd corruptly give false Evidence, every such Person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as under any Law now in force may be inflicted on Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XI. And be it further enacted. That in case of a Vacancy or Vacancies by the Death, Removal or Resignation of any one of such Commissioners, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to nominate and appoint such Person or Persons as he or they may think proper for the supplying of such Vacancy or Vacancies.

XII. And be it further enacted, That none of the Proviflons hereinbefore contained shall be construed to extend to either of the Univerfi ties of Oxford or Cambridge nor to any College or Hall within the same, nor to any Schools or other Endowment# of which the said Universities, Colleges or Halls are Truftoes, nor to the Colleges of Westminder* Eton or Wincheftr% or to the Cbarterhowfe, or the Schools of Harrow or Rugby>, or any of them, nor to any Cathedral or Collegiate Church within England* nor to any College, Free School or other charitable Institution for the Purposes of Education, which have Special Visitors, Governors or Overseers appointed by their Founders, nor to any Funds applicable to the Purposes of Education for the Benefit of any Persons of the Jewish Periuafion, or the People called Quakers, or Person or Persons of the Roman Catholic Persuasion, and which shall be under the Superintendence and Control of Persons of such Persuasions respectively: Provided always, that the said Commissioners shall report, as hereinbefore directed, the Names of all such Chanties aforesaid as have Special Visitors, Governors or Overseers appointed.

XIII* And be it further enacted, That any Action or Suit which shall be brought or commenced again (I any such Commissionert, for any thing done or acted by him or them under this Act, shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed (in respect of which such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced), and not afterwards; and the Defendant os Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the Getwvnl iffut, and give

Commissioners may appoint Three of their Number to resort to any Place in Kng> land for execur. ing the Purposes of this Act. Examination*, See. sent to Secretary.

Perjury.

Vacancies of Commissioners to be filled up by the Crown.

Proviso for Uniwfities, Public Schools, &c.

Commissionert to report Charities having Special Visitors.

Limitation of Action*.

General IfTue.

C.91, 9 2.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.181S.

Treble CofU.

Act may be altered, Ice. this Seffioo.

Continuance of

xa.

Public Aa.

51 G. 3. c. X06. 54 G.3. c.120.

54 G. 3. c.4/.

this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be bad thereupon; and if such Action or Suit shall be brought or cow-menced after the time so limited for bringing the same, then the Jury ft all find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants 5 and io such case, or if the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants upon the Merits, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs M become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her or their Action after Appearance, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given agamit the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall bait Treble Costs, which he or they shall and may recover in fad and the same manner as any Defendant can by Law in other cases.

XIV. And be it further enacted. That this AA may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Seffioa of Parliament.

XV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue sod be in force until the First Day of Augufi One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and until the End of the next Session of Parliament

XVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Ad, and shall he judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Just ices and others, without being specially pleaded.

CAP. XCII.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Provisions of sevenl AAs, passed in the Fifty first and Fifty second Years re-fpeAively of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enabling Wives and Families of Soldiers to return to* their Homes.

[10th June 1818.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Aa for enabki 4 the Wives and Families of Soldiers embarked for Foreign Soviet, 4 to return to their Homes: And Whereas another Act passed io 4 the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, *intituled An Act to explain, amend and extend the Provisions of st 4 AS passed in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling the ones 4 and Families of Soldiers to return to their Homes, to the Widow, 4 Wives and Families of Soldiers dying or employed on Foreign 4 Service: And Whereas another Act passed in the said Fifty second*Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Ad fnr 4 enabling the Wives and Families of Soldiers embarked in Ireland 4 for Foreign Service, to return to their Homes: And Whereat many 4 Frauds have been practised again fl the Provisions of the said A At, 4 and false Certificates used to procure the Allowances granted*by the same; and it is therefore expedient that effectual Prowfion 4 should be made for the Prevention of such Frauds, and that further 4 and more effectual Provision should be made for enabling the*Wives and Children of Soldiers, embarking from Great Britain or 4 Ireland for Foreign Service, and the Widows and Children of 4 Soldiers dying in the Service, to return to their Homes; and for 4 that Purpose that the said Acts should be consolidated into One 4 Ad, and the Provisions thereof extended and amended: ' Beit therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

* - and

58° GEO. III

C.92,

S81

and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the said several recited Acts shall be > and the same are hereby repealed; save and except as to all cases of any Offences committed, or Frauds practised against the said Acts, and as to any Prosecutions for any such Offences or Frauds, and save and except as to the paying, reimbursing or accounting for any Money under any of the Provisions thereof.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War in Great Britain, or the Chief Secretary, or in his Absence the Under Secretary for the Military Department in Ireland, to ifTue Passes to be filled up by any Magi ft rates or Justices of the Peace under the Provisions of this Act, for granting Allowances to enable the Wives and Widows and Children of Soldiers desirous of returning to their own Homes, in certain cases specified in this Act, and in any other cases in which the Secretary at War in Great Britain, or the said Chief Secretary or Under Secretary in Ireland, shall think, under the special Circumfiances, that it is expedient to give such Allowances; and to make such Rules and Regulations in relation to the issuing and filling up such PafTes, and the Certificates and Vouchers upon which the fam? are to be issued and Allowances advanced, as the Secretary at War in Great Britain, or the said Chief Secretary or Under Secretary in Ireland, shall think fit.

III. And be it further enacted. That the Commanding Officer of every Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Detachment, about to embark for Foreign Service, and the Commanding Officer of every

ament, Battalion, Corps or Detachment, in which any Soldier die on Service, leaving any Widows or Children destitute of the Means of returning to their respective Homes, shall cause a Return to be made out of the Wives, Widows and Children of the Soldiers belonging to such Regiment, Battalion, Corps .or Detachment, who are desirous of returning to their Homes, and are unable to do so without the Assistance of the Allowances authorized by this Act, dating in such Returns the several Places of Residence to which such Wives, Widows and Children are desirous of proceeding, and whether in Great Britain or Ireland respectively; and shall give to every such Wife or Widow a Duplicate of such Part of such Return as shall apply to each* Wife or Widow and her Child or Children respectively, certifying thereon under his Hand, that the Person to whom such Duplicate Certificate is given, is the Widow, Wife or reputed Wife, and the Child or Children of a Soldier in his Regiment, Battalion, Corps or Detachment, and distinctly dating in he Body of such Duplicate Certificate, that the same does not entitle uch Wife or Widow, or Child or Children, to any Allowance whatever, and that no Payment or Allowance whatever shall be made hereupon, but that such Duplicate Certificate is only given for the Purpose of identifying such Wife or Widow, or Child or Children, >efore the Magidrate or Judice, and of enabling him to fill up such Pals as shall be allowed by the Secretary at War in Great Britain, >r Chief Secretary or Under Secretary in Ireland, in that behalf; md every such Commanding Officer mail transmit all such Returns is aforesaid, or Duplicate Copies thereof, as relate to any Wives or Widows of Soldiers desirous of returning to their Homes in Great Britain, to the Secretary at War in London, and of such as are defirous

repealed.

Proviso,

Secretary at War in G. B. and Secretary for Military Department in I. may issue Passes, to be filled up by Magistrates, and make Regulations relating thereto.

Upon Regiments being ordered on Foreign Service, &c. how Women and Children are to be disposed of, and enabled to return to their Homes.

392

C. 92.

58* GEO. III;

A.D. 1818.

Duplicate Pa flea to be taken to Mjgiftrttei, in order to their being filled up and signed ;

end to be certified and Route made cut

by M.igiftrate.

Overseers of the Poor in England, and Treasurer of Kirk Session in Scotland, or Postmaster in Ireland, to make Allowance upon PaflTes;

and Indorl'e.

Money so advanced by Over-feeror Treasurer to be repaid by Collector of Exctfe.

firous bf returning to their Homes in Ireland, to the Chief Secretary or Under Secretary for the Military Department in Dublin g and is every case in which any such Wives, Widows and Children may haw to travel through any Part cf Ireland to proceed to their Homes in Great Britain, or through any Part of Great Britain to proceed to their Homes in Ireland, every such Officer shall transmit Duplicates of such Returns both to the Secretary at War in London and Chief Secretary or Under Secretary aforesaid in Dublin, or of filch Parts thereof as relate to such last mentioned Wives, Widows and Children as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That each Wife or Widow, to whom any such Duplicate shall have been delivered as aforesaid, fell forthwith take the same to some neighbouring Justice or Magistrate, who shall fill up and sign such an engraved Copper Plate Form of Pass, bearing His Majesty's Arms, ana signed by the Secretary it War, or by an Officer in his Department, and sealed with hit Official Seal in Great Britainf or a like Form or Pass signed by the said Chief Secretary or Under Secretary for the Military Department in Dublin, or some Officer in his Department, and sealed with salt Official Seal if in Ireland, as shall have been transmitted to fock Magistrate or Justice by the Secretary at War or Chief Secretary or Under Secretary aforesaid respectively, or as shall be so transmitted upon Application made by such Magistrate or Justice of the Peace for the Purposes of this Act; and every such Magistrate or Justice of the Peace shall fill up the Blanks in such Pass and certify the same, and make out a Route in th» proper Column for such Wife or Widow and Child or Children (if any), specifying the Place to which such Woman is going and her Route; and shall deliver such Pass to her in exchange for the Duplicate Certificate of the Commanding Officer aforesaid, in order that (he may receive such Allow, ances as are authorized by this Act, not exceeding per Mile One Penny Halfpenny for herself, and One Penny for each Child.

V. And be it further enacted, That upon Production of such Pads to any Overseer of the Poor if in England, or any Treasurer of the Kirk Session if in Scotland, or Postmaster if in Ireland, of any Place through which such Woman shall proceed, according to the Route f^ecified in such Pass, he shall, out of any Money in his Hands applicable to the Relief of the Poor, if an Overseer of the Poor, or Treasurer of Kirk Session, or out of any Public Money in his Hands if a Postmaster, pay her an Allowance not exceeding the Rateper Mile specified in such Pass as aforesaid for the Number of Miles to the next City, Town or Place to which (he may be going, not exceeding Eighteen Miles; and he shall indorse on such Palis the Money so paid, and take a Receipt from the Woman, signed witt her Hand or with her Mark, specifying the Regiment, Battalioo, Corps or Detachment to which her Husband belongs, or if a Widow, did belong, so as that the Description on the Receipt may correfpood with the Description in the Pass so produced to him as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Sums so advanced by any such Overseer or Treasurer of Kirk Session shall, upon Production and Delivery of such Receipt to the Collector of Excite of the District within which such Overseer or Treasurer of Kirk Session a&a as such, or any Perfou officiating for such Collector, be repaid to such Overseer or Treofuoer of Kirk Seffieo, for the Use of the

13 Fund

A. D. 1818.

W GEO. IIL

e. 92.

S83

Fuad for the Relief of the Poor, by such Coliedor of Excise or

other Person, out of any Public Monies in his Hands; and all Sums Advanced by

so repaid, and all Sums advanced for such Allowances by any Poft- Postmaster, a 1-

master or Person acting as Postmaster in Ireland, shall be allowed in ****1in A**

their reipedive Accounts; and every such Overseer or Treasurer of COU|lt, 5

Kirk Seflioa shall give to the Collector of Excise at the time of

such Repayment, a Receipt for the Money so repaid; , and such

Receipt of the Overseer or Treasurer of Kirk Session, together with

the Receipt of the Woman, shall be taken as Ca(h in the Payment

of the Duties of Excise received by such Collector, the Receipt

of the Woman for any such Allowance paid by any Postmaster or

Person acting as Postmaster in Ireland, shall be taken as Ca(h in the

Payment of the Post Office Duties in Ireland received by such Poft-

malier or Person aforesaid, and allowed in their respective Accounts

accordingly; and all Sums of Money so advanced out of any Duties and repaid by

of Excite in Great Britain, shall be repaid by the General Agent, Apnt, Ac,

or by any other Person to be appointed for that Purpose by the Secretary.

Secretary at War in London% to such Person or Persons as shall

be authorized by the Commissioners of Excise in England or Scotland

respectively to draw for or receive the same for or on account of the

same Duties; and all Sums of Money so advanced in Ireland shall be

repaid by the General Agent, or by any other Person to be appointed

for that Purpose by the Chief Secretary, or in his Absence the Under

Secretary for the Military Department in Ireland, to the Receiver

General of His Majesty'f Post Office in Ireland.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in the In Dublin, Ap-City of Dublin every such Woman shall, in every Instance, apply to Flic, tion bX the Agent of the Regiment (if any) in Dublin to which (he shall

belong, and not to the Postmaster or Person acting as such, and 5* Regiment" such Agent shall and may pay and advance in any cale such Money, who may ad-' and indorse and subscribe such Certificate as aforesaid* and shall be vance Money, allowed such Sum fg paid in his Accounts; and every such Indorfe-meqt shall be of the lame Force, Validity and Effect, to all Intents and Purposea, as if the same had been done by a Person acting aa the Postmaster in manner aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted* That if, by reason of any Sick- i» ofSick-nefs or Accident, any such Woman or Women, and Child or Children,

shall have been left at any Place of Embarkation, or at the last low^nce, al-Quarters of any Regiment, Battalion or Corps or Detachmeat, or though Rrgub-at any Place on the March from such last Quarters to any Place of i»ont of Ad not Embarkation, and the Regulations and Provisions of this Act, for P#rformed-giving any such Allowances as aforesaid, shall not have been performed* and any such Woman or Women, or Child or Children, shall have been omitted in any such Return as aforesaid* then and in And Command-every such case it shall he lawful for the Officer commanding, where »ng Officer to such Woman or Women and Child or Children shall have been so make R*10* left* to make out such Return as is prescribed by this Act, of such Woman or Women and Child or Children, apd to tranftnit the same to the War Office in London or Dublin as aforesaid, as the case, may require, and to give to every such Woman such Duplicate at aforesaid, and also to transmit any such further Return as may be uecefTary*. under any special Circumstances of the case, to the Secretary at War in London% or Chief Secretary or Under Secretary at Dublin* at the case may require; and every such Return and Dupli*

58* GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Pafi when to be delivered up;

and tranfimtted to proper Officer.

la case of being detained by contrary Winds, fcc. Overseer, &c. on Order of Justice, to make proper Allowances.

What deemed a Sufficient Voucher for Payment.

Wives and Widows of Soldiers not conforming to Regulations, Vagrants.

C. 92, 93.

cate respectively shall be of the same Force and Effect in all Refpe&s, as if done in manner and by the Person specified in this Act, in relation to Returns and Duplicates as aforesaid under this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every such Soldier's Wife or Widow as aforesaid shall, at the last Place of receiving any Allowance under this Act, antecedent to her Arrival at her Home, or st the Port or Place of Embarkation, deliver up the Pafi so given to her as aforesaid to the Person so advancing such Allowance, and the Overseer of the Poor or Treasurer of the Kirk Session paying such Allowance in Great Britain shall deliver such Pass to the Collector of Excise; and every such Pass so delivered up as aforc-faid shall, if in Great Britain, be transmitted by the Collector of Excise to the Secretary at War in London, and if in Ireland, shall be transmitted by the Postmaster or Postmaster General to the Under Secretary for the Military Department in Dublin

X. And be it further enacted, That if by contrary Winds, or Want of a Vessel ready for failing, or by the Sickness of herfdt or of any of her Children, or by any other reasonable Caufc, any such Woman shall be detained more than One Night at any Port or Place of Embarkation, or at any Place in her Journey, from the signing of the Pass by a Magi (Irate or Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, to her Arrival at such Port, or at her Home, whether iu Great Britain or Ireland, then and in every such case such Woman shall and may apply to any Justice of the Peace, who shall thereupon j examine into the Fads on Oath, and if satisfied of the Truth thereof, I shall give such Woman an Order to receive from the Overseer of the Poor, or Treasurer of the Kirk Session, or Person then acting asPoft-.master, as aforesaid, as the case may require, if on her Journey, and if

at her Port or Place of Embarkation then from the District Pay-master, the Sum of One Shilling a Day for the Maintenance of ber-self, and the Sum of Sixpence a Day for each Child for whom so Allowance is specified in the Pass, and such Payment shall be made to her accordingly, so long as (he shall he so unavoidably detained, and no longer; and such Order, with the Receipt of such Woman, and the Certificate of some Magistrate or Justice of the Peace of such Detention, and the Period thereof, shall he a sufficient Voucher for every such Payment, and every such Sum so paid, being so duly vouched, shall he allowed and finally discharged in manner aforesaid respectively.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Wives and Widows of Soldiers having any such PafTes as aforesaid, and not complying with the Regulations prescribed therein and in this Act, shall be liable to be treated as Vagrants, and may be passed as such to their Homes, either in England, Ireland or Scotland respectively, as the case may he, in like manner in every respect, if no such Pass had been given.

cap. xcni.

An Act to afibrd Relief to the bond side Holders of Negotiable.Securities, without Notice that they were given for a ufuri-- ous Consideration. [ioth June 1818.]

\\T HERE AS by the Laws now in force, all Contracts and

W ACTurances whatsoever, for Payment of Money, made for

a usurious Consideration, are utterly void: And Whereas in the

4 Course

58" GEO. III,

385

:

C. 9S, 94,

4 Course of Mercantile Transactions, Negotiable Securities often

* pass into the Hands of Persons who have discounted the same

without any Knowledge of the original Considerations for which 4 the same were given; and the Avoidance of such Securities in 4 the Hands of such bond Jide Indorfees without Notice is attended 4 with great Hardship and InjusticeFor Remedy thereof, be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho*

rity of the same. That no Bill of Exchange or Promissory Note, BUI of Exchange that shall be drawn or made after the pamng of this Act shall, or PranifTory though it may have been given for a usurious Consideration, or upon Notf 8***" for a usurious Con trad, be void in the Hands of an Indorfee for valu- ufuriou* Confi-able Consideration, unless such Indorfee had, at the time of dif- i^h^Hand/ct counting or paying such Consideration for the same, actual Notice indorfee without that such Bill of Exchange or Promissory Note had been originally Notice, given for a usurious Consideration, or upon a usurious Con trad.

CAP. XCIV.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and to amend an AS passed in Ireland, in the Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the Improvement and Extension of the Fiftieries on the Coasts of Ireland. [loth June 1818.]

4 YT7HEREAS an AS was made in the Parliament of Ireland,

4 W in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His present 36 G. 3.

4 Majesty, intituled An A3 for continuing and amending the several continued.

4 A3t for the further Improvement and Extension of the Fi/heriet on 4 the Coasts of this Kingdom; which said recited Act has, by several 4 subsequent Acts, been continued, and is in force until and upon 4 the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred 4 and eighteen; and it is expedient that the said recited Act should 4 be further continued: ' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act shall be and the same is hereby further continued, and shall be in force in Ireland from the said Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, until and upon the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

II. And be it declared and enacted, That all Bounties and Allow- what Bounties ances payable under any Act or Acts in force in Ireland upon the payable for F>th Exportation of any Fi(h caught on the Coasts of Ireland* or in cauSht respect of the Duty on the Salt used in the curing of Fish caught on " Sea or in the said Coasts, shall be payable and paid, and allowable and allowed, Warehouse, *c. in respect of all such Fi(h which, having been caught on the said Coasts, shall be salted and cured either at Sea or in Warehouses op Shore, under the Inspection of the Officers of the Customs there, under Ach Rules and Regulations as are required by any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, or as may be made from time to time by the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland* for the Prevention of Fraud in the claiming of such Bounties and Drawbacks.

. 58 Geo. III. C c CAP.

386

C. 95.

58 GEO. III.

A.D.181&

Sheriff to hold County Court for Election of Coroner at usual Place*

CAP. XCV.

An Act to regulate the Election of Coroners for Counties.

[ i oth June 1818*3

« WHEREAS - there are no sufficient Regulations for the '* W Election of Coroners for Counties/ Be it therefore enacted by The King's Moss Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afferabled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the passing of this Act, upon every Election to be made of any Coroner or Coroners of any County in England and Wales % the Sheriff of the County where such Election shall be made shall hold his County Court for the same Election at the most ufnal Place or Places of Election of Coroners within the said County, and where the same have mod: usually been held for Forty Years last pad, and shall there proceed to Election at the next County Court, unless the same fall out to be held within Six Days after the Receipt of the \frrit de Coronatore eligendo, or upon the same Day; and then shall adjourn the same Court to some convenient Day, not exceeding Fourteen Days, giving Ten Days' Notice of the time and Place of Election; and in case the said Election be not determined upon the View, with the Consent of the Freeholders there present, but that a Poll shall be demanded for Determination thereof, then the said Sheriff, or in his Abfeuce his Under Sheriff, with such others as shall be deputed by him, shall forthwith there proceed to take the said Poll, in some public Place, by the same Sheriff, or his Under Sheriff as aforesaid in his Absence, or others appointed for the taking thereof Commencement as aforesaid; and every such Poll shall commence on the Day upon and Duration of which the same shall be demanded, and be duly and regularly proceeded in from Day to Day (Sunday excepted) until the same be finished; but so as that no Poll for such Election shall continue more than Ten Days at moll (Sunday excepted), and the said Poll shall be kept open Seven Hours at the least each Day, between the Hours of Nine in the Morning and Five at Night: And for the more due and orderly proceeding in the said Poll, the said Sheriff, or in his Abfeuce his Under Sheriff, or such as be shall depute, shall appoint such Number of Clerks as to him shall seem meet or convenient for the taking thereof; which Clerks shall all take the said Poll in the Pre-fence of the said Sheriff or his Under Sheriff, or such as he shall depute; and before they begin to take the said Poll, every Clerk so appointed shall by the said Sheriff or his Under Sheriff, or such as he shall depute as aforesaid, be sworn truly and indifferently to take the same Poll, and to set down the Names of each Freeholder, and the Place of his Abode and Freehold, and the Name of the Occupier thereof, and for whom he shall poll, and to poll no Freeholder who is not sworn, if required to be sworn by the Candidates or either of them, and which Oaths of the said Clerks, the said Sheriff or his Under Sheriff, or such as he shall depute, are hereby empowered to Infpe&or of Poll administer; and the Sheriff, or in his Absence his Under Sheriff as Clerk appointed, aforesaid, shall appoint for each Candidate such One Perfotl as shall be nominated to him by each Candictate, to be Inspector of every Clerk who shall be appointed for taking the Poll; and every Freeholder, before he is admitted to poll at the same Election, shall, jf

required

If Election not determined on View, then to proceed to take a Poll.

Poll.

Poll Clerks appointed and sworn.

freeholder, if required, lworn before he polls.

A.D. 181 a

58° GEO, III.

C.95.

387

required by the Candidates or any of them, firfb take the Oath hereinafter mentioned, which Oath the said Sheriff by himself or hit Under Sheriff, or such sworn Clerk by him appointed for taking the said Poll as aforesaid, is hereby authorized to administer; videlicet,

4 V OU swear [or# being one of the People called Quakers, you 0l.th

* folemnly affirm] That you are a Freeholder of the County of CItl0n Vote*

€ and have a Freehold Estate, confiding of

4 lying at within the said

4 Otyutty; and that such Freehold Estate has not been granted to«you fraudulently, on purpose to qualify you to give your Vote at,

< this EledHo&i and that the Place of your Abode is at

*, load if it be a Place confijling of more Streets or 4 Places than One, Jjfadfyimg. what Street or Place; "] that you are 4 Twenty one Years of Age, a* you helieve, and that you have not 4 been before polled at this Election/

And in case any Freeholder or other Person taking the said Oath or Perjul7 f1** Affirmation hereby appointed to be taken by him as aforesaid shall Subornation of thereby commit wilful and corrupt Perjury, and be thereof convicted, JU and if any Person shall unlawfully or corruptly procure or suborn any Freeholder or other Person to take the said Oath or Affirmation in order to be polied, whereby he shall commit such wilful and corrupt Perjury, and shall be thereof convicted, he and they for every such Offence shall incur such Pains and Penalties as are declared in and by Two A6ts of Parliament, the one made in the Fifth Year of the 5 Elb. c.9. late Queen Elizabeth, intituled An A3 for Puni/bment of such as shallprocure or commit any wilful Perjury; and the other made in the Second Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, inti- a G, a, e. 25. tuled An A3 for the more cjfeSual preventing and further Punishment of Forgery, Perjury and Subornation of Perjury, and to make it Felony tofieal Bonds, Notes or other Securities for Payment of Money; and by any other Law or Statute now in force for the Puniftunent of Penury or Subornation of Perjury.

II. And be it further enacted. That no Person or Persons shall be Mortgagor and

allowed to have any Vote at such Elections for Coroner or Coroners Ceftuique Trust of any County in England and Wales as aforesaid, for or by reason of v°te» ""*** any Trust Estate or Mortgage unlefti such Trustee or Mortgagee be b. in

m actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of such possession. Estate; but that the Mortgagor or Ce/luioue Trust in Possession shall

and may vote for the same Estate, notwithnanding such Mortgage or Trod; and that all Conveyances of any Messuages, Lands, iTene-ments and Hereditaments, in order to multiply Voices, or to split or divide the Interest in any Houses or Lands among several lPersons, to enable them to vote at Ele&ioas for a Coroner of any County as aforesaid, are hereby declared to be void and of none Effect.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the reasonable Costs, Expenceiof

Charges and Expences, the said Sheriff or his Under Sheriff or other po1!

Deputy shall expend or be liable to in and about the providing of by the Cwdi-** Poll Books, Booths and Clerks (such Clerks to be paid not exceed- date*.

ing One Pound and One Shilling each per Diem) for the Purpose of taking the Poll at any such Election, shall be borne, sustained, ' and paid by the several Candidates at such Election, in equal Proportions.

Cc 2

CAP.

388

58* GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

$6 G. 3. c. 86. continued.

Aliens not to become naturalised but by Ad of Parliament, or Denizens but by Letters of Denization. Exception.

C.&6, 97*

CAP. XCVI.

An Act to continue, for the Term of Two Years, and until the End of the Session of Parliament in which that Term shall expire, if Parliament shall be then fitting, an A ft of the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in or resident in this Kingdom, in certain cases. [loth June 1818.]

* TT7 HE REAS an Act was passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the 4 VV Reign of His present Majesty, intituled Jin AS for efablifi-4 ing Regulations rcfpcQmg Aliens arriving in and resident in tins 4 Kingdom, in certain cases* for Two Tears from the pajfing of this 4 A8> and until the End of the Session of Parliament in which the said 4 Two Tears shall expire, if Parliament shall he then fitting: And

* Whereas the said Act hath been found beneficial, and it is expedient

* to continue the same for a further time : * Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be and the same is hereby continued in force, from and after the Twenty sixth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, for the Term of Two Years, and until the End of theSeflion of Parliament in which that Term shall expire, if Parliament shall be then fitting.

CAP. XCVII.

An Act to prevent Aliens, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, from becoming naturalized, or being made or becoming Denizens, except in certain cases. [10th June 1818.]

4 WHEREAS it is expedient that, for a time to be limited, 4 W Aliens should not *be or become naturalized, or be made or 4 Tjecome Denizens, except as hereinafter is provided Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, no Alien shall become a naturalized Subjest, or be made or become Denizen, or become entitled to the Privileges of a naturalized' Subject or Denizen, in any other manner or by any other Authority than by any Act which may hereafter be passed by the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or by Letters of Denization hereafter to be granted by His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeflbrs, any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithfhmd* ing: Provided always, that nothing herein, contained shall extend or be construed to extend to affect in any manner such Right to Naturalization or to Denization as any Person, in case this Act had not been passed, might acquire or would have acquired by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament made for encouraging Seamen to enter into His Majesty's Service, or for naturalizing fu$n Foreign Proteft-

ants

A.D. 18J8.

. 58° GEO. III.

389

C. 97, 9&

ants as shall settle in any of His Majesty's Colonies in America, or for naturalizing such Foreign Protestants as shall have served or shall serve in His Majesty's Foroes, or for the Encouragement of the Fisheries.

CAP. XCVJII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Fifty first Year of His Majesty's Reign, for rendering more effectual an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, for the Aboljtion of the Slave Trade.

[loth June 1818.]

* HE REAS by an Act made in the Fifty first Year of His

* W Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for rendering more 4 effeBual an AB made in the Forty seventh Tear of His Majesty's 4 Reign% intituled An Act for the Abolition of the Slave Trade t it 4 is amongst other things enacted and declared, that all Offences 4 thereinbefore declared to be Felonies or Misdemeanors which shall

* be committed in Africa, or in any Country, Territory or Place

* other than this United Kingdom, or on the High Seas, or in any

* Port, Sea, Creek or Place where the Admiral has Jurisdiction, shall 4 and may be inquired of either according to the ordinary Course of 4 Law and the Provisions of an Act passed in the Twenty eighth 4 Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled An A3 4 for Pirates; or according to the Provisions of an Act, passed

* in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, 4 intituled An AB to proceed by Commiffton of Oyer and Terminer 4 against such Persons as shall confefs Treason and Felony, without 4 remanding the same to be tried in the Shire where the Offence was 4 committed, as far as the same Act is now unrepealed; or accord*

* ing to the Provisions of an Act passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth 4 Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Third, 4 intituled An Act faff'd for the more effeQual Suppreffon of Piracy: 4. And Whereas by an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His 4 Majesty's Reign, intituled An AB for the morefpcedy Trial of Off 4 fences committed in distant Parts upon the Seas, it is enacted, that all 4 Treasons, Piracies, Feionics, Robberies, Mureters, Conspiracies and 4 other Offences, of what Nature or Kind soever, committed upon 4 the Sea, or in any Havenv River, Creek or Place where the Ad-

* miral or Admirals have Power* Authority or Jurisdiction, may be 4 inquired of, tried, heard, determined and adjudged according to the 4 common Course of the Laws of this Realm uled for Offences com* 4. roitted upon the Land within this Realm, and not otherwise, in 4 any of His Majesty's I Hands, Plantations, Coionics, Dominions,

* Forts or Fastories, under and by virtue of the King's Commission 4 or Commissions under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to be direfted

* to any such Four or more difereet Persons as the Lord Chancellor 4 of Great Britainf Lord Keeper or Commissioners for the Custody 4 of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being shall from 4 time to time think fit to appoint; and that the said Commissioners 4 so to be appointed, or any Three of them, shall have such and the 4 like Powers and Authorities for the Trial of all such Mureters,

* Treasons, Piracies, Felonies* Conspiracies and other Offences, within

C c 3*any

51 G. 3. c. 13.

a8 H. 8.c.xj. 33 H. 8. c.

XX & IS W.3. C.7.

46G.3.C54.

C. 98, 99.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Offence* declared by Si G. 3. c.2$. to be Felonies or Misdemeanors committed on the Seas, &c. may be tried tinder any Com-mifiiQn llf'ued according to the Directions of 46 0.3* c.J4*

SS G. 3. c. 190-

la*-

4 any such Illafid, Plantations, Colony, Dominions, Forts or Fae-4 tories, as any Commissioners appointed or to be appointed according 4 to the Directions of the Statute of the Twenty eighth Year of the 4 Reign of King Henry the Eighth, by any Law or Laws now in 4 force have or would have for the Trial of the said Offences within 4 this Realm: And Whereas Doubts have arisen whether Offences 4 declared by the said Act of the Fifty first Year of His Majesty1* 4 Reign to be Felonies or Misdemeanors committed on the High 4 Seas, or in any Port, Sea, Creek or Place where the Admiral has 4 Jurisdiction, may be inquired of, heard and determined under or 4 by virtue of any Commilfion issued or to be issued under the Direc-4 tions of the said recited Act of the Forty sixth Year of His Ma-4 jelly's Reign Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That all Offences declared by the said Act of the Fifty first Year of Hi* Majesty's Reign to be Felonies or Misdemeanors, committed or which shall be committed on the High Seas, or in any Port, Sea* Creek or Place where the Admiral has Jurisdiction, may be inquired of, tried and determined under and by virtue of any Commilfion already issued or hereafter to be issued according to the Directions of the above recited Acts of the Forty sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign | and that all Persons convicted of any of the said Offences so inquired of, tried and determined, or to be inquired of, tried and determined under and by virtue of any such Commilfion made or issued or to be made or issued according to the Directions of the said Act of the Forty sixth Year of His Majesty'6 Reign, shall be subject and liable to and shall suffer all such and the lame Pains* Penalties and Forfeitures, as by any Law or Lawe now in force Persons convicted of the same respectively would be subject and liable to, in case the same were respectively inquired of, tried and determined and adjudged within this Realm by virtue of any Com-million made according to the Directions of the Statute of the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding,

CAP. XCIX.

An Act for altering and amending an Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty, to amend an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, to improye the Land Revenue of the Crown, io far as relates to the Great Forest of Brecknock, in the County of Brecknock s and for vesting in His Majesty certain Parts of the said Forest, and for inclosing the said Forest. [10th June 1818.]

4 VITHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the 1 VV Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an

* AS made in the Forty eighth Tear of His present Majesty, to im- 4 prove the Land Revenue of the Crown, so far at relates to the Great

* Forest of Brecknock in the County of Brecknock 5 and for vesting 4 in Hit Majesty certain Parts of the said Forest, and for incloftng the 4 said Forest; after directing that the Commufioners named and ap-

4 pointed

58 GEO. III.

G. 99.

391

* pointed in and by the said Act should, amongst other things, fet 4 out and appoint any new and additional public Koads or Highways*

4 or any new Tracks or Ways for such public Roads or Highways 4 in and over the said Forest, and giving them certain Powers as to 4 the Roads, Path and Ways in, over, through or upon any of the

4 Lands or Grounds within the said Forest; and after directing that $ 22.

4 the said Commissioners should set out and allot unto and for the 4 Formation and Repa irs of Highways made or to be made within

* the Limits of the said Forest, so much and such Parts of the Open 4 and Commonable Lands within the said Forest, and in such Places 4 as the said Commissioners should think proper, for getting Stone or 4 Gravel or other Materials for the Formation or for the Repairs from 4 time to time for ever of the public and private Roads and High-4 ways made or to be made within the Limits of the said Forest^

* and should set out and allot such Part or Parts, Parcel or Parcels §23.

* of the Lands and Grounds by the said Act diredcd to be divided,

4 allotted and inclosed, as and for public Limestone Quarries; and

* should set out such Part and Parts of the said Lands and Grounds 4 by the said Act directed to be allotted and inclosed, as in the Judg-4 znent of the said Commissioners thereby appointed would defray all 4 the Costs, Charges and Expences incident to the obtaining, passing

* and carrying into Execution of the said recited Act; and alio § 2*m 4 should set out certain Allotments in lieu of the Tithes ariling,

4 renewing, happening or payable from the Open and Commonable 4 Lands within the Limits of the said Forest, as were or should be

* found to be Extra Parochial, and such as were locally lituate within

4 the Bounds or Limits of any Parish; it was enacted, that the said §31.

4 Commissioners should divide, set out and allot One full Moiety or 4 Half Part of all the Rest, Relidue and Remainder of the said 4 Forest unto The King's most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and 4 Succelfors, and should set out and allot the Residue of the Lands 4 and Grounds by the said recited Act directed to be divided, al-

* lotted and inclosed, unto and amongst all and every the Persons

* entitled to Commonage in, over or upon the same respectively, or

* any Part or Parts thereof (other than and except The King's Ma-4 jesty. His Heirs and Successors), in proportion to the real Value 4 of their several and respective Me flu ages, Cottages, Lands and

* Tenements in respect whereof they were entitled to such Rights of 4 Common, and to the Part or Parts of the Lands to be inclosed in,

* over or upon which their respective Rights of Common should cx-4 tend, due Regard being had in settling the Quantum of each Allot-

* ment to the Quality and Situation of the Land to be comprized

* therein: And Whereas the Commissioners appointed in and by the

* said recited Act have proceeded to put the same into Execution, and 4 great Expences have been thereby incurred, and considerable 4 Parts of the said Forest have been fold by the said Commissioners to 4 defray such Expences: And Whereas it appears that the Soil of so

* much of the said Forest, and the Lands and Grounds of the said 4 recited Act mentioned, as will remain to be divided and allotted in 4 Severalty unto and amongst the Persons entitled to Rights of 4 Common in, over and upon the said Forest, after making and fet-4 ting out the other Allotments in the said Act directed, is so poor 4 and sterile, that the same would not answer the Expences of In 4 closure and Cultivation, and it is therefore expedient that Jo much

C c 4 4 of

392

C.99.

58" GEO. III.

A.D. 1819

SS G.3.C.190. i 14.18, 19.34-

5 5

§ 50. repealed.

Claims to Right | of Common may be received within Two Months after patting of Act.

Tithes, &c. to the King to continue payable;

of the said recited Act as directs that Allotments shall be made is lieu of Tithes, and that the said Commissioners should allot the Rc-fidue of the said Forest and other Open and Commonable Lands (after setting out the King's Allotment and such other Allotments as afore said) in Severalty, unto and amongst the several Persons entitled to Commonage in, over or upon the same, freed and discharged from Tithes and Rights of Common, should be repealed, together with all Powers and Authorities given by the said recited Act to the said Commissioners for that Purpose; and that the said CommifiionerB should be authorized and required to allot One Moiety of the said Forest to The King's Most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Sncceffors, and the other Moiety thereof to and amongst the several Persons entitled to Rights of Common, to be enjoyed by them in common as heretofore, or in such manner an under such Rules and Regulations as hereinafter mentioned; but freed from all Forestal Rights; * May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That so much of the said recited Act as directs and empowers the said Commissiou-ers to turn or alter any Streams, Springs or Watercourses within the said Forest, and to make and set out any Allotments in lieu of Tithes to any Person or Persons whatsoever, and to ascertain, settle or determine to whom such Allotments should belong, and to set out and allot the Residue of the Lands and Grounds by the said Act directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed unto and amongst all and every the Persons entitled to Commonage in, over or upon the same rc-spectively, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, in proportion to the real Value of their several and respective Mefiuages, Cottages, Lands and Tenements, in respect whereof they are entitled to such Rights of Common, and to the Part or Parts of the Lands to be inclosed, in, over or upon which their respective Rights of Common should extend, together with all Powers and Authorities given to the said Commissioners for that Purpose, and all other Powers and Authorities given by the said recited Act to the said Commissioners, for directing the fencing of Allotments, and a]fo so much of the said recited Act, as directs that all Tithes, both Great and Small, Moduses, Compositions and other Payments in lieu of Tithes, arising, renewing and payable within the said Forest, Lands and Grounds, and act Rights of Common in, over and upon the same, shall cease and be for ever extinguiftied, shall be and the same is and are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted. That the said Commissioners shall be at Liberty to receive, ascertain and settle the Claims of any Person or Persons to a Right of Common, in and upon the said Forest, who may have hitherto omitted to fend in such Claims, provided the lame are sent in within Two Months after the passing this Act, and provided all Expences attending the receiving, settling and afeertaimng such Claims be paid, borne and defrayed by the Person or Persons making the same, but the said Commissioners shall not be at Liberty to receive any Claims whatsoever, after the Expiration of the said Two Months from the passing this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, that The King's Most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Succcflbrs, shall henceforth continue to take,

demand,

A.D.1818,

58° GEO. III.

C. 90,

393

demand, have and receive all Tithes, both Great and Small, and all Modules, Compositions and other Payments in lieu of Tithes, arising, renewing, increasing, happening or payable out of, from or in respect of such rart or Parts of the Open and Commonable Lands within the Limits of the said Forest as are Extra Parochial; and all Tithee, both and other Great and Small, and all Modules, Compositions and other Payments #rilhe, » &c. in lieu of Tithes whatsoever, arising, growing, renewing, increasing, happening or payable in, over or upon such Part or Parts of the said Open and Commonable Lands as is or are locally situate within the Bounds or Limits of any Parish or Parishes, if any Part or Parts are so situate, shall henceforth be demanded, taken and payable, by and to the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, who is, are or shall be entitled thereto, in as full, ample and beneficial, and in such and the same manner as if the said recited Act had not been passed.

* IV. And Whereas the said Commissioners have, under the Au-< thority of the said recited Act, fold certain Parts of the said Lands

* and Grounds within the said Forest, for defraying the Expences of ' passing and carrying into Execution the said recited Act, and the

* Lands and Grounds so fold have been purchased by the Persons

« now holding the same as Tithe freeBe it therefore enacted, Tliat Allotment* tn nothing herein contained shall be construed or extend to subject any the King and Lands which have been so fold Tithe free to the Payment of Tithes; other Tithe but the same shall remain and continue free and exempt from Tithe, for m-

in such and the like manner as if this Act had not been passed, and Tithes of that the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and Land* fold by required to set out and allot unto or for The King's Majesty, His the Commif-Heirs or Successors, or the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Cor- fioner* porate or Collegiate, who would have been entitled to Tithes in Kind, free* in, over or upon the said Lands and Grounds so fold by the said Commissioners as Tithe free; so much and such Parcel of the said Lands and Grounds by the said recited Act directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, as shall in the Judgment of the said Commissioners be a full Compensation and Salisfadion for all Tithes, both Great and Small, and all Moduses, Compositions and other Payments in lieu of Tithes, arising, growing, renewing, increasing, happening or payable out of or from or for or in respect of all such Lands and Grounds, which have been so fold Tithe free as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Land* to be sold mark and set out such Part and Parts of the said Lands and f<" paying E*-Grounds by the said Act directed to be divided, allotted and in- l*ncel incurred closed, as by the Sale thereof will in the Judgment of the said Com- ^a^a^nto missioners raise a sufficient Sum of Money to defray and discharge all Execution* Expences incurred in the carrying into Execution of the said recited

Ad, and now outstanding and unpaid; and also all the Coils, Charges and Expences incident to the carrying into Execution of so much of the said recited Act as is not hereby repealed; and all such Sales shall be made either for the best Price or Prices which can or may be obtained, by Private Contract, or in the manner and under the Directions and Restrictions prescribed and directed by the said recited Act, with regard to Lands and Grounds thereby authorized and directed to be sold for the Payment of Expences.

VI. And be it further enacted. That all the Cods, Charges and Expenre* of this Expences incident to the obtaining and passing this Act, mall be Alt how to be

borne,

m

Commissioners may set out Public Roads, with Consent, into Turnpike Road from Brecon to Neath.

After Com mi f-Goners shall have set out additional Public Roads, See.;

Moiety of remaining Lands to be set out for His Majesty, discharged from Common, fcc.

m Private Roads to Allotment to the Crown.

a *9. 58 GEO. III. A.D.1818.

borne, paid and defrayed by the Commissionera for the time being, of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, by and out of the Monies to arise or be produced by the Sale of the Allotment hereby directed to be set out for His Majesty, His Heirs or Succef-fora, or by and out of any of the Land Revenues of the Crown, which shall be under their Care and Management, and shall not be otherwise appropriated.

< VII. And Whereas the said Commissionera are in and by the ' laid Ad authorized and required to set out and appoint any new or«additional Public Roads or Highways, in and over the said Forest, 4 and may also turn, abate or stop up any ancient Carnage Road or 4 Way, in, through, upon or over any of the Lands or Ground within the said Forest Be it therefore further enacted. That it shall lod tiay be lawful to and for the said Commissionera, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to set out and appoint any new or additional Public Road or Highway, to or from any Part of the said Forest, over the inclosed Lands belonging to any Person or Perfooi whomsoever, unto and to communicate with or join the Turnpike Road leading from Brecon to Neath: Provided always, that no loch Highway or Road shall be set out and appointed without the Coufeot in Writing of the Owner or Owners of the said Lands, or of the Person or Persons beneficially interested therein, having been first had and obtained.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That after the said Commiflion-era shall have appointed and set out such new and additional Public Ronds and Highways, or Tracks or Ways for such Public Roads or Highways, in and over the said Forest, as to them shall seem proper in relation thereto, according to the Dire&iona of the said recited A &, and shall have made and set out the several Allotments under the Powers, Authorities andDire&ions of the said recited Act, for getting Stone, Gravel or other Materials, for the Formation and for the Repairs from time to time for ever, of the Public and Printe Roads and Highways made or to be made within the Limits of the said Forest, and for Public Limestone Quarries, for the Purpose of getting Limestone and other Stones therefrom, with coDveiuent Roads to and from the same respectively; and after the making tod setting out of the Allotments by this Act directed to be made, as a Compensation and Satisfaction for the Tithes of the Lands which have been so fold Tithe free as aforesaid, and the Allotments of Lands to be sold under the Authority of this Act for Payment of Expences, the said Commissionera shall and they are hereby required to divide, set out and allot one Moiety or full Half Part of all the Rest, Residue and Remainder of the said Forest (due Regard being had to the Quality and Situation thereof) unto The King's Most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Succefiora, and which said Allotment, as soon as the same shall be allotted and fevered from the Lands adjoining thereto, shall become and remain the cxdufire Property of The King's Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, freed, exonerated and for ever discharged, of and from all Rights of Common, Common of Pasture, and Turbary, and all other Rights of what Nature or Kind soever.

IX. And be it further enacted. That the said Coromissionert shall and they are hereby required to set out such and fi> many Private Roads and Ways as shall be necessary for giving convenient Access

to

58° GEO. ILL

895

C.99#

to such Allotment as shall be so as aforesaid made to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors.

X. And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as the said Commissioners shall have set out the Allotment herein before directed to be made and set out tt> His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors» they shall prepare a separate Award, with a Map or Plan of such Allotment annexed thereto, whereof there shall be Three Originals, one to be enrolled in the Court of Exchequer at Wejlmtnjler% another in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue, there to remain on Record, and which shall afterwards be filed and preferred amongit the Muniments of the Office of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time being; and the said Award, or the Enrolment thereof, shall or may be produced, read and received in Evidence on all Occasions where any Doubt, Question or Controversy may arise, relating to or affecting the Rights and Interests of His Majesty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, in respect of the said Allotment to be vested in The King's Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by virtue of this A A; and the Third of the said Awards shall be deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Brecknock.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time being, to contract and agree for the Sale of, and absolutely to make sale and dispose of all such Part or Parts of the said Allotment so to be set out to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, under the Authority of this Act, as they shall think fit, subject to the same Approbation, and under the same Limitations and Restrictions, and in the same manner, as directed by the said recited Act, with regard to the Sale of Allotments by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods Forests and Land Revenues ror the time being, under the Authority of that Ad.

XII. And be it further enacted. That all the Rest, Residue and Remainder of the said Lands and Grounds by the said recited Act lireded to be divided, allotted and inclosed, shall be and remain open tnd uninclosed for the Benefit of the several other Owners or Pro* irietors of ancient Messuages, Cottages, inclosed Lands and Grounds, ntitled to Rights of Common in, over and upon the said Lands and Grounds, according to their several and respective Rights and Interims therein, freed and discharged from all Fore ft al Rights, and from 11 Claims of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and all Perms lawfully claiming under him or them; save and except such Lights and Interests as are hereinafter expressly excepted and re-xvecKto His Majesty, His'Heirs and Successors.

XIII. And be it further enacted. That John Cbee/e, One of the ommiifioncrs in the said recited Act named, or any Person to be iminated or appointed a Commissioner in his Room or Stead, shall s and is hereby fully authorized and empowered, by any Writing ider his Hand and Seal, to be deposited and left with the Clerk'the Peace for the said County of Brecknock, where the same shall id may be infpeded at all seasonable times for ever thereafter, by y Person or Persons whomsoever, on Payment of One Shilling, make such Orders and Regulations as he may think beneficial and oper for the dinting the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to and remain open and uninclosed for the Benefit of the several Persons

A feptnre Award of the Crown Allotment, Three Originals, Two enrolled and One deposited with Cletkof the Peace of the County of Brecknock.

Commissioners of Woods, Ac. empowered to fell the King's Allotment.

Residue to remain uninclosed for Owners of antient Messuages, Sec.

One Cotnmif-fiocer empowered to make Regulations for (tinting the Lands directed to remain unin-dofed.

3f>6

C. 99.

58" GEO. III.

A. D. 1813.

Extinguiftiing Rights of Com-nion on the King's Allot-

Cutting Turf, Ac.

Penalty.

not to inquire into or settle Parish Dispute*,

Tons entitled to Rights of Common in, over and upon the same; sod to limit and settle the Quantity of Stock which each Person having such Right of Common shall respectively feed and depafture thereof in due Proportion to their refpc&ive Stints or Rights $ and for ti* equitable Enjoyment thereof; and for the Participation of any Produce growing or to grow thereon; and which Orders and Reguutiou shall be binding and conclusive upon all Persons interested in the fed open. and uninclosed Lands; and that it shall be lawful for the said John Cbeefe, or any Person so to be nominated and appointed a Commissioner in his Room or Stead, to raise any Sum or Sums of Mokt which shall be requisite to defray the Coils, Charges and Expescet of - so regulating the said Stint, or of carrying into Execution any of the Orders or Regulations which shall be so made for that Porpofc, by Sale of a sufficient Part of the Lands and Grounds so directed to be and remain open and uninclosed for the Benefit of the several Persons entitled to Rights of Common as aforesaid; which Sale or Sain shall be made either by private Contrail, or in the manner dire&d by the said recited Act; and for which Purpose the said John Cfojt, or any Person to be nominated in his Room or Stead as aforefad, shall have and be invested with all such and the like Powers and Au-thoritie» for carrying such Sales into Execution, and completing md perfecting the same, as are by the said recited Act given to or veiled ui the Commissioners for carrying the said Act into Execution, with respect to any Sale or Sales thereby authorized or directed to be made by them.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That immediately after the said Allotment of the Moiety of the said Lands and Grounds within the said Forest, so to be made and set out to and for His Majesty, Hi) Heirs and Succeifors, shall by Order of the said CommissioDersbe flaked out and marked, all Rights of Common in, over and upon the same shall cease, and be for ever annulled, abolished and extioguilbed; and if any Person or Persons shall dig, cut or take away any of the Turf, Bu(hes or Underwood, or Soil of the said Allotment so to be made and set out to and for His said Majesty, His Heirs and Sue-cefTors, for any Use or Purpose whatsoever, or under any Right, Privilege or Claim, or Pretence of Right, Privilege or Claim whatsoever, then and in every such case, on due Proof made before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace on Oath, (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to administer, ) the said Justice or Justices shall, and he or they is and are hereby directed and required by Warrant, under his or their Hand or Haadi and Seals, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause any Sum or Sura6 of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied by Dif-trefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Perfou so offending in the Premises, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels (hail be so distrained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale; and the Money so to be levied as aforesaid shall be applied towards the Payment of the Costs, Charges and Expences of obtaining and executingthis Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners to inquire into, settle or ascertain any Disputes between any adjoining Parishes in which the said Lands or Grouodi may lie or be situate, or as to the Boundary between any Extra Parochial

C. 99.

58° GEO. III.

chial Place and any adjoining Parish; any thing in the said recited Act, or in the Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for consolidating in One A3 certain Provifiont usually inserted in A3s of Inclosure; and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several fads usually required on the pqffing of such Acts, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners appointed or to be appointed by or under the Authority of the said recited Act of the Fifty fifth Year of His Majesty's Reign, shall be Commissioners for the putting into Execution of this Act; and all and every Part of the said recited Act of the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty, and all Powers and Authorities thereby given to the said Commissioners (fave and except so far as the same is and are hereby repealed, varied or altered), shall be in full Force and Effest, and all such Powers and Authorities shall be used and exercised by the said Commissioners in carrying, this. Act into Execution, as fully and effectually as if the same had been hereby repeated and re-enafted.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, after having completed such Allotments of the said Forest, draw up or cause to be drawn up their final Award, in manner prescribed by the Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and which shall be made within Twelve Calendar Months after the passing of this Act; and the same, when enrolled in manner directed by the same Act of the Forty first Year of His Majesty's Reign, shall be deposited and left with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Brecknock, where the same shall and may beinfpefted and perused at all seasonable times, in the Day time, for ever thereafter, by any Person or Persons whomsoever, paying the Sum of One Shilling, and no more, to the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, for every such Inspection and Perusal; and Two Copies of such Award shall be enrolied, One of them in the Court of Exchequer at lVeJlminster% and the other of them in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue, there to remain on Record, and shall afterwards be filed and preserved amongst the Muniments of the Office of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues; such Award, or the Enrolment thereof, to be produced and read in Evidence on all Occasions where any Doubt or Controversy may arise, relating to or affecting the Rights or Interests of his Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in respect of any Allotment veiled in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by virtue of this Act 2 Provided always, that this Act shall not defeat or prejudice the Right or In-tereft of The King's Most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Succef-fors, in or to any Mines of Coal, Lead Ores or any other Minerals whatsoever, in or under the same Forest, or any Part thereof; buC that His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and His or their Lessees and Grantees, Agents, Servants and Workmen, may search for, dig, raise and carry away all Coal, Lead Ores, Metals and all other Minerals whatsoever, as if this Act had not been passed.

XVIII. Saving always to The King's Most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and their Successors, and to all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, his and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, all such Estate, Right, Title, Interect, Claim and Demand whatsoever (other than and except such as is and are hereby-ex-

prested,

397

or as to Boundaries.

41 0.3. c. 109.

Powen of

55 O. 3. c.190. (Exception, ) to continue in force.

Final Awaid by Commiftionerc.

Proviso for His Majesty's Rights to Mines sod Minerals.

General Saving.

3M

58° GEO. JIT.

A-D. 1813.

C. 99* ioa

pressed, 'meant and intended to: be-barred, destroyed or extinguifhed), as they, every or any of them had or enjoyed in, to or out of the said Forest and Open Commonable Lands and Grounds, by the lad recited Act directed to be divided, allotted and* indofed before the passing of this Act, or could have had and enjoyed therein in ale this Act had not been passed.

CAP. C.

An Act for vesting in His Majesty certain. Parts of the Hayes of Birkland and Bilhagh, and of certain Commonable Lands and Open Uninclosed Grounds in the Township of Ei- winfiowe, within the Forest of Sherwood, in the County of Nottingham. [loth June 1818 ]

WHEREAS The King's Moll Excellent Majesty, in Right of His Crown, is feezed to Himself, His Heirs and Suc-4 ceffors, and entitled to the Soil of the Hayes of Birkland and*Bilhagh, in the Township of Edwinfiowe, within the Forest of 4 Sherwood, in the County of Nottingham, together with all Timber i 4 Trees, Wood and Underwood, growing, renewing. Handing and 4 being thereon; which Trad of Land called The Hayes of Birk-4 land and Bilhagh, is computed to contain One thousand four hun-* dred and eighty seven Acres s And Whereas4 there are within the i 4 said Township of Edwinfiowe certain other Commonable Lands 4 and Open and Unincloied Grounds, containing by Estimation ! 4 about One thousand six hundred Acres, the Soil whereof is veiled 1 4 in the several Lords of the Manors within which the said Com-4 monable Lands and Open and Uninclosed Grounds lie and are 4 situate; and the said Lords seised of the Sod thereof are entitled 4 to all the Timber Trees, Wood and Underwood, growing, Hand-4 ing and being thereon: And Whereas The King's Most Excel-4 lent Majesty being seised, in Right of His Crown, to Himself,

4 His Heirs and Successors, of the said Forest of Sherwood9 is enti-4 tied to certain Rights of Deer and Game, and other Forestal 4 Rights, over all the said Commonable Lands and Open Unio-4 doled Grounds: And Whereas the Most Noble William Henry 4 Cavendt/b Scott Duke of Portland, is or claims to be Lord of the 4 Manor of Edwinfiowe, and as such claims to be entitled to the 4 Soil of so much of the said Commonable Lands and Open Unifi-4 clofedGrounds a9 lies and is situate within the said Manor, together 4 with the Timber Trees, Wood and Underwood, growing, Hand-4 ing and being thereon: And Whereas the very Reverend the Dean 4 oi the Cathedral Church of the Blessed Virgin Mary of Lincoln,

4 and the Chapter of the same Church, are or claim to be Lords of 4 the Manor of Edwinfiowe Redory, and as such claim to be en-4 titled to the Soil of so much of the said Commonable Lands and 4 Open Uninclosed Grounds as lies and is situate within the same 4 Manor, together with all Timber Trees, Wood and Underwood,

4 growing, funding and being thereon: And Whereas the Right 4 Honourable Charles Earl Manvers is the LefTee of the said lift 4 mentioned Manor under the said Dean and Chapter: And Whereas 4 the said Duke of Portland, the said Earl Manvers, and divers 4 other Persons, are Owners or Proprietors of certain E dates in the 4 said Township of Edwinfiowe, within the said Forest of Sherwood,

6 4 and

A.D.1818.

58°. GFEO- im

C. roOi

m

4 and in respect thereof claim to be entitled (fafijeft to the Forestal

* Rights of His Majesty) to certain Rights of Common and other

* Rights in, over and upon the said Hayes of Birkland and' Bilbagb>

4 and the said other Commonable Lands and Open Umndofed*

* Grounds: And Whereas an Act was passed in the Forty tirft Yeftt* 41 G. 3. c. 109.

* of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for confo-

* lidating in One Act certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of In-4 closure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the fiveral Faftt 4 usually required on the Pqjpnv of such Acts: And Whereas the said 4 Hayes of Birkland and Bilbaght and the said Commonable Lands 4 and Open Uninclosed Grounds, in their present State are of lefs

< Value to His Majesty, or to the several Persons having such Claims

* or Rights thereon as aforesaid, than if the same were inclosed )

* and it would be of great Advantage to His Majesty and the Public 4 in general, and be advantageous to the several Persons having such

< Claims and Rights as aforesaid, if the said Hayes of Birkland 4 and Bilbaghy and the other Commonable Lands and Open Unin-4 closed Grounds within the Town ship of Ednuinjlovse, were dif-4 afforested, and if the same were divided and allotted to His Majesty

< and the several Persons entitled to and interested in. the same;

4 subject to the Limitations and Restrictions in this and the said 4 recited Act containedMay it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Adam Commissioneri Murray of Saint Martin'/ Lane* Westminstery in the County of Mid- appointed. dlefex9 Gentleman, on the Part and behalf of His Majesty, and John Parkinson of IVellow, in the said County of Nottingham, Gentleman, on the Part and behalf of the several Persons having Rights

and Interests in the said Commonable Lands and Open Uninclosed Grounds hereby authorized to be divided and allotted, and their Succeifors, to be nominated and appointed in manner hereinafter mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commiffipners for dividing, allotting and inclosing the said Hayes of Birkland«and Bilhaghy and the other Commonable Lands and Open Unincldfed Grounds within the said Township of Edwinjlovte, and for carrying into Execution the several other Purposes of this Act, in such manner as is hereinafter provided or mentioned, and with such of the Powers, and subject to such of the Rules, Orders, Regulations and Restrictions contained in the said recited Act, as are not varied, altered or otherwise provided for by this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Commiflioncr shall aft in Oath of Com-the Execution of any of the Powers by the said recited Act or this raiflionen. Act granted^ save and except in the signing and giving Notice of the Fir ft Meeting of the said Commissioners), until he mail have takeh and subscribed the following Oath, in Addition to the Oath by the said recited Act directed to be taken; such Oath to be administered and enrolled in like manner as the Oath by the said recited Act, pr»> feribed to be taken by Commissioners for executing Acts of Inclo-sure, is directed to be administered and enrolled; which additional Oath shall be in the Words or to the EfFeft following j that is to say,

* T A, Bn do swear [or, being One of the People called Quakers, do 4 affirm]. That I am neither Proprietor or Occupier of, -nor^eo 4 the best of my Knowledge, am I concerned as Guardian, Steward

* or

400

G roo.

58° GEO. IIL

A.D.1818.

4 or Agent for any Proprietor of Messuages, Houses, Cottages, Lands

* or Grounds, or other Person having or claiming any Right of Com* 4 mon, or any Manorial Rights, or any other Right or Interest in,

4 over or upon the Hayes of Birkland and Bilbagb, or the other 4 Commonable Lands and Open Uninclosed Grounds to be allotted 4 and inclosed by virtue of an Act, passed in the Fifty eighth Year

* of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [infert the Titk 4 of this; and that I will honestly and faithfully, as a Com-' missioner under the said Act, execute and discharge the Poven 4 and Authorities thereby given to me.

4 So help me GOD.'

new Comma--5 HI. And be it further enacted. That in case the said Adam

tioners.*raJ* hereby appointed the Commissioner for and on behalf of Hu Majesty, or any Person to be nominated and appointed a Commissioner in his Room or Stead, by virtue of this Act, shall die, refuse or neglect to act, or become incapable of acting as such Commissioner in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the time being cf His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, by any Writing under their Hands, within One Calendar Month next after such Death, Refusal or Incapacity to ad as aforesaid shall be made known to them, to nominate and appoint a proper Person (not intereffied in the said Division and Inclolure) to be a Commissioner in the Room or Stead of the said Adam Murray, or of such other Person nominated or appointed in his Room or Stead, so dying, refusing, negle&ingor becoming incapable to ad as. aforesaid; and so from time to time a often as any Commissioner, to be nominated and appointed by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Rew* nues as aforesaid, shall die, refuse, neglect or become incapable to ad as such Commissioner in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act; and in case the said John Park inf on, or any Person to be nominated or appointed in his Room or Stead by virtue of this Act, shall die, refuse or neglect to ad, or become incapable to ad in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, then and in every such case the surviving or remaining Commissioner shall, within One Calendar Month next after such Death, Neglect, Refusal or Incapacity shall happen to be known to him, or in case of his Doth, Neglect, Refusal or Incapacity, then the Clerk for the time being of the said Commissioners shall summon a Meeting (of which Meeting Twenty one Days' Notice shall be given, by Advertisement, in force Paper usually circulated in the said Town(hip of 1Edwinslow, or County of Nottingham), of all and every the Owners ana Proprietors claiming such Rights as aforesaid, to be holden within Thirty Days from the Date of such Notice; and the major Part in Value of such Owners and Proprietors, who shall be present in Person, or by their respective known Agents, or by their Proxies, duly authorized for that Purpose at such Meeting or Meetings (such Valor, in case of any Difference or Dispute touching the same, to be afeer-tained by Reference to the Land Tax Affeifment of the said Parish of Edwinftonve), shall, and they are hereby required, at such Meeting to nominate and appoint, by any Writing under their Hands, a proper Person or Persons (not interested in the said Division and Inclolure) to be a Commissioner in the Room and Stead of the said John Parkinson, or of such other Person to Ije nominated and appointed

58° GEO. III.

G. 100.

401

pointed in the Room'or Stead of hi pi so dying, refuting, negieding or becoming incapable to ad as aforesaid, and so from time to time as often as any such case /hall happen; and every such Commissioner so to be nominated and appointed /hall, after taking and subscribing the Oaths prescribed in that behalf, have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying the said recited Act and this A d into Execution, and /hall be subject and liable to the like Rules, Regulations and Restrictions as if -he had originally been nominated a Commissioner in and by this Act.

IV. And beit further enacted, That if the said Commissioners Commif-

for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, ForefU and Land Re- ^nlte^withiu venues, or the said Persons claiming such Righu as aforesaid, or the time pre-any of them, /hall make Default in nominating and appointing any fcril*d, the new Commissioner, so directed to be nominated and appointed by a&in* CommH*-them, or any of them respectively as aforesaid, within the respective ^erAt0 'times for that Purpose limited, and in manner aforesaid, then and in ppo, nt"

e?MT such case it /hall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Com- *

mimoner, and he is hereby required from time to time by Writing

under his Hand, within One Calendar Month after the Expiration of such respective times so allowed for nominating and appointing such new and succeeding Commissioner as aforesaid, to nominate and appoint a proper rerfon (not interested in the said' Division and Indofure) to be a Commissioner in the Room or Stead of every such Commissioner so dying, refusing, negieding or becoming incapable to ad as aforesaid $ and every* Commissioner so nominated and appointed shall, after taking and subscribing the Oaths prescribed in that behalf, have the like Power and Authority for carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, andt shall be subject and liable to the like Rules, Regulations and Restrictions as if be had been originally nominated a Commissioner in and by this Act.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if either of Corrmiflfioners the said Commissioners hereby nominated or any Commissioners to be n«fle£*in« to nominated or appointed by virtue of this Act, shall wilfully refuse or ?llend M«t-negled to attend at the First Meeting appointed to be holden for

carrying this Act into Execution, and duly qualify himself by taking toraif#.and subscribing the Oaths prescribed in that behalf; or if either of the said Conurfiffioners (hail, at any time after the First Meeting, wilfully absent himself from any Three successive Meetings appointed to be holden by virtue of this Act, or having been absent from Two successive Meetings /hall not attend during the whole'of the Third or* next succeeding Meeting (fach Meetings being known to him, either bj his being present at the Appointment thereof, or by Notice thereof in Writing having been given to him or left at his iaft or usual Place of Abode by the Clerk to the said Commissioners); and such Commissioner not having been prevented, by Sickness or other reason-able Cause to b£ allowed by the other Commissioner, from continuing or 'attending at any such Meeting or Meetings, or if any Commif-ffiotier to be nominated and appointed in manner by this Act directed,

shall not attend and qualify himself to ad as a Commissioner in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, at the First Meeting of the Commissioners after his Nomination or Appointment, or shall thereafter wilfully absent himself -from Three successive Meetings to be holden by virtue of this Act, or having been absent from Two fucc<- '* shall not attend the whole of the Third next fuc-

Dd

ceeding

402

C. lOOi

58 geo: hi.

A. D. 1818,

Not Heing pro-vented by Sickness, 8c c.

Power to Com -missioners to *p-point Clerks

Appointment of an Umpire.

Umpire to take an Oath.

Surveyors bow to be appointed.

ceeding Meeting, (such Meetings being known to him.in manner aforesaid, and loch Commissioner not hating been prevented by Sickness, or other reasonable Cause to be allowed by the other Com-mifiioner, from attending or continuing at such Meeting or Meet* ings, ) then and in every such case such Absence or Non Attendance shall be deemed and taken to be a'Refusal to ad within the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to appoint a Clerk to assist thpm in the Execution of 'the said recited Act and this Act, and shall and may remove such Cler|p and appoint another in hh Room, as to them shall seem meet; and in case of the Death, Incapacity, Neglect or declining to ad, of any such Clerk, then and in any such case the said Commissioners (nail and may appoint any other Person they mar think proper to be their Clerk.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Difference shall arise between the said Commissioners, touching or concerning arty matter or thing to be done by them, by virtue or in the Execution of the said recited Act' or this Act, whereupon the said Commif-(ioners shall differ in Opinion, then and in every such case such Difference shall be forthwith referred to fttch fit and proper Person (nofinterefted in the said Division and Inclosure) as the said Commissioners shall, by Writing under their Hands, appoint as Umpire between them, and which Appointment they are hereby required to make at their First Meeting to be held under this Act; and the matter upon which such Difference shall arise shall be settled and determined by such Person so to be appointed Umpire, whose Determination therein shall be reduced into Writing, and shall be binding and conclusive upon all Parties whomsoever (except at* to such Right of Appeal as is given by the said recited Act or this Act); and for the Purposes aforesaid such Umpire shall have and he is hereby veiled with the same Powers and Authorities as By the said recited Act and this Act are given to or veiled in the said Commissioners.

VIII. Provided always* and be it further enacted, That no Ffcr-fon shall be. capable of a&ihg as Umpire as aforesaid, until he shall have taken and subscribed an Oath in the Form or to the Effcd following; that is to say,

' J A* B. do swear [or, being One of the Peopl? called QnaUn} 4 do solemnly affirm]. That I will faithfully, impartially and ho-

* neftly, according to the best of my Skill and Judgment, execute

* and perforin the several Powers and Authorities veiled and repo fed 4 in me as an Umpire, by virtue of an Act passed in the Fifty 4 eighth Year of the Reign* of King George the Third, intituled

* An AB \here insert the Title of this according to Equity and

* good Conscience, and without Favour or Afsection, Prejudice or

* Partiality to any Person or Persons wbomsoever.

* So help me GOD*'

Which Oath the said Commissioners, or either of them, are and is hereby empowered to administer? and such Oath, and nlfb the Writing appointing such Umpire, shall be annexed to end enrolled with the final Award of the find Commissioners.

IX* And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Faitftt and Land

Revenues,

A.D.1818.

58° GEO- IIL

C. 100-

403

c

i

I

j

Revenues, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this AA, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to nominate and appoint some fit and proper Person and Persons (not interested in the said pivifionr and Indofure)* to be the Surveyor oar Surveyors for viewing, surveying and measuring the said Hayes of Birkland and Bilhagh, and the other Commonable Lands and Open Unindofed Grounds within the said Township of Edwnftowe, by this AA to be divided, allotted and indofed; and such Surveyor or Surveyors is and are hereby accordingly authorized and directed, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, to jiew, survey and measure the Hayes of Birkland and h'tlhagh, and the Commonable Lands and Open Unindofed Grounds within the said Township of Edminjlo'mc, and to describe and lay down the same by way of Map or Plan, and thereon, or in a Book of Reference to be annexed thereto, shall be set forth the Number of Statute Acres, Roods and Perches of the said Hayes and Commonable Lands and Unindofed Grounds; and that when and so soon as the said Surveyor or* Surveyors shall have fini(hed and completed the said Survey, Map or Plan, he of they shall, by Notice in. Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, apprize the said Commissioners thereof, and appoint a time and Place for meeting with them, of which Ten Days* Notice at lead shall be given to each of the said .Commissioners; at which Meeting the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall deliver to the said Com* missioners present at'fuch Meeting his or their Survey and Plan, and Book of Reference, and shall lubfcribe the same with his or their Name or Names, in the Presence of the said Commissioners, who shall attest the same.

X- And be it further enacted, That no Person shall a A as a Sur- Surveyor** veyor in the Execution of any of the Powers hereby given, until he

shall, have taken and subscribed the Oath following; that ia to fay,

* T A.B. do swear {or, tfting One of the People called* Quaker*, do < solemnly affirm], hat 1 will faithfully, impartially and honestly,

* to the best of my Skill and Judgment, execute the several Powers

* Xnd Authorities veiled and reposed in me, as a Surveyor, by virtue 4 of an*AA passed in the Fifty eighth Year of the Reign of King ' George the Third, intituled An Ad [here in/ert theTitle of this Ad],

4 without Favour or AffeAion, Prejudice or Partiality, to any Person 4 of Persons whomsoever. < So help me GOD.*

* Which Oath it shall be lawful for either of the said Commissioners to administer j and the said Oath when so taken shall be written on Parchment, and subscribed by the said Surveyor, and duly attested by the said Commissioners'under their Hands, and lhalt. be enrolled with the final Award to be made by the said Commissioners,

XI- Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Appointment of said Surveyor or Surveyors so to be appointed as aforesaid, or any n*c Surveyor#, succeeding Surveyor to be appointed in manner hereinafter mentioned, , n case of De*th, shall die, refuse, neglect to aA or become incapable of acting in the Execution of the said recited AA and this AA, then and in every

such case, it shall be lawful for the Commififoners for the time being of His Majesty*$ Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, by any Writing under their Hands, within One Calendar Month next after such Death, Refusal, NegleA or Incapacity as aforesaid shall be made Jtnown to them, to nominate and appoint fonfe other fit and proper

* D d 2 Perfjn

404

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

C.100.

I

Tf Commissioners of Woods, &c. nejrlcft to appoint, Com: missioner* under the Act to have the Power.

Meetings of Commissioners.

Notice of Meet. iogt to be given.

Person (not interested id the said Division and Inclosure) to be a Surveyor in the Room or Stead of any Surveyor so dying, refafing or neglecting to ad, or becoming incapable of acting in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act; and every Surveyor so nominated and appointed shall, after taking and subscribing the Oath prescribed in this behalf, have the like Powers and Authorities, and shall be subject and liable to the like Rules, Regulations and Re* ftridions, as if he had been originally appointed a Surveyor by virtue of this Act.

XII. And bo it further enacted. That if the Commifiionen for tho time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Reve-nues, shall make Default in nominating and appointing any Surveyor or Surveyors so directed to be nominated and appointed by them as a fore said, within the time for that Purpose limited, and in manner aforesaid; then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act, and they ire hereby required from time to time, by Writing under their Hands, within One Calendar Month after the Expiration of the time so allowed for nominating and appointing anj new and succeeding Surveyor or Surveyors as aforesaid, to nominate and appoint a proper Person (not interested in the said Division and Inclosure) to be a Surveyor in the Room or Stead of any such Surveyor so dying, refuting or becoming incapable to ad as aforesaid; and every Surveyor To nominated and appointed shall, after taking the Oath prr scribed in that behalf, have the like Powers and Authorities, and be subject to the like Rules and Restrictions as if he had been originally appointed a Surveyor under and by virtue of this Act.

>XIII. And be it further enacted, That the First Meeting of the said Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution shall be held at the House of Mary H'trjl, the Sign of The Rqyal Oak, in Edwit-flow, or at Tome other convenient Mace in the Township of Edwnflom> within Two Calendar Months at the farthest next after the passing of this Act; and that the said Commissioners shall caofe Notice in Writing to be affixed upon each of the outer Doors of the Church of the Parish of Edwinfllovvc; and also Notice by Advcrdfe-ment to be inserted in the Nottingham Journal Newspaper, if thes published, and if not, then in some other Newspaper or Newfpapen usually circulating in the said Township of Edwinjlotue or County of Nottingham, of the time and Place of their First and every fob-fequent Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted) for the Execution of the Powers of this Act veiled in them, Fourteen Days at least before the time appointed for such respective Meetings; and in case only One of the said Commissioners mall attend at the time and Place appointed for any Meeting, or to which any Meeting shall be adjourned, it shall be lawfiu for such Commissioncr so attending, and for the Clerk of the said Commissioners, in case neither of the said Commissioners shall attend, to adjourn such Meeting, to be holden at any future Day, not exceeding Twenty one Days from the Day of Adjournment, at the same or some other convenient Place in the Township of Edwinstowe, or within Three Miles thereof; and the Commissioner or clerk so making such Adjournment is hereby required to give timely Notice thereof to the absent Commissioner or Commissioners, and that the said Commissioners shall have

Power

Jt.D.1818.

58* GEO. IH.

e.

405

Other Notice* how to be given.

Claims of Right. to be produced to the Commissioners.

Comini(Eoners may settle Disputes as.to Rights or Inter-efts claimed; but not Title.

Power to adjourn any Meeting to be held by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act from time to tim£ as they mav think convenient.

XIV. And be it further ena&e<^ That all other Public Notices requisite or necessary to be given by the said Commissioners, shall be given by Advertisement to be inserted in the said Nottingham Journal Newspaper, if then published, and if not, then-in some other Newspaper or Newspapers usually circulating in the said Township of Edwinftowc or County of Nottingham, and also affixed on* the principal outer Door of the Pariffi Church of EdwinRowe aforesaid.

XV. Provided alyvays, and be it enacted, That all Persons haying or claiming any Estate, Interest or Rights in or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, shall by themselves or their Agents deliver their respective Claims, in Writing to the said Commissioners, at a Meeting to be holden for that Pnr-pose, in manner directed by the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, of which Meeting Twenty one Days' Notice iri Writing, under the Hands of the said Commissioners, expressing the Purpose of. such Meeting, shall be given in manner hereinbefore directed.

XVI. And be it further enacted. That in case any Dispute or Difference shall arise between any of the Parties interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure, touching or concerning the respective Rights and Interefts- which they, or any of them.(half have or claim tQ have in the same, or.touching or.concerning affty other matter or thing relating to the said Division and Inclosure, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to examine into, hear and determine the same respectively: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize the said Commissioners to determine the Title to any MefTuages, Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments what fee ver.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Com* missioners shall upon the' Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Obje&ions to be delivered to them in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, fee Cause to award any Costs, . chims wdOb" then and in such case It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and jettions. they are hereby empowered upon Application made to them for that

Purpose, to settle, assess and award such Costs and Charges as they shall think reasonable, to be paid either to the public Account for or towards the Expences occafipned in or relating to the investigating, settling and determining of such Claim or Claims if finally disallowed, or to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any Determination of the said Commissioners shall be made, by the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate* whose Claim or Claims,

Obie&ion or Obje&ions, shall be thereby difallowed* or overruled; and in case the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, who shall be liable to pay such CofU and Charges, shall neglect or refuse to pay the same on Demand, then and in every case it mall and may be lawful for the Said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands, directed to any Person or Persons whorosoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods, and Distress. Chattels of the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, so neglecting or refuting to pay the same, ren-

D d 3 dering

Power to Com. miffloners to aflef* Costs relative to difpute*

406' c. KXL 58* GEO. III. A.D. 1818*

dering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Perfoa or Persons, or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained ancWfold, after deducing the CofU and Charges attending such Distress and Sale*

Parties may try XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or their Rights by Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, interefLed w ue at aw. Qr c]ajmfng to be interfiled in -the said intended Division and Allotments, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Com-mifliemers, touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of any Right of Common or other Rights or InterefU whatsoever, in, over or upon the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted or mdosed, or any Part or Parts thereof, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate so difsatisfied; to cause an Action to be brought, upon a feigned I flue, against the Person br Persons in whose Favour such Determination fhaU have been made, or against the said Commissioners, if the Subject of their Determination shall he of such a Nature as will affect the Perlbni in general mterefted in the said Division and Indosure, within Three Calendar Months next after such Determination or Order of the said Commissioners shall have been notified in Writing to the Party or Parties Proceeding*. interested therein, and shall proceed to a Trial or Trials at Law at the then next or at the following Assizes to be holden for the (kid County of Nottingham; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, (he or they is and they%re hereby required to name an. Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto or file Common Bail, andaccept One Or more Issue or lffues whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby insisted os, may be tried and determined; such KTue or lffues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action or Actions shall be commeneed, in case the Parties differ about the same; and the Verdi& or Verdi&s which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be binding, final and conclusive upon all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, unless the Court wherein such Action or* Actions shall be brought shall fet aside such Verdi& or VerBi&s, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do as is usual in other cases; and after such Verdict or Verdi&s shall be obtained, and not fet aside by the Court, the said Commissionecs shall and they are hereby required to act in Conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of such Trial or Trials \ and all Costs and Charges payable by the said Commissioners in such Action or Actions, flail be paid and discharged out of the Monies to be raised by them for the Purposes of this Act.

In what case XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted. That the Determination

Determination of the said Commissioners, touching such Claim or Claims of any of the Comma- Right of Common, or other Rights or Intereffs in, over or upon the loners ua said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, or any Part thereof, shall, in case such Determination flail not be so objected to, or, being objected to, such Action or Actions*at Law shall not- be brought and proceeded in within the time and

manner herein far that Purpose mentioned, be final and conclufive

upon

407

A.D.idifc

58* GEa in.

C.100.

upon all and every Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate.

XX. And be it further enacted, .That if either of the Parties, in any Action to be brought or Appeal had in pursuance of this Act, shall die pending the same, such Action or Appeal shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened. \

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted. That no such Difference, Dispute or Proceeding, touching the Title to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall impede or delay the said Com* missioners iq the Execution of this Act; but the Division or Inclo-fure hereby directed to be made shall be proceeded in notwithstanding any such Difference, Suit or Proceeding; and the said Commissioners shall, by proper Marks and Bounds, set out the Lands and Grounds which shall be allotted in lieu'of such litigated Property, so that the same may be distinguished from any other 'Lands and Grounds, and may be had and taken by the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, who, upon the Determination of such Difference, shall be entitled to the same.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons in whole Favour any such Determination ^8 aforesaid shall have been made, and against whom any Action or Actions might have been brought if living, shall die before any such Action or Actions shall have been brought, and before the Expiration of the time hereinbefore limited for bringing such Action or Actions, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, who might have brought such Action or Actions against the Person or Persons so dying, to bring the same within the time so limited as aforesaid against such Person or Persons as if actually living, and to serve the .Clerk to the said Commissioners with Procefc for commencing such Action or Actions, in the same manner as the Party or Parties so dying might have been served therewith if living; and it shall thereupon be incumbent on the Heir or Heirs, or other Person or Persons who shall claim the Benefit of such Determinations, as aforesaid, . to appear and defend such Action or Actions in the Name or Names of the Person or Persons so dead, and Proceedings shall be had therein in the same manner as if such person or Persons. had been actually living'; and the Rights of all Parties shall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of such Action or Actions.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further, enacted. That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to enable the said Commissioners to determine any Right between any Parties, contrary to the Poffef-fion of any such Parties, excepting cases erf Encroachment; but in case the said Commissioners shall be of Opinion against the Right of the Perfgn or Persons so in Possession, they shall forbear to make any Determination thereupon until the Possession shall have been given up-by or recovered Trom such Person or Persons by Eje&ment or other, due Course of Law.

XXIV.*And'be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons,

Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, shall consider him-self, "berfelf or themselves prejudiced or aggrieved by the Determination of the said Commissioners, refpe&wg the Limits or Boundaries of the bid Town ship of upon the said Lands

D d 4 and

Action not to abate by Death of Parties.

Disputes touching Tide not to lufpend Execution of Ad.

In case of the Death of intended Defendants in Action before Action brought, the Time to be carried on and defended in their Names.

Persons in Pet session (Exception) not to be molested without due Course of Law.

Its what case Trial of Boundaries by an I flue at Law instead of Appeal to Quarter

408

C; 100.

A.D. ISIS.

For adjusting Allotments, Commissioncn may adjudge Quantity and Value of Lands, *c. .

CommiflGoners to set out private Roads to His Majesty'* Allotments.

Power to turn and ft op Roads, on giving Notice and having the Content of Justices..

5Bft GEO. III*

and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, or of any Parish, Manor, Township, Hamlet, District or Place adjoining thereto, as the same shall be set out and ascertained by the said Commissioners pursuant to the said recited Act of the Forty firff Year of. the Reign of His present Majesty, and shall by Writing under his, her or their Hands or Hand give Notice to the said Commissioners, within Three Calendar Months next after such Determination, of his, her or their Desire to have the same determined by an Issue at Law, instead of an Appeal to the Quarter Seffioos, under the Provisions of the said last-recited Act; then .and in such case it shall be lawful for* the Person qr Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, so difiatisfied with such Determination; to have the same ascertained by Trial of an Issue* at Law, tinder the Provisions of this Act, in such and the like manner' as in case of any disputed Right or Claim.

XXV. And be it further ena£}ed, That for the Purpose of ad-jufting the Allotments of Land to be made to the several Persons entitled to any Right of Common upon the said Hayes or Commonable Lands and Uninclosed Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized to adjudge and determine.the Quantity and Value of ail and every of the Lands in virtue whereof such Right of Common is claimed and allowed; and to rate and efiimate the same as to them shall seem just and reasonable, according to the real Value thereof, for the Purposes of Husbandry, without regard to any artificial or extraordinary Value arising from local, temporary or other peculiar Advantages; and such their Judgment and Determination shall be binding and conclusive upon all Parties whomsoever: Provided, that nothing herein contained shall' extend to authorize the said Com* missioners, or any of thefn, to consider any ancient Messuage or Building, or Scite thereof, in respect whereof any Right of Common shall be allowed, * at any more or greater Value than any other ancient Messuage or Buildipg, or Scite thereof; but the said Commissioners shall rate and efiimate all ancient Messuages and. Buildings, and Scites thereof, at ah equal Value one with another, and at such Value as they shall think most expedient.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to set out fuchf and so many private Roads and Ways as shall be necessary for giving to His Majesty, His Heirs, Successors and Assigns, and to the Commissioners for the time being. of His Majesty9* Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, and the Deputy Clerk and Servants of such Commissioners, convenient Access to the Allotments of His Majesty to be set out under the Authority of this Act. .

XXVII. And be it further enacted. That the said Commissioners shall and may turn or abate, and flop up, or order to be turned or abated and stopped up, any ancient Carriage Road or Way, Roads or Ways, efccept Turnpike Roads or ancient -Footway or Path, FootwayB or Paths, in, through, upon or over any of the said Hayes and Commonable Lands, and Open Uninclosed Grounds, hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, where they shall judge it requisite or expedient, giving such Notice of a Day to be appointed by them to receive Objections, as in the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty is dire&ed

or

A.D. 181ft

58« GEO. III.

C. 100.

4011

or required in the case of setting oift the Roads and Ways therein mentioned, and observing the Directions of the said recited Act as to the obtaining the Concurrence and Order of Two Justices of the Peace previous* thereto, and subject to an Appeal to the Quarter Sessions, as in the said recited Act is mentioned.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered to direct, order and award all Streams of Water, Springs and Water-courfes within the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, to be carried and conveyed, in such Courses, and through such of the said Lands and Grounds so hereby intended to be divided, allotted and inclosed, as they in their Discretion shall think necessary and proper for the Purposes aforesaid: Provided always, that no such Streams of Water, Springs or Watercourses shall be diverted' or turned without the Consent in Writing of the Person or Persons from and into whose Lands the same shall be carried or conveyed.

XXIX. And.be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be. after setting Out Public Roads and Highways as by the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty is dirested, to set out and ailot, unto and for the Surveyors of the Highways of the said Township of Edwinftowe, so much and such Part or Parts of the said Commonable Lands and Open Uniuclofed Grounds to 'be divided, allotted and inclosed, not exceeding Three Acres, and in such Places, as (he said Commissiouera shall think proper, for getting Stone, Gravel or other Materials for the Repairs for Private Roads and Highways within the said Township; and any Grass and Herbage arising therefrom shall be and the same are hereby veiled in the said respective* Surveyors of the Highways for the time being, who shall let; the same, and account respecting. the Rents and Profits in the same manner as they are by Law liable to account for other Monies collected and received by them as Surveyors as aforesaid.

XXX. And bp it further enacted, That when the Survey of* the said Lands and Grounds by this Act intended to be divided, allotted and inclosed, shall Have been made and delivered to the said Com* missioners for carrying this Act into Execution, and the Boundaries thereoF shall have been duly settled, and when, pursuant to the Powers hereinbefore contained, the several Pieces of Ground for Roads, Highways and Places for getting Materials for the Repairs of the Roads shall have been set out, the said Commissioners shall, as soon as may be, * proceed to value the whole of the said Hayes of Birhland and Bilbagb, and other Commonable Lands and Open Uninclosed Grounds within the said Township of Edwinftowc aforesaid; and when and so soon as such Valuation shall have been made, the said Commissioners shall set out and allot in Severalty unto The King's Most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, - one full Moiety or Half Part (Quantity, Quality and Value being considered) of the Lands and Grounds comprized within the said Hayes of Birhland and Bilhagb, the Soil whereof is veiled in His Majesty for and as a Confederation for such Right of Soil, and for all the Rights and Interests of His Majesty/His Heirs .and SuccefUbni, in and to the stud Hayes of Birhland and Bilbarb; and the said Commissioners shall in the next

Place

Appeal.

Commissioners empowered to torn Watercourses with Consent of Proprietor* of Lands.

Allotments for Repairs of private Roads to he made to Surveyors of Highways.

Allotments to His Majesty.

410

C. 100.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

A certain Allotment tikeu ia Satisfs&ioo of H'»s M*jelly's Forestal Rights.

Award of the Crown** Ailot, merits, Three Originals, Two enrolied, and One depolited with Clerk of the Peace of the Cpnnty of Not-ingham.

Allotments to Lords for Right ef Soil.

Place set out and allot in Severalty unto The King** Most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, so much and such Part and Parts of the other Commonable Lands and Open Uninclosed Grounds, within the said Town ship of Edv)inftow% not comprized in the said Hayes, as in the Judgment of the said Commiilioners shall (Quantity and Quality and Situation considered) be equal in Value to One Thirty second Part of the whole of the said Commonable Lands and Open Uninclosed Grounds which shall remain after making such Allotments as aforesaid, the -faid lad mentioned Allotment to be set out as near the former as conveniently may be, and to be deemed and taken .to be as a Compensation and in Satisfaction of His Majesty** Rights of -Deer, Game and other Forestal Rights; and so soon as the same shall be fevered from the Lands adjoining thereto, the Allotments of One Moiety or Half Part of the said Hayes, and Ope Thirty second Part of the other Commonable Lands and Open Uninclosed Grounds shall become and remain the exclufire and absolute Property of The King's*Most Excellent Majesty, Hi# Heirs and Successors, freed, exonerated and for ever discharged of and from *11 Right of Common of Pasture, Common of Eftovecs, and all other .Rights of what Nature or Kind soever, and of all and singular the Owner3 and Occupiers of Manors, Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments; who at the time of passing this Act were entitled to any such Rights thereon, or of any other Person or Persons whomsoever.

XXXI. And be it further enacted* That when and so soon as the said Commiilioners shall have fet#out the Allotments hereinbefore directed to be set out to. His Majesty; His Heirs and Successors, they shall prepare ah Award, with a Map or Plan annexed thereto, and which Award shall be prepared and executed within Two Years after the passing of this Act* and whereof there shall be Three Original*, One to be enrolled in the Court of Exchequer at IVeji-minster, another in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue, there to remain on Record, and shall afterwards be filed and preserved amongst the Muniments of the Office of the Commiilioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time being; such Award, or the Enrolment thereofi to be produced, read and received in Evidence on all Occasions where any Question, Doubt or Controrerfy shall or may arise relating to or affecting the Rights and Interests of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in respect of any Allotment vested in The King's Most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by virtue of this Act; and the Third of the said Awards fttfll be depolited with the Clerk of the Peace of the said County of Nottingham.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Comnuffiooers shall assign, set out and ailot, unto and for the Lord or Lords of the several Manors of Edwinfiowe and Edv/'tnfloivc Redory, so much of the said Commonable Lands and Open (Jninclofed Grounds within the said Township of Edwinjlow as in the Judgment of the said Commiilioners shall be equal in Value (Quality, Quantity and Situation confideVed) to One eighteenth Part thereof; and such Allotments shall be a full Recompence and Compensation for the Right of such Lord or Lords in and for the Soil of the said Commonable Lands and Open Uhinclofed Grounds, apd shall be divided and apportioned

. between

' c. loo.

411

A.D. 1818. 58* GEO. III.

between the said respective Lords, according to their refpc&ive Rights and Iuterefts.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required, after making such Allotments as are hereinbefore mentioned, to divide, set out and allot the other Moiety or Half Part of the said Hayes of Birkland and Bilbagb, and all the Rest, Residue and Remainder of the said Commonable JLands and Open Uninclosed Grounds within the said Town ship of Edwinstowe, unto and amongst all and every the Person and Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, entitled to the Commonage in, over or upon the same, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, according to their several and respective Estates, Rights and Interests. therein, as they the said Commissioners shall adjudge and deem to be a fair and equal Compensation and Satisfaction for such their several and respective Estates, Rights and other Interests as aforesaid, due Regard being had, in settling the Quantum of each Allotment, to the Quality and Situation of the Land to be comprized therein.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Timber Trees, Wood and Underwood, growing, (landing and being on any Allotments of that Moiety or Half Part of the said Hayes of Birkland and Bilbagb hereby intended to be divided and allotted unto and amongst the several Persons entitled to Rights of Common, at the time when such Division and Allotment (half take place, shall become and be the Property of the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, to whom such Allotment or Allotments shall be made or set out, such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, paying the Value of the same to the Coramif-fioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues; and in case the CommissionerB of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, and any Person to whom such Allotment shall be made, cannot agree on the Price or Value to be paid for any Timber Trees, Wood or Underwood growing and being on any such Allotment, the Value of* such Timber Trees, Woods or Underwoods, shall be referred to, settled and ascertained by Tiyo indifferent Persons to be named as Arbitratoss, One of whom shall be chosen by the Commiilioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, and the other by the Person or Persons, Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, disputing such Value; and the said Two Persons so to be appointed as Arbitrators shall, within Three Calendar Months after being appointed, fix and ascertain the Value in Dispute; and their Decision therein shall be binding and conclu-five upon all Parties.concerned 5 or in case such Arbitrators shall dif-agree as to the Value of the said Timber Trees, Wood or Underwood, then the Value therepf shall be ascertained and determined by such other Person as the said Arbitrators shall nominate as an Umpire, who shall fix and determine the same within Tiiree Calendar Months after being appointed for that Purpose, and whose Decision therein shall be final and conclusive upon all Parties interefted-

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person 'shall neglect, for the Space of Three Calendar Months after the Value of any such Timber shall be ascertained, to pay for the (ame, or' shall be unwilling to purchase the same, and shall, within the same Spade of time after the setting out of any such Allotment,

Allotment of RcfiUne.

Timber growing on that Part of the Hayes to be allotted and divided, to become the Property of the Perfout to whom Allotments shall be «uade, an paying the Value to Commissioners of Woods, such Value to be settled by Agreement or Reference.

Timber not paid for within Three Months alter Valuation, to continue the , Property of H» Majesty.

C. 100,

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Commissioner* of Woods empowered to receive Money paid for Timber, How the same applied.

50 G. 3. c. 65.

Allotments to be delineated in a Plan, and fbewn to the Proprietors.

Notice by Commissioners of Meeting for hearing Complaints*

ment> refiife to treat with the said Commissioners of His Majesty'l Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time being, as to the Value of any such Timber Trees, Wood or Underwood, or to refer the Amount of such Value to Arbitration, in manner before mentioned, then and in every such case the Timber Trees, Wood and Underwood (landing, growing and being bn the Allotment or Allotments of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, shall continue to be and shall be the Property of His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeifors; and it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, His Heira and Succeifors, and His and their Agents, Servants and Workmen, at any time within Two Years after any such Allotment shall be set out to the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, to cut down, take and carry away all the Timber Trees, Wood and Underwood (landing, growing and being thereon, and which were Handing, growing and being thereon, at the time of setting out such Allotment or Allotments; and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues are hereby authorized 5md empowered to receive all such Sums of Money as shall be paid for the Value of any such Timber Trees, Wood and Underwood, and to apply the same, in the First Place, in the Payment and Discharge of all such Costs and Expences of this Act as are hereinafter directed to be defrayed and borne by His M»> jeftv; and if any Surplus Monies shall remain after Payment of all such Cods and Charges, such Surplus shall be paid into the Bank of England, and placed to the Account directed by an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for uniting the Office* of Surveyor General of the Land Revenue* of tie Crown, and Surveyor General of Hi* Majesty */ Wood*9 Forejh* Park* and Cbacei, to be raised in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, intituled ' The Account of the € Public Monies of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, *Forests and Land Revenues, t>eing the Woods and Forests Fund $' and shall be applied and disposed of in such and the like manner, and for such and the like Purposes, as the other Monies by fuck last mentioned Ad .direded or authorized to be paid in, carried over or placed to the same Account, are thereby authorized or directed to be paid, applied or disposed of.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said Commissioners shall have ascertained the respective Rights of the Persons interested in the said intended Inclosure, and also the respective Shares and Proportions by them proposed to be allotted to such Persons respectively in lieu thereof, they the said Commissioners shall give Notice in manner aforesaid of the Day or Days and Place where all Persons interested may peruse a Schedule of such intended Allotments, and infped the Map or Plan whereon the same shall be delineated, and may have and receive a Copy of such Schedule, as far as the same relates to each Person respectively; and as some Persons may, upon Perusal of the said Schedule, and Inspection of such Map or Plan, be. difTatisfied with their iutended Allotments, the said Commissioners shall give Notice of One Meeting at least to be held by them for hearing*Complaints and Objections against such intended Allotments, and for hearing and determining au such Objections; and their Determination in the Pnrmises, as to

Quality

413

A."D. 1818. 58° GEO. III. C. 100.

Quality and Situation, shall be binding finftl and conclusive to all Parties.

XXXVII. Aird be it further enacted, That all such Fences, or such Part or Parts thereof as the said Commissioners shall direct, shall for ever after the making thereof be kept in Repair by the Person or Persons who for the time being shall be entitled to such Allotment or Allotments, and all Fences in pursuance of this Act to be made for dividing and inclosing the Moiety or Half Part of the said Hayes of Biriland and Bilbagb, not allotted to His Majesty; and the Residue of the. said Commonable Lands and Open Uninclofcd Grounds shall be made, and at all times for ever thereafter repaired and maintained, by and at the Expence of the Proprietors interested therein, in such Parts and Proportions, and within such time and in such manner, as the said Commissioners shall in and by their Award direct or appoint.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if, owing to the Situation or other Circumstances of any Allotment or Allotments, it shall happen that the Proprietors thereof shall not have a proportionable Share of Boundary Fencing thereto, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, where they shall judge reasonable, to ascertain and determine the Sum or Sums of Money to be contributed and paid by such Proprietor or Proprietors towards the Expence of the Boundary Fencing of such other or others of the said Proprietors who may happen to have too great a Proportion thereof, in order that the Expences of the Boundary Fences may be brought as near as may be to a just and equal Proportijn, Regard being had to the necessary Subdmfion Fences within the respective Allotments; and the Money to be so ascertained and applied shall be levied and recovered in the same manner as Penalties are directed to be levied and recovered by the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of His Majesty's Reign.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every the Allotments to be made in pursuance of this Act for or in respect of any-Freehold Estates, shall be deemed and taken to be held and enjoyed as Freehold Estates; and all and eveiy the Allotments to be made for or in respect of any Copyhold or Customary Estates held of any Manor or Manors in which the Lands and Grounds to be indofed by virtue of this Act respectively lie or are (ituate, shall be deemed or taken to be as Copyhold or Customary Estates, and shall be held of the respective Lords thereof under the same Rents and by the same Customs and Services as the Copyhold or Customary Lands and Hereditaments for which they were so allotted are or ought to have been held, and shall pass by the like Surrenders as the Qppyhold or Customary Lands and Hereditaments in respect whereof such Allotments shall be made now pass.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That if any of the Persons interested in the said Division and Inclosure shall fell, or fttidl at any time hereafter, and before the Execution of the final Award of the said Commissioners, fell his, her or their Right, Interest or Property in, over and upon the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, or any Part thereof, to any other Person or Persons, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, to make an Allotment of Land unto the Vendee or Purchaser in such

Sale,

Fences of Allot* (rents of Kefidue to be kept in Repair by Proprietors.

SnisfaDion to be nude lor unequal Sliare of Boundary Fences.

Allotments to remain of the same Tenure.

Proviso for Sale of Allotments before the Execution of Award.

C.100.

J8* GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Sale, or to his or her Hein or Assigns, for or in respect of fuck Right, Interest and Property fold { and every such Vendee or Pur* chtfer, and his and her Hein and Assigns, shall and may, after the Completion of fitch Sale, hold the Land and Ground so to be allotted to him, her or them as aforesaid, in the same manner, pursuant to the Terms of such Sale, to all Intents and Purposes, aa the Vendor in every such Sale might, could or ought to have held and enjoyed the same in case such Sale had not been made.

Commissioners XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to allot Lands in to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised othe^whh1 anc* reclI"rc^* to fet ol, t» a^ot and award any Lands, Tenements

Ciwfentof or Hereditaments within the said Town(hip in which the said Lands

Owners. and Ground* hereby directed to be divided and allotted lie or are

iituate, or any Part thereof, in lieu of and in exchange for any other Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments whatsoever within the said Town ship, or within any adjoining Parish, Township or Plaqp, provided that all such Exchanges be ascertained, specified and declared in the Award of the said Commissioners, and be made with the Content of* the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which shall be so exchanged, whether such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, (half be a Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple or for Life, or in Fee Tail general or special, or by the Courtesy of Englandy or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives (by and with she Consent of the Leflor or Leflort thereof, and not otherwise), or with the Consent of the Guardians. Trustees, Feoffees for charitable or other-Ufes, Huibauds, Committees or Attornies of or acting for such Proprietors or Owners && aforesaid who at the time of making such Exchange or Exchanges shall be respectively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatics, or uoder other legal Incapacity*, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or otherwise dif-abled to act for tbemselyes, himself or herself; such Consent to be testified in Vftiting under the Common Seal of the ]8ody Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the othe^ Parties contenting respectively; and all and every such Exchange or Exchanges so to be made shall be good, valid and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Lands held in XLII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted. That no Right of JEccle- Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments fiaftical Benefice held in Right of any Church, Chapel or other EccleGaftical Bene-flee, without the Consent, testified as aforesaid, of the Patron thereof, of Patron, See. and of the Bi(hop of the Diocese or other Ordinary of the Ecclefi-aftical Jurisdiction in which such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so to be exchanged shall lie or be iituate. m

Fxpences of XLIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the CofL,

*VOW Charges and Expences attending the making or completing of all f* pal*Exchanges and Partitions under the Powers and Authorities in thi» Act and. the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Rdgn of His present Majesty, or either of them, shall be paid and borne by the several Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, making such Exchanges or Partitions, in such manner and in such Proportions as the said Commissioners shall order and direct, and to be recovered and recoverable in the same manner as any other

Expences

A.D. 1818.

58° GEO. III.

C. 100.

415

Kxptfncea ordered to be paid by (be said Commissioners are re* coverable. *

XLIV. And be it further enadfeed, That all Leafed and Agree* For nesting meats for Leases at Rack Rent* now subsisting of or affecting all or at Rack an y of the Lands and Grounds which shall be divided and allotted Rent* by virtue of this A dk, within the said. Town ship of Edwnfiowet shall cease and be void at such time and times as the said Com* mtffioners, by Writing under their Hands, to be affixed on the principal Doors of the Parish Church of Edwinftonve, shall direct, _ the respective LefTors or Landlords making such Satisfaction in Money to their Lessees or Tenants, for the Losses they shall sustain by the Determination of their refpedfcive Leases or Agreements, as the .said respective Parties shall agree upon, or as the said Coramif-fioners, upon an Application made to them in Writing by either Party, shall order and diredk; and if the Money so to be paid as aforesaid shall not be paid, according to the Diredkions of the said Commissioners, within Twenty* eight Days after Demand thereof in Writing under the Hand or Hands of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be payable, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required, to raise and levy the same, for the Use and Benefit of the Person or Persons'entitled thereto, by' such Ways and Means as Penalties are directed to be levied and recovered under and by virtue of the said Act of the Forty first Year of His MajestyProvided always, that nothing proviso for cer. herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to fet aside tain Leases upon or make void any Lense or Leases from any Bodies Politic, Corpa- Fine-rate or Collegiate, or Person or Persons, - for any Life or Lives, or for Twenty one'Years, or for any longer Term, for the granting of which a Fine has been taken of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments in the said Pariftt or Township or either of them, to any Person or Persons whomsoever; but the Person or Persons antitied to such beneficial Lease shall and may hold and enjoy his, her or their several and refftedtive Terms therein, and under the same Rents and Covenants as is or are specified in his, her or their respective Leases from the said Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Person or JPersons, to him, her or them respectively.

XLV- And be it further cnadked, That immediately after all the Rights of Corn-Allotments to be made in pursuance of this Act shall by Order of mon to cesfe. the said Commissioners be marked qr flaked out, all the several Shares or Allotments to be set out as aforesaid shall be, and be deemed and taken to be, in lieu and fn foil Compensation, Satisfaction and Difchafge of all Rights of Common, whatsoever, which the Persons interested in the Allotment or Inclosure, or any of them, could or might have had or been entitled to, in, over and upon the said Hayes of Btrkland and Bilbagb, and Commonable Lands and Open Unin-cbfed Grounds hereby diredked to be allotted and inclosed, or any Part or Parts thereof refpedkively, and from that time all Right of Common and other Rights whatsoever in or upon the said Hayes and

Lands and Grounds shall cease and. be for ever annulled, abolilhed and extinguityed: Provided nevertheless, that it shall be lawful for proyifo for Ex-the said Commissioners, at any time before the Execution of the said tin&kx> or Suf-- Award, by Notice in Writing under their Hands to be affixed upon penflon of cer-the principal outer Doors of the Parish Church of Edwinjloioc, to "in Rlgh, ' of order and diredk all or any Part of the. Rights of Common «*or over commissioners

4f - the

C. 100.

S* GEO. III

A*D. 1818.

nn Notire before Execution of Awird.

No Turf to be taken tway after the passing of the Act without Licence of Cox-rnifli oners.

Penalty.

CommiflUoners, with Consent of Lords of Manors and Owners, may set out Boundaries to be fenced as Com* mi (Boners shall direct.

Encroachments within io Yean considered Part of Ground in* closed.

the said Hayes, and other Lands and Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, to be extinguilhed, or the Exercise hereof to be suspended for and during such time or times as shall be expressed in such Writing; and all such Rights of Common as the said Commissioners shall by such Writing order and direct to be extinguilhed, or Exercise thereof to be suspended as aforesaid, shall, from the time mentioned in such Writing, cease, determine and be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof shall be suspended accordingly; any Law, Usage or Custom to* the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall after the palling-of this Act dig, cut or take away .any of the Turf, Bullies, Underwood, Soil, Gravel, Sand, Stone or Dung, to, upon or from any of the -Lands or Grounds to be allotted and in-clofed by virtue of this A£fc, for any Use or Purpose whatsoever, or under anj Right, Privilege or Claim whatsoever, without the Licence of the said CommifDoner first had and obtained "for that Purpose, then and in every such case, on due Proof made before any Justice of the Peace for the said County on Oath (which Oath such Jiffticc is hereby empowered to administer), it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby veauired, by Warrant under h» Hand and Seal, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause any Sum or Sums of Money not exc&ding Five Pounds to be levied by Distress and 'Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so offending in the Premises, rendering the Overplus (if any), on Demand, to the Person or Persons whole Goods and Chat-tels shall he so distrained and fold, after deducing the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale; and the Money so to be levied as aforesaid shall be applied towards the Payment of the Costs, Charges and Expenoes of executing this Act.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, 'That, in order to render straight and to (horten the Boundary Fences between the Lands and Grounds by this Act directed to be divided, allotted and indofed in the said Township of Ed+rinstow, and afty Parish, Township, Hamlet or Place adjoining thereto, or to make the same Boundary Fences regular, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, with the Consent in Writing under the Hand or Hands of the Lord or Lords of the Manor or Manors in which the Landi is lituate, and of the Owner or Owners of the Land upon which any Fence or Fences shall or may be intended to be made, to set out the Boundary or Boundaries between the Lands by this Act directed to be divided, allotted and indosed, and any adjoining Parish, Township, Hamlet or Place, in such manner as they shall think proper for the Purposes aforesaid; and after such Boundary oY Boundaries shall be lb let out as aforesaid, the same shall be fenced by such Person or Persons in such manner and at such time or times as the said Commissioners in and by their said Award shall order and direct; and the same shall for ever thereafter be deemed and taken to be the Boundary or Boundaries between the said Township .of EdwinfliDc and such adjoining Parish, Township, Hamlet or Place; any Law, Cuf-tom. or Usage to the contrary thereof in anywise uotwithftandhig.

XLVII I. And be it further enacted, That all Intakes or Encroachments made on the find Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and indosed, and which have been made within the Space of Twenty Years last past, shall be deemed and considered Part

T3 and

58 GEO. III.

C.100.

417

and Parcel of the Lands and Grounds to be allotted or inclosed by virtue of this Act, as if the same were actually lying open and uninclosed.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all such Occupation for encroachments as have been made and occupied without Interrup- more thtn *° tion for more than Twenty Years, shall become the Property of and are hereby veiled in the Persons who ffaall be the Owners or Ownerwiherein Proprietors thereof at the time of patting this Act; but such Per- mentioned, fons shall not, for or on account of any such Encroachment, be entitled to any Allotment for any Right of Common or other Right in or over the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be allotted and inclosed.

L. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein Proviso for contained shall extend or be construed, adjudged, deemed or taken Wills, Settle-to reyoke, annul or make void any Settlement, Deed, Will or Lease mcnu» whatsoever, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Debt, Change or Incumbrance in, out of, upon or over, or affecting the said Lands and Grounds so to be divided, allotted and inclosed, or exchanged by virtue of the said recited Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty or of this Act, or of any Part or Pared thereof; but that'the several Allotments to be allotted or given in exchange upon such Division or Inclosure thereof to the several Proprietors respectively,

shall, immediately after such Allotments or Exchange shall be made and set out, be, remain and enure, and be held and enjoyed, and the several Persons to whom the same shall be so allotted or exchanged as aforesaid shall from the signing the said Award (land, be feiled, and be possessed thereof refpedivdy, to such and the same Estates, and with such and the same Powers and Authorities for making Leases thereof or otherwise, and subject to such and the same Wills,

Limitations and Conditions, Settlements, Trusts, PrOvisions, Remainders, Reversions, Debts, Charges and Incumbrances (Right of Common and Common of Pasture, or other Rights as aforesaid, and such other Exceptions and Provisions as are herein made, only excepted), as the said several Lands and Hereditaments in respect or in lieu whereof, or in Right whereof, such Allotments were and are to be made to them respectively, Rood several ly limited or subject and liable unto at the time of making such Allotments respectively, or signing the said Award.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Provifofor in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to Right to Tithes, prejudice, lessen or defeat the Right, Title or Interest of the several Redors, Vicars and Lay Impropriators for the time being of any Parishes, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, in or to any Tithes, Great or Small, or any Competitions, Modufes or other Payments arising or renewing out of or payable for or in respect of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments within the said Town-(hip of Edwtnftowe; but that such Great and Small Tithes, Com-petitions, Modufes or other Payments shall be paid and payable at all times hereafter in such and the same manner as they woula have been in case this Act had not been made.

LII. And be it further enacted. That His Majesty's Rights of, His Majesty'a in and over the said Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be di- Rights in regard mdtd, allotted and incldfed, shall remain and condone vetted in His to ?*** »G«o. HI. Ee Majesty,

58° GEO. III.

A.D.181

CommiffiqMls Aall appoint.

Proviso for Lands aflually

inclofed.

The Hayes of Bilba&h and Birkland, &c. to be difkfforefled.

Expence* of the Afcl, &c. to be paid by His Majesty.

Other Expences how to be paid.

Proviso for the King.

Majesty, Hit Heirs and SuccefTora; and that all the Laws and Statutes of this Realm now in force for the Protection of Deer, and for punishing Persons guilty of any Offences in breach of such Laws, shall remain and continue in Force and Effect for the Protection of His Majesty's Deer within the Regard of the said Fore ft, and for the Punishment of Offences therein, until the Execution of the final .Award of the said Commissioners, or such time before the Execution thereof as the said Commissionen shall appoint; any thing in this A d contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwith-ftan ding: Provided always, that in case any Allotment or Allotments of the said Lands and Grounds so to be allotted, divided and inclosed as aforesaid, shall be actually inclosed, and the Fences thereof completed, before the Day which shall be named by the Commissioners for difafforefling the said Hayes and other Lands, then and in every such case >t shall be lawful for the Owner of any Allotment to hunt and hill any Deer within such Allotment, without being subject to any Pfin. Penalty or Punishment for so doing.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That after the Execution of the said final Award, or the said Day to be named by the said Coannif-fioners as aforesaid, all Right of Game of Deer, and all other Foreftai Rights and Privileges whatsoever of The Kang's Majesty, His Hein and Succeflbrs, and His or their Lefiee or Lefiees, or of all other Persons whomsoever, within, upon and over the said Hayes of JBiri-lamd and Bilbagb, and the said Commonable and Open and Unin-clofed Lands, shall cease, determine and be for ever extinguiffied, and the same shall be difafforested, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, and of setting out the Allotments by this Act directed to be made and set out to and for His Majesty, His Heirs and Snc-ceflors, and of making and enrolling the said First Award, shall be paid and borne by His said Majesty, His Heirs and Succeflbrs, out of any Money which is or shall be in the Hands of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues.

LV. And be it further enacted, That all other the Costs, Charges and Expences of carrying this Act into Execution, and of surveymg, dividing, subdividing and allotting the Lands and Grounds by this Act directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, unto and amongst the several other Owners and Proprietors of Lands having Rights of Common and other Rights, shall be borne and defrayed by such Lords of Manors, Owners or Proprietors respectively, in such Shares and Proportions, at such time or times, manner and Places, as the said Commissioners, either before or after the Execution of their said final Award, shall order, direct or appoint, by any Rate or Rates to be made by the said Commissioners for that Purpose (fave and except The King's Most Excellent Majesty, in respect of the Allotments to be made to Him, His Heirs and Successors, by virtue of this Act), and the Determination of the said Commissioners in.the Premises shall be final and condufive; and in die any Person or Persons shall neglect to pay his, her or their Share or Proportion of such Costs, Charges and Expences as aforesaid, .within the tune and in manner appointed by the.said Commissioners, then and in such case the said Commissiopers shall cause the same to be raised, levied and

recovered

58° GEO. III*

419

A.D.1818.

C. 100.

recovered in the manner prescribed and directed by the said first re* cited Act.

LVI- And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Perfoos whomsoever shall advance and pay any Money towards the Expences hereinbefore directed to be borne and defrayed by the Lords of Manors, Owners and Proprietors of Lands having Rights of carrying this Act into Execution, the Money so advanced and paid (hail be repaid.and Satisfied to him, her or them, by the Direction of the said CommffinpcrK together with lawful Interest for the same from the time of the Advancement thereof.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, on Application being made to them in Writing by any of the Hulbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees or At-tonnes of or for any of the said Proprietors or Persons intended in the Premifie^ being under Coverture, Minors, Idiots, Lunatics, or beyond the Seas, or under any other Disability or Incapacity, or by the Persons acting as such Guardians, Trustees, Committees or Attornies respectively, or by any of the Proprietors of the Lands hereby divided and allotted, or my Part thereof, who are or shall be Tenant or Tenants in Tail, or fox any Life or Lives, or any other Contingency, to mortgage or fell, either before or after the making of the said Award, Part of the Allotment or Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act, to such incapacitated Proprietor or Proprietors, or other Person or Persons by whom or on whose behalf any such Application shall be made as aforesaid, for the Purpose of railing a Sum of Money fufficieat to defray the respective Shares and Proportions of the Colts, Charges and Expences of executing the said first recited Act and this Act, which shall be charged upon and payable by such incapacitated Proprietors, or other Person or Persons respectively, and of fencing and inclosing and subdividing his, her or their Allotment or Allotments, and of making and completing such Mortgage or Sale; and such Mortgage or Sale shall be made by the said Commissioners in such and the like manner, and subject to such and the like Rules and Regulations, as are mentioned and prescribed in and by the said first recited Act in respect to the Sale of any Lands authorized to be sold for paying the Expences of obtaining and carrying into Execution any Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing any Lands and Grounds; and each and every Allotment for which the full Purchase Money shall be paid shall be conveyed by the said Commissioners, at the Expence of such Pur-chafer or Purchasers, unto such Purchaser or Purchasers, and bis, her or their Heirs respectively, or as be, (he or they shall appoint, and shall be inclosed and held by such Purchaser or Purchasers respectively in Severalty; and the Receipt of the said Commissioners shall be a good and Sufficient Discharge to such Purchaser or Purchasers for the said Purchase Money, which shall be applied by the said Commissioners in or towards the defraying such last mentioned Costs, Charges and Expences; and if atiy Surplus shall remain in the Hands of the said Commissioners, the lame shall be applied and disposed of by them in the manner directed by the said first recited Act with respect to Money which is thereby directed to be raid into the Bank of England for the Purchase or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be settled to the lame Uses, or of any Timber

E e 2 or

Mtaty advanced io t* repaid with Interest.

Power for certain Perlbni to mortgage or fell their Allotment*.

Receipt of Com. mifSoners a DU. charge to Purchaser.

420

C. 100.

A.D.1818.

Commissionert*

Allowance.

Accounts of Commissionersto he examined and balanced by Two Justices annually, and no Items in the Account binding, unlejk allowed by them.

Final Award to be made within Three Years.

Attested Copy of final Award and Plan df Ah* lot menu to be left with the Commissioners of Woods, and Duplicate with the Auditor of Land Revenue.

58, GEO. III.

or Wood growing thereon, and which ought to he laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, as therda mentioned.: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful to raise by such Mortgage or Sale any greater or further Sum of Money thin the Person or Persont, Part of whose Allotment or Allotments flull be mortgaged or fold as aforesaid, would have been empowered or authorized to borrow or charge upon his, her or their Allotment or Allotments, reckoning Five Pounds for each and every Acre thereof, under or by virtue of the said first recited A &: Provided also, that in all cases where any Lands shall be sold for Payment of Ex* peaces as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for the Proprietor or Person whose Lands shall be so fold to charge the Refidut of his or her Allotment, by virtue of the said first recited Act or this Act, with any Money towards Payment of such Expences.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners hereby appointed, and every Commissioner to be hereafter appointed by virtue of this Act, shall be allowed the Sum of Three Pounds and Three Shillings, and no more, for his Trouble and Expences for each Day he shall necessarily travel or attend in the Execution of the Powers of this Act.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That once at least in each and every Year during the Execution of this Act, such Year to be computed from the Day of the passing thereof, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to make a true and just Statement or Account of any Sums of Money by them or any of them received and expended, or due to them for their own Trouble and Expences, in the Execution of this Act; and such Statement or Account, when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by them, if required, laid before Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Nottingham (not interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure), to be by them examined tnd balanced (such Justices being hereby authorized to take or call is such Aid and Afiiftance in such Examination as they shall think fit, and to charge the incidental Expences), and the Balance shall be by such Justices dated in the Books of Account to be kept in the Office of the Clerk of the said Commissioners; and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall' be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in the Law, unless allowed by Two Justices of the Peace as aforesaid.

LX. And be it further enacted, That the final Award of the said Commissioners shall be made and executed within Three Yean next after the passing of this Act; and when the same shall be enrolled in manner directed by the said recited Act, it shall be dc. posited and left in the Parish Church of Edwnjbmc aforesaid.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, if required by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time being, make a Copy attested under their Hands of their Award, and 3fo a Map or Plan of all the Allotments, and transmit the same to the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the time being, within Two Calendar Months next after the making ltd executing the said Award, to be by them filed and kept amongst the Muniments of their Office, and also an authenticated Duplicate thereof to'the Auditor of the Land Revenue, such respective Map

and

12

58« GEa III.

C.100.

421

and Duplicate to be produced, read and received in Evidence on all Occafiona where any Question, Doubt or Controversy may arise relating to or affecting the Rights or Interests of His Majesty, Hit Heirs or Successors, in relped of such Allotment or Allotments, Rights or Interests; such attested Copy, Duplicate and Plan to be made at the Ex pence of the Commifiionera of His Majesty *s Woods, Forests and Land Revenues.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persona shall think himfelfr herself or themselves aggrieved by any thing done in pursuance of this or the said recited Act (other than and except such Orders and Determinations as are by the said recited Act made in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or by this Act directed to be made final and conelusive, and save and except in such cases wherein an Issue at Law shall be tried as hereinbefore dire&ed), then and in every such case he, (he or they mav^appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held in and for the County of Nottingham, within Three Calendar Months after such Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving to the said Commissioners Twenty one Days* previous Notice of lucb Appeal and of the matter thereof; and the Justices of the said Quarter Sefiions are hereby required to hear and determine the matters of every such Complaint, and make such Order therein, and to-award such Costs as to them shall appear reasonable, and by their Warrant to levy the Costs which shall be so awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners after deducting the reasonable Charges; which Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and (hail not be removed by Certiorari, or any Writ or Writs whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Wejhmnfler or elsewhere.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners for carrying this Act into Execution, and their Agents, Servants and Workmen, at any time within Eighteen Calendar Months after the Allotments of the Commonable Lands and Unincloied Grounds hereby intended to ht divided and in-clofed shall be set out, to enter into and upon all or any of such Allotments, except the Allotments of the said Hayes of Biriland and Biibagbt and to cut down, take and carry away, fell and dispose of all the Timber Trees, Wood and Underwood (landing, growing and being thereon, and which were (landing, growing and being thereon at the time of setting out such Allotments; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to receive all such Sums of Money as shall arise by the Sale of any such Timber Trees, Wood and Underwood, or as shall be paid for the Value thereof, and to apportion the same between the respective Lords of the Said Manors according to their Several Rights and Interests therein, and to apply their respective Proportions thereof in or towards defraying their respective Parts or Shares of the Costs and Expences of passing this Act, and of carrying the same into Execution; and to pay the Surplus thereof, if any, to such Lords of the said Manors, according to such their Rights and Interest therein, if they shall be respectively seised in Fee Simple of the Manors in respect whereof they shall be entitled to the same; but the Part or

EeS Share,

In whit case Appeal to Quarter Sessions for County of Nottingham.

Coda.

Commissioners empowered to enter, cut and fell the Timber on any of the Allotments, except of the Hayes of Birk-laod and Bil< high.

Product how applied.

422

C. 100, 101.

58° GEO. III.

AJ0.18I8.

Share, Farts or Sham of such Surplus Monies to which any Lord or Lords of such Manors, who shall not be Tenant or Tenant* in Fee Simple of or in such Manors, may be entitled, shall be applied and disposed of in the same manner as any Money to be paid for the Purchase or Exchange of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses, is by the said recited A d of the Forty c'loo3 fhrft Year of the Reign of His present Majesty directed to be applied

a*nT i c disposed of.

#T, n* LXIV. Saring always to The King's Most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and their Successors, and to all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, his and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, all such Eft ate, Right, Title, Interect, Claim and Demand whatsoever (other than such as is and are hereby expressed, meant and intended to be barred, destroyed or extingui(hed) as they, every or any of them, had or enjoyed in, to or out of the find Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, as they or any of them now have or hath, or could have had and enjoyed therein, in case this Act had not been made.

CAP. CL

An Act for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

[loth June 18x8.]

# I* sfi- 3, 500, 000 o o

II. 250, 000 o o

III. 21, 448 12 6

IV. 250, 000 o o

V.

VI.

VII.

VIII.

IX. 2, 000, 000 o o

Out of Duties of Excise of 56 G.a.r. 17.

Out of Arrears of Property Tax under 46 G.3. c, 65.

Paid into the Exchequer pursuant to 51 G. *. c. 15. -

Arisen or to ante from the Sale of old Navy and Victualling Stores - -

Treasury to direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out as directed by 48 G. 3. c» I. on Fourteen D»y«' Notice being given in the London Gazette, and in three or more of the London Newspapers of the Day of Payment.

Powers of 48 G. 3. c. 1. extended to Exchequer Bills.

Such Exchequer Bills to bear Interest not exceeding 3!per Cent. per Diem.

And may be taken in Payment of the Revenue, Four Months after their Date.

Bank may advance on Credit" of Aids, notwithstanding S&61T.&M. e. 20.or any subsequent Ad

Granted to make good the Snp-* ply for Great Britain and/rr-land for 1818.

58° GEO. III.

C. J01.

428

X.^. 30, 000, 000. o.

11, 600, 000 o

800.000 o

250.000 o 21, 448 12

3, 500, 000 O

250.000 O XI. 6, 547, 809 17

611.000 o

520.000 o

559.000 o

91, 000 o 2, 480, 680 17 1, 787, 182 o

320, 000 o

178, 948 o XII. 9, 765, 028 3

2, 470, 142 17

807, 231 13 116, 707 14

o:

o

o

Money railed by Exche-' quer Bills under c, 3. '

------------------c. 4.

Money railed by Transfer of $fer Cents into per Cents, - r.23.

Monies arifing

from Lotteriea c, 71.

Raised by Exchequer Bills - e, 86.

Ratfed by Irifb Treafory Bills r.87^

(granted above, $ IV.)

---------------; § hi.)

{.--------------, $ 1.)

(-_ n.)

1

Granted as above, and appropriated to Uses hereinafter expressed. Seif XI.

XII.

it- fOr.

rf. /. d:

I

At 170

Man 2 0 0 I

(Per A Month r*3 0 1

j .0 7 oj

For the Year >- 1818.

For Naval Services; that

fry*

For Wages for 20, 000'

Men, including 6, 000 Royal Marines For Vi&uals,

For Wear and Tear of Ships,

For Ordnance for Sea Service*

For Ordinary Eftabliflunent of

the Navy - - For 13 Months.

For re-building and Repairs of Ships and'other extra Works

For Ptovisions for Troops and Garrisons on Foreign Stations, and Rations for Troops to be embarked on board of Ships and Transports -For Transport Service For Land Foroes; that is to say,

4 Land Force*'in (? JR, and") on Stations abroad, (ex-cepting the Corps fta-tioned in France, and the Regiments employed in the Territorial Possessions of the E, I, Company)

4 net Land Forces for Ireland 10 For General and Staff Offi- From 25th Dec, cers, and Officers of the^1817 to 24th

Hospitals Serving with the | Dec, 1818, in* Forces in G, B, % and on | clofive.

E e 4

424

C. 101. .

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

jfi.33.861 19

*37>346 1

8.877 *3

27, 650 o

10, 061 10 92, 000 o

3^541 9

21, 275 11

173.67* 3

1, 263926, 23913

7>*S9 6

129, 112 9

3.697 o

601, 730 o

50, 173 1 28, 500 17

*.333 *6

136.385 o

Foreign Stations, excepting France and India

7 net Ditto in Ireland

3 Allowances to the principal

Officers of certain public Departments in G. 2?.,

their Deputies, Clerks and Contingencies*-

8 net Ditto in Ireland

o Medicines and Surgical Ma-

terials for Land Forces on the Establishment of G. B. and of certain Hospital 1 Contingencies - - I

10 net Ditto in Ireland - - J

0 For defraying the Charge of'

Volunteer Corps in G. B.

9 net Ditto in Ireland

4 For Four Troops of Dra-

goons, and Fourteen Companies of Foot, stationed in G. B. for recruiting the Corps employed in the Territorial PofTessions of the E. /. Company 6 For Pay of General Officers

in Land Foroes, not being Colonels of Regiments upon the Establishment of G.B.

3 net Ditto in Ireland

4 For Gartifons at Home and'

Abroad, on theEftablifh-ment of G. B.

1 net Ditto in Ireland

9 For Full Pay for retired and*) unattached Officers of Forces upon the Eftablifh-ment of G.B. o net For Ditto for retired Officers in Ireland o For Half Pay to reduced Officers of Land Forces on the Establishment of G.B.

6 net Ditto in Ireland 6 Military Allowances to re-

duced Officers of Land Forces upon the Establishment of G.B. - -

10 net — — Ireland

o Half Pay and reduced Al-

lowances to Officers of disbanded Foreign Corps,

For the Year 1818.

From 25th Bee.. 1817 to 24th Dec. 1818.

For the Year 1818.

A. D. 1818.

58° GEO. III

C. 101.

425

je. 42, 04a 8 9

16, 789 79net

872, 189 IO 2

180, 133 2 ii net

80^.56 O 0

18, 418 II 2 net

16 f, 806 3 7

20, 803 O 0

27, 260 4 2

Pensions to wounded Officers, and Allowances to the Widows and Children of vdeceafed foreign Officers, For In Pensioners of Cheljea Hospital

— * Kilmain -

ham Hospital

For Out Pensioners of CheU Jea Hospital

- — ------Kilmain

ham Hospital

For Pensions to Widows of Officers of Land Forces and Marines upon the Eftablifiunent of G. B. -

Ireland

Allowances to ou Compaffion-ate Lift, and of Pensions to Officers for Wounds Allowances to reduced Adjutants of Local Militia in G.B. - - -

Allowances, Compensations and Emoluments in the Nature of Superannuation, or retired Allowances to Persons belonging to several Public Departments in G. 2?., in respect of their having held Public Offices, or Employments of a civil Nature

From 25th Dec. 1817 to 24th Dec. 1818, inclusive.

7, 111 18 35, 000 o

52, 216 o

2, 384 o 394»7°° 0

8 net----— -------------- Ireland

o For Fees expected to be paid at the Exchequer on Issues for Army Services for the British Eftablifhr ment

O For Corps existing on the British Eftablifiunent on actn Dec. 1817, but oropofed to be dif-banded in the Course of the Year 1818. o net —— Ireland.

o For Supply of Bread, Meat'

Forage, Coals,

2nd

Candles, Straw and Fur* niture for the Troops in G. 2?., and for casual Supplies for the Troops on Foreign | > Stations, and also for the Pay of the Commifiariat Department For the Service of the Barrack Department in G.B.,

For the Year 1818.

99tioo o

o

c. 101

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

XIII.

XIV.

*e-*34»249 O 0 net

*23*74 O 0 net

207, 832 7 0

114, 651 O 0

1, 350, 000 0 0

50/500 0 O

855*4*9 *9 2

120/500 O O

59^*469 I 8

28*19 17 2

115, 609 19 11

233*408 2 0

Department

in

11*06 14 3

10, 394 7 10

ofl

From 2Jth Dec. 1817 to 24th Dec. 1818, in-cldm.

For the Year 1818.

mifiariat Ireland (British Currency) The Barrack Department in Ireland

The dHembodied Militia G.B.

(Briiijl Currency) -----of

Ireland*

Extraordinary Expencee of the Army for G. B

----———— for Ireland )'

From the 25th

For the Land Forces for Ser- Dec. 1817 to vice in France the 24th Dec*

l8i8, ioclnfive. For the Ordnance Service -*)«_

For the Office of Ordnance For} Yttr for Land Service in G. B.

For Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service for G. B, f and not provided for-by Parliament in the Year 1817* For the Office of Ordnance for Ireland For the Office of Ordnance for G. B. on account of ]

Allowances to superannu-, a ted, retired and Half Pay Officers, to Officers for | good Services, and to wounded Officers, to fu-perannuated and disabled Men, also for Pensions to Widows and Children of I For the Year deceased Officers, late be-^1818.

longing to the several Ord- j nance Military Corps For the Office of Ordnance I for Ireland, on account of | the Pay of retired Officers of the late Irtfh Artillery and Engineers, and of Pen- I fions to Widows of deceased Officers of the | same

For Allowances to super-") annuated and Half Pay Officers, to superannuated | and disabled Men, and also for Pensions to Widows of | deceased Officers late be- | longing to the several Ord- | nance Military Corps in |

A.D.1818.

58° GEO. III

C. 101.

427

*£.39, 727 13 8

*164 St000

XV. 725, 681 12 3

XVI. 400, 000 o o

XVII. 24, 000, 000 o o

XVIII.

XIX.

XX.

XXI.

XXII.

9.000. 000

6.000. 000 i8, ooo/)oo

1, 084, 615 7 8} Civil Eftablifhm<

G. B. and not provided for by Parliament in the

Allowances, Compensations { ^ear

and Emoluments, in the Nature of superannuated or retired Allowances to Persons late belonging to the Office of Ordnance in G. B. in respect of their having held any public Offices or Employments of a civil Nature, and also for Widows9 Pensions — Ireland

Repairing Damages done to the Sea Walls at Portsmouth and Haflar.

On Account of the Sum of Two Millions to be applied by His Majesty in concert with the King of the Netherlands towards improving the Defences of the Low Countries by virtue of the Convention concluded 13th August 1814.

For carrying on the Treaty between His Britannic Majesty and the King of Spainf signed at Madrid 23d Sept. 1817.

For discharging outstanding Exchequer Bilk under 57 G. 3. c. 2.

Ditto --------- c. 80.

Ditto 56 G. 3. c.14.

Ditto 57 G. 3. e. 16.

Ditto Treasury Bilk under 56 G. 3. cc. 41.47.

From ift Jam. to 31ft Dec. 1818.

XXIII.

ablifhments, vim.

15»45° o o Sierra Leone

13, 440 o o Nova Scotia

12, 605 0 0 New South Wales

10, 800 o o Upper Canada

6, 757 10 0 New Brvnfwick

5*485 o o Newfoundland

3*760 o o St. John (Prince Edwards

Island)

3, 301 10 o Bahama Islands9 in addition

to the Salaries now paid to the public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and the incidental Charges attending the same 3, 190 o o Cape Breton

600 o o Island of Dominica

25, 514 169For the Royal Military College - - -

32>85i o 3 For the Royal Military I 24th Dec. 1818,

Asylum, Chelsea - -J indufive.

I From the 25th Dec. 1817 to the

428

C, 101.

£* 2, 000, 000 O

o

58° GEO. III.

A.D.181S.

560, 000 o

o

250, 000 o o

20.000 O o

60.000 o o 11, 048 n 2

25.000 O O 89, 368 14 JO

6.000 0 o

3.000 o o i7>ooo o o

For the Year ending ifkFci. 1819.

For discharging Interest on Exchequer BQk, Irish Treasury Bills and Mint Notes.

Being the Hundredth Part of'

Fifty fix Millions of Exchequer Bills authorized in the last Session of Parliament to be issued and charged upon the Aids granted in the present Session, to be paid by *

Quarterly Payments to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be placed to the Account of the Commissioners of the National Debt For such Expences of a civil Nature in G. B. is do not form Part of the ordinary Charges of the Civil List.

For further Execution of an")

building BrSgu* i« >4 , obtB"1"4-

Highlands of Scotland -For the building of a Penitentiary House at Milbani,

For the Ditto

Establishment of

out Fee orotber Deduction.

For Law Charges - -*)

For the confining, maintaining and employing Convi&s at Home -For Prosecutions, £cc* relating to the Coin of this Kingdom

For the Vaccine Eftabli/h-ment - -

For printing Acts of Parliament for the two Houses of Parliament, for the Sheriffs, Clerks of the Peace and Chief Magistrates throughout the United Kingdom, and for the A ding Justices throughout Great Britain; also tor printing Bills, Reports, Evidence and other Papers and Accountsfor theHoufe of Lords

from the 24th «/imei8i8t024tii June 1819, to k paid without Fee or other. Deduction.

For the Year 1818.

FortheYeari8i8, to be paid without Fee or other Dcdudion.

For the Year 1818.

C. 101.

429

it <

Iil5

& 4*7 3 3 1^46 15 7..

2, 100 O O

6, 8*4 7 1 $

i>9<59 6 3

*>777 o o

12, 500 o o 1*750 o o

336 10 o

6*0 o o

*66 13 4

80, 000 o o 1, 091 14 2$

4*655 3 S

To 'make good the Deficiency of the Grant of 1817, for printing 1750 Copies of the 71st Vol. of Journals of the House of Commons.

31

il

J8

To be paid without any Feeor other Dedu£tion.

To make good the Deficiency of the Grant of 1817, for printing Bills* Reports and other Papers by Order of the House of Commons during the lad Session.

For printing the Votes of the House of Commons during the present Session of Parliament.

To make good the Deficiency of the Grant for the Year 1817, for reprinting Journals and Reports of the House ot Commons.

For printing 1150 Copies of the General Index to 16 Volumes of Journals of the House of Lords, from the 20th to the 35th Vol. both inclusive.

For maintaining Criminal Lunatics For American Loyalists For Superannuation Allow* ances or Compensations to retired Clerks and other Officers formerly employed in the Office of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts For Superannuation Allowances or Compensations to retired Clerks and other Officers formerly employed in the Lottery Office For Superannuation Allowances or Compensations to retired Officers formerly employed in His Majesty's Mint

For Superannuation Allowances or Compensations to One of the late Pav-masters of Exchequer Bills For Bills drawn or drawn from New Wales

For paying off and discharging Exchequer Bills issued pursuant to 7 and 11th Anne remaining in Chests of Tellers of Exchequer with In-tereft thereon outstanding and unprovided for. For Amount of Annuity") granted to Trustees of the*late Princef8 Charlotte An* gufta and the Prince Co-hourg, which would have accrued from the ioth Or-tober 1817 to the 6th No- \ vernier following

er ums to bel South >

I

For the Year

1818.

1

To be paid with* out Feeor other Dedu&on.

430

C. 101.

58* GEO. III.

A.D.\3lj.

d&t$500 a a

28, 000 O O

3, 000 O O

10, 000 O O

3>494 14 6*

75, 000 O 0

54*337 1 11

21.000 O O

3, 500 O O

4*000 o 0 14, 246 12 O

15.000 O O

50.000 o o 2, 397 o o

120.000 o o

43, 500 o o

26.000 o o

To the Truftces of the 2?ri-for the Pur-chafe of the hlfcQsfipr

Charles Burney9 \1 Library* and Collection For maintaining and repairing the Brfcfh Fati on the Coast of Jfrua,

Ms

r

1*4

FordeTcinJrf'

Tobepaid without Fee or other De-

For the Board of Agriculture*

For Works carrying on at the College of Edinburgh Towards the Repairs of Henry 7th's Chapel -For defraying the Eipcac—- of the Gold Coinage To make good the Deficiency of the Vote is the Year 1816 for making good any Deficiency or Loss to arise from the Re-coinage of the Silver Coin, and Charges sod Expences of melting down, casting, afiaring td recoining the same and all outer Expaces incident thereto.

For printing Bills, Reports and other Papes during the present Session of Parliament For Expence that may be incurred in 1818 for printing 1750 Copies of the 73d VoL of Journals of the House of Commons for the present Session.

For reprinting Journals and Reports of the House of Commons in 1818.

For purchase of Land on" To be paid wilt-Hounjlow Heath for the*out Feeorodff Exercise of Cavalry - Deduction. Towards Expence or Inland FortheYesri8i8-Navigation from the Eaft- To bepaid with-ern to the Western Sea by'out Feeor other Invemefs and Fort IVURam.Dedo&oc. For retired Allowances and*

Gratuities to Officers formerly employed upon the Military Roads in Scotland, To be paid with* the Management of which out Fee or other Roads has been transferred Dedo&kn. to the Commissioners for Highland Roads and Bridges -J .

For Expences of a Civil Nature in G* B* £

not form Part of the ordinary Charges of the Civil List.

For making good the Deficiencies of the Fee Funds For further defraying Expences and Messengers*

Bills in the Departments

58° GEO. III.

C. 101.

431

F*

T - *

tit

kl

i ?

02"

I*

aif:

jjj?

&

'v>

Sr

5*Soo o o

11, 500 o o

*3>5°° 0 0

37.000 o o

10.000 o o

8, 663 16 8

3, 626 8 o

20.000 o o

1, 000 o o

78, 058 11 3

100, 000 6 o

10.000 o o

13»^5 15 4

259, 686 19 10$ 850 o o

XXIV. British Currency net.

1, 153 16 1*

XXV. 18, 901 o o

of the Treasury, Three Secretaries of State and Lord*Chamberlain For Salaries to the Officers, and Expences of the Court and Receipt of Exchequer For further defraying the Ex pences of the Houses of Lords and Commons -For the Salaries and Allow-' ances to the Officers of Ditto -For further defraying the Expences of Works and

For making Variations in tL_ Road between Bangor and Chirk -

Towards Expences incurred in the Management of the British Museum

Towards completing the Improvements in Westminster

For Building a Bridge over the Menai Strait near Ban*

For the Veterinary College «<

For the Year 1818.

FortheYeari8i8 To be paid without Fee or other DedH&ion.

'To be paid without Fee or other Deduction.

FortheYeari8i8. gor Ferry - - - j

f FortheYeari8i8. To be paid without Fee or other Deduction.

To complete the Building of the Royal Military College at SandhurR.

For the Governors of Queen Anne?% Bounty For the Poorer Clergy in Scotland, to be issued and applied pursuant to any A6fc for that Purpose To make up the Total Sum charged upon the Fees arising in the Exchequer, in the Year ending 5th Jan. 1818.

To makegood the Deficiencies of the Grants for the Year 1817.

For purchase of Ground adjoining the Branch of the Royal Military Asylum at Southampton, for the Purposes of Air and Exercise.

To be paid without Fee or other Deduction.

For the Remuneration of certain Public Officers in Ireland, for their extraordinary Trouble in the Year 1818.

For the probable Expenditure') of the Board of Works in > FortheYeari8i8. Ireland -j

-132

C. 101.

58* GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

Brtttfb Currency net..s£. 20, 809 o o

9, 692 o o

3*39 o o

23, 076 o o

2, 307 o o 8, 581 O o

3, 868 o o 756 o o 1, 764 x8 6 691 o o

5*75 0 0

40, 000 o o

For Printing, Stationery and" other Disbursements for the Chief and Under Secretaries' Offices and Apartments and other Public Offices in Dublin Castle9 &c., and for Riding Charges and other Expences of the Deputy Pur- For One Year, fuivants and extra Meffen- ending the 5th gera attending the said Jam. 1819. Offices; alfofuperannuated Allowances in the said Chief Secretary's Office Publi filing Proclamations and other Matters of a Public Nature in the Dublin Gazette and other Newspapers in Ireland Printing 1, 500 Copies of a compressed Quarto Edition of the Statutes of the United Kingdom for the Magi (Irates of Ireland, and 250 Copies of a Folio Edition of the same, bound for the Use of the Lords, Biftiops and Public Officers in Ireland.

Criminal Prosecutions and^other Law Expences in Ireland -

Apprehending Public Offenders in Ireland

f

For One Year, ending 5th/as. 1819.

For completing the Sum for the Support of Non Conforming Ministers in Ireland - -

For the Support of seceding Ministers from the Synod of Uffier -Proteftant Dissenting Ministers - - - J

For One Year, ending 24th June 1818. For One Year, ending 5th Jan. 1819.

For the Board of Inland Na- f For the Year vigatkm

Tor Civil Contingencies in Ireland -

Salaries of Lottery Officers

Pratiqueof the Port of Dublin

1818.

For One Year, ending 5th Jam.

1819.

For making a Line of Canal from Lough Allan to the River Shannons below Battle Bridge, m the current Year.

15, 000 o o

C. 101,

483

British Currency net.

£ 15, 000 O

8, 000 O 0

J.ooo O 0

r- XXVI. 9, 130 O 0

> 19.938 9

11, 076 O 0

276 18 Si

a r r ^

£ 3*3 O O

9'18, 461 O O

XXVII. 38, 331 O O

3*>5I5 O O

Y-

> 56, 646 0 O

7, 085 0 O

3.530 0 O

*.755 0 O

T 2, 307 0 O

8, 307 0 O

3, >4* 0 O

M67 0 O

> 4.615 0 0

For further Civil Contingencies in Inland

'For the Year ending 5th Jan. 1 1819.

To carry on the Works at Dunmore Harbour To carry on the Works at the Harbour of Howtb For building Churches and*

Glebe Houses, and pur-| chafing Glebes in Ireland .

ForTrufiees of the Linenand Hempen Manufactures, to be by them applied in fitch manner as they shall think fit to promote the said Manufactures - -

For making wide and conve-* nient Streets in the City of

Dublin -Allowance to the Chairman" of the Board of Inland Navigation in Ireland -Repairing the House of the Royal Iri/b Academy in Grafton Street.

In the Year 1818.

For One Year, ending 5th Jan. 1819.

For the Year end-, ing 5th Jan. 1819.

For One Year, ending 5th Jan. 1819.

FortheYeari8i8.

Building Churcnes and Glebe'

Houles, and purchasing ending 5th Jan

Glebes in Ireland For the Protestant Charter' Schools of Ireland For the Foundling Hospital at Dublin -For the House of Industry, Hospitals and Asylums for indumious Children in

For One Year,

1819.

Dublin -For the Richmond Lunatic Asylum at Dublin For the Hibernian Society for Soldiers* Children at Dublin -

For the Hibernian Marine Society in Dublin For the Female Orphan House in the Circular Road, near Dublin For the Wejtnorland Lock Hospital in Dublin For the Lying-in Hospital -For DoCtor Steven*'% Hospital -

For the Fever Hospital and House of Recovery in Cork Street, Dublin F f

For One Year, ending 5th Jan. 1819,

58 Gao. Ill

1

434

C.10J.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818-

Briti/b Currency net. & 4 65 o o

8, 928

o o

For.the Hospital for Incura blee, Dublin For the Roman Catholic Se

3, 430 O o

104 o o

minary *

For the Association for dif-countenancing Vice and promoting the Knowledge and Practice of the Chnf-tian Religion For the Green Coat Hospital of Cork For the Cork Inflitution For the Society for promoting the Education of the Poor of Ireland For the Dublin Society*

For the Farming Society of Ireland

XXVIII. Supplies to be applied for the Purposes afore laid. -XXIX. Rules for Application of Half Pay.

XXX. Half Pay to Officers of Manx Fencibles.

XXXI.--------- »— Chaplains of Regiments, although in Possession of Ec-

clefiaftical Benefices.

XXXII. Application of Overplus of Sum voted for Half Pay by 57 G. J. c. 133*

5*538

0, 230

4>PiJ

o

*0

AJMSia

58 GEO. IIL

Gi—iii.

485

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLIC,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

N. B.—The Continuance offucb of the following A8t at are Temporary will be known (where it it not extrefsly fated) by refer-ring to the following Lift, according to the corresponding Letter at the End of the Title...

(«) For 21 Tears, l£c. [i.e. to the End of the next Seffton\from a Day named in the A8.

For 21 Tears, &c, from the puffing of the AS*

\c) For 21 Tears, Gfr. after the End of the Term under former

A8s.

The following are all Public Acts; to each of which is annexed a Clause in the Form following: w And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed " and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken«Notice of as such by all Judges, Ju dices and others, without u being specially pleaded."

Cap* i.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Town of Stroud, in the County of Gloucester, through Pitchcomb, into the City of Gloucester* (a) [17th March 1818.J

Cap* ii.

An Act to continue the Terms, and alter and enlarge the Powers of 23 G. 2. g 38: Three Acts passed in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His ix G. 3. c. 66. late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eleventh and 37 G* 3* *14^ Thirty (eventh Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing ^*fe<P&Ocon-the Road from the City of Tori to Borougbbridge in the County {jn*Ued during of Tori* (a) [17th March 1818.] theRefidueof

£.Additional Trustees* Former Tolls to eeafe* New Tolls granted.] cd^rondmjed

by 37 G. 3* c. 149., atid thence for ix Years, 8cc*

Cap* iii.

An Act for extending the Powers of an Act passed in the Forty 45 G. 3. c.mm* fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing 490.3. c.xul Roads in the County of Ayr* [17th March 1818.]

Cap*.

Ff 2

36

C. iv—ix.

58 GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

38 G. 3. c.xL The Terra thereby granted made to cease, except at tn the Bury and Rat-cliff© Bridge District.

18 G. 3. c iOi. 38 G. 3. c. r a. continued from iff May 1818, for ai Year*, fte.

14 G. 3. c. 101. 36 G.3. c.150. continued.

IJG.3. e. 74. 38 G. 3. c.7. continued for at Years, &c.

33 G.3.C.I39. continued from 31ft May i8i8t for 21 Years,

dec.

Cap. it.

An Ad" for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Power* of an Act ot His present Majesty's Reign, for improving the Road from Manchester to Rochdale, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Lancaster; so far as relates to the Bury and Ratcliffe Bridge District of Road therein mentioned; and for making Two new Branches of Road to communicate with the said District of Road, (c) Qi7th March 1818.3

Cap*

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the City of Gloucester towards Cheltenham and Tewkesbury in the County of Gloucester. (c) [17th March 1818.3

{.Additional Trustees.3

Cap vi.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from near the Town of Manchester in the County of Lancaster to Hyde Lane Bridge in the County of Chester. (h) ri7th March 1818.3

{One Half additional Toll on Sundays.']

Cap. vii.

An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His present Majesty for repairing the Roads near the Towns of Hockerton, KirlUmgton, Southwell9 Normanton and Wink bourne, with a Branch from Kirk-lington to the Street Gate Road, and the Newark and Southwell.Turnpike Road at Greet Bridge, in the County of Nottingham. (a)

£i7th March 1818.3

{New Trustees. Former Exemptions from Tolls repealed, and others

granted.J

Cap. riii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Ada of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Crouch Hill, m the Parish of Henfield, to the Turnpike Road leading from Brtghthelm-Jlone to Cue (field, and from the East Side of the said Turnpike Road to the Croft Roads in the Town of Ditchling, in the County of Sussex. (c) £i7tn March l8t8»]

{Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease. New Tolls granted.]

Cap. ix.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Thirty third Year of HU present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Salter's Brook, in the County Palatine of defter. (a) [17th March 1818.}

{Former Tolls to cease. New Tolls granted. One Half additional Toll: on Sundays, except for Milk.3

Cap

58° GEO. III.

C. x—xvi.

437

Cap. x.

An Act for making more effectual Provision for Payment of the 490.3.c.mvl Debt due by the Trustees for Turnpike Roads, in the County of continued. Peebles, and for other Purposes connected therewith, (b)

[17th March 1818.]

Cap. xi.

An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His present Majesty, 37 G. 3. c. 163. for repairing the Road from West Cowgate, near Newcastle upon continued. Tyne, to the Alemouth Turnpike Road, in the County of Northumberland. (a) [17th March 1818.3

Cap. xii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from 33 G. 3. c. 170, Ardwick Green^ near Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lan- 39 G- 3- c. Uiv. cafter, to the Bridge at the Corn Mills at Wilmjlow, in the County rcPealed* Palatine of Chester. (a) [17th March 1818.J

[Additional Toll on Sundays.]

Cap. xiii.

An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for eu- 5y 0.3. c.xi. larging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Towcefter to the Turnpike Road in Cotton End, in the Parish of Hardingfton, in the County of Northampton, (a) [17th March 1818.]

[Additional Toll.]

, Cap. xiv.

An Act for repairing the Road from Blakedown Pool in the Parish 26 G. 2. c. 47. of Hagley and County of Worcester, to Birmingham in the County *3 G*3- c.107. of Warwick. («) [17th March 1818.] X4°

[One Half additional Toll on Sundays.]

Cap. xv.

An Act for amending an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the 36 G 3. c.xliv. Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for altering and enlarging the Powers ofseveral Acts faffed for improving the Port,

Harbour and Town of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, and for better fupplytng the said Town with Water.

[17th March 1818.3

Cap. xvi.

An Act to enable the Grand JunBion Canal Company to vary the 33 0.3. c. 80. Line of Part of their Canal in the County of Hertford, and for io P, rt repealed, altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts relating to the^Cm J4' said Canal. [, 7ih March 1818.]

35 G. 3. c.43. 36 G. 3. c. 25. 38 G. 3. c. xxilu. 41 G.3. (U.K.) c. Uxi. 43 G. 3. c. vili. 45 G.3. c.lxviii. 51 O.3. c.dxix. 52 0.3. e.cxl.

Cap.

Ff 3

438

C. xvii—xx.

58° GEO. IIL

A.D.1818.

Cap. xrii.

330.3.0.97. An Act to enable the Ghm and Berkeley Canal Company to 45 o'. 3.' c cir* vary and alter the Line of their Canal; and for altering and enkrg-

' ing the Powers of several AS* patted for making and maintainiiig

the said Canal. [17th March 1818.J

39 ft 40 0.3. c. *3. in part repealed.

44G. 3.C. 46. 50 G. 3.C. 76.

Cap. xviii.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Thames and Medway Canal to raise a further Sum ot Money for completing the said Canal, and the Works thereto belonging; and for altering, enlarging and rendering more effectual the Powers for making the said Canal and Works. [17th March 1818.]

8 G.3. c.38. 9G. 3-C.53-*3 G. 3. c. 9a. in part repealed. *4 G. 3. Seff. a.

Cap. xix.

An Act for altering, explaining and amending the several Acts of Parliament passed, relating to the Birmingham Canal Navigations; and for improving the said Canal Navigations.

[17th March 1818.]

c.4. aS G. 3. c. 99. 34 G. 3. c. 87. in part repealed. 46 G. 3. c.xcii. jl 0.3. c.cv. 55 G.3. c.il

Cap. xx.

An Act for providing a convenient House, with suitable Accommodations, for His Majesty's Judges at the Affixes for the County of Letcester; and for making therein a convenient Place for the Justices of the Peace to meet and transact any Public Hufioefii of the said County; and also for the safe Custody of the Public Records of the said County. [17th March 1818.]

WHEREAS the Lodgings in the Borough of Leice/lerf in which His Majesty's Judges have heretofore resided daring 4 their Attendance at the Affixes for the County of LdceJUr, are*very inconvenient, and do not afford proper and suitable Accom-r modation to them during their Residence in the said Borough: And 4 Whereas from the Magnitude and Importance of the public Dutiei*of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, owing*to the increased Population of the County, it is become expedient*and necessary, and it would be highly conducive to the Conte-* nience of the Magistrates, and it would tend greatly to the Ac-4 commodation of the Public, if a convenient Place for the tranfading*the public Business of the County, and to deposit in safe Custody 4 and Preservation the public Records of the said County, was efts-4 blished at Letcester: And Whereas the Justices of the Peace for 4 the said County, assembled at the General Quarter Seflioni of the 4 Peace holden at the Castle of Letcester, in and for the said County, 4 on the Fifteenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and 4 seventeen, and also the Grand Jury of the said County, at the 4 Lent Aifizes in the same Year, having duly considered the Pro-4 priety of procuring a better Accommodation for the Judges, were 4 of Opinion that the same ought to be procured and made, and that 4 there appears no Mode of procuring permanent suitable Accom-4 modation for the said Judges but by purchasing, repairing or budd-4 ing of some House for that Purpose, and for which the Expends 4 ture of a considerable Sum of Money will be necessary: ' But at

A.D.1818.

58° GEO. III.

C. xx.

489

the same cannot be done without the Authority of Parliament, may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Adrice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That at the next General Quarter Seflioos of the Peace to be holden after the passing of this Act, at the Castle of Leicejlert in and for the said County of Leicejier> and afterwards at any fub-fequent General Quarter Seilions of the Peace to be holden for the said County, it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace for the said County then and there a(Teii)bled, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to make from time to time such Order or Orders for the purchasing, building, repairing, providing and furniflking, in the Borough of Letcefier or in the Suburbs thereof, any House or other private or public Building, or any Piece or Pieces of Land or Ground whereon a House may be built, with suitable Offices and Accommodations for the Rehdence of His Majesty's Judges at the Allizes for the said County, or during any Special Commission of Oyer and Terminer, with their Officers and Attendants, and for transacting the Bulinefs usually transacted at the Lodgings of His Majesty's Judges during the Assizes; and also for the Reception and Convenience of the Justices of the Peace for the time being of the said County, at any Adjournment of their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, when the same Sessions shall not happen during the Assizes of the said County, or during such Special Commission of Oyer and Terminer; and also for the making and providing in such House or Building suitable Offices for the Ma-giftrates to meet and tranfa& any of the public Bulinefs of the said County $ and for the Deposit and safe Custody of the public Records of the said County; as to them the said Justices so assembled, or the tnajor Part of them, shall from time to time appear expedient or necessary, and for paying, discharging and defraying all the Expences, Coils and Charges of and attending the purchaung, building, repairing, providing and furnishing of the same, and of effecting and carrying into Execution the several Purposes of this Act, by and out of the public Stock or County Rates of the said County, lubje& to such Reftri&ions and Provisions as are hereinafter contained.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Justices of the Peace assembled at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County from time to time to order and direct such Salary or Allowance to be paid out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, or by and out of the public Stock or County Rates of the said County, to the Clerk of the Peace for the said Cbunty of Letcefier for the time being, or his Deputy, for assisting in the Execution of this Act, or for any other Services, Pains or Trouble required of him by the said Justices officially relating to the public Bulinefs of the said County, or for executing any Rules, Orders or Regulations to be made in pursuance thereof, as shall be thought fit and reasonable by the said Justices.

III. And for the more speedy and effectually carrying into Execution the Powers of this Act, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Justices assembled at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or the major Part of such Justices, to borrow and take up at legal Inteneft any Sum or Sums of Money, not ex-

F f 4 cecding

Justices at Quarter Sessions enabled to make Orders for providing a House, Ac. for the*Judges, Ac.

Clerk of the Peace to be remunerated for hia Trouble.

Justices may at Quarter Sessions borrow Money on the Credit of the County Rates.

440

C. xx.

58° GEO. ILL

A.D. 1811.

Form of Mort-

Securities for Money to be transferable.

Form of Af-fifnment.

ceediug in the Whole the Sam of Seven thousand Pounds on the Credit of the County Rates to be made, raised and assessed upon and within the said County of Leicester, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals, or under the Hands and Seals of any Five of them, to mortgage or assign over any such Rates to the Person or Perfom who (hau advance or lend such Money, or to his, her or their Tniftce or Trustees, as a Security for the Repayment of any Money to be advanced for the Purposes of this Act, with lntereft as aforefirid; and all Persons to whom any such Mortgages or Assign men ts shall be made, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, fluQ be, in proportion to the Sums in such Securities mentioned. Creditors on the said Rates equally one with another, without any Preference in respect of the Priority of advancing such Money, or the Dates of any such Mortgages or Alignments; and every such Mortgage or Alignment lhafl be good, valid and effectual in the Law for the Purposes thereby intended, and shall be in the Form or to the ECicd following; (that is to say, )

* yU E, A. B. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace and Chair-

* man of the Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the

* County of Leicester, holden at the Castle of Leicester, the

* Day of and C.D.% -E.F., G. H. and

4 /. K; Four other of His Majesty's. Justices of the Peace acting 4 for the said County, and assembled in the said Court in pursuance 4 of the-Powers to us given, by an Act passed in the Fifty eighth 4 Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled 4 An Act, &c. \Jbere insert the Title of this Act, '] do hereby io open 4 Court mortgage and charge all the Rates to be raised within the 4 said County under the Description of County Rates, by the Laws 4 now in being, with the Payment of the Sum of

4 which L. M. of hath propofed and agreed to lend,

4 and hath now actually advanced and paid into the Hands of the 4 Treasurer of the said County for the Purposes of the said Act; 4 and we do hereby confirm and establish the same unto the said 4 L. M.y his Executors, Administrators and Assigns, for (pouring 4 the Repayment of the said Sum of and

4 lntereft for the same after the Rate of for One

4 hundred Pounds for a Year; and do hereby order the Treasurer of 4 the said County to pay the lntereft of the said Sum of 4 Half Yearly, as the same shall become due, until the Principal M 4 he discharged.'

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the respective Persons entitled to any of the Securities to be given for Money advanced for the Purposes of this Act, and their respective Executors, Administrators or Assigns, at any time, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to transfer such Securities to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by Indorsement on the Back of such Security, or any Writing to be annexed thereto, in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say, )

4 T A.B. do transfer this Mortgage, with all my Right or Title to 4 the principal Money hereby secured, and au lntereft now doe 4 and to become due for the same, to C. Dm his Executors, Ad-4 miniftrators and Assigns. Dated the Day of

4 One thousand eight hundxtd and '

And

A. D. 1818.

58* GEO. IIL

C.xx.

441

And all Mortgages and Assignments which shall be made in pur* fnance of tbit Act, and Memorials of all Transfers thereof, shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk of the Peace for the said County $ which Memorials shall specify and contain the Dates, Names of the Parties, and the Sums of Money thereby secured; to which Book any Persons interested shall at all ieafonable times have Access, and shall have free Liberty to infpeH the same; and for the Entry of every such Transfer the said Clerk of the Peace shall be paid, by the Person to whom the same shall be made, the Sum of Ten Shillings, and no more; and after such Entry made of any Transfer, every such Transfer so entered shall entitle the Person to whom the same shall be made, and his, her and their respective Executors, Administrators and Assigns, to the Benefit of the Security thereby transferred.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Money to be expended in the purchaiing, building, repairing, providing, fitting up and furnishing such House, Buildings, Lands, Offices, Accommodations, Furniture and Appurtenances as are by this AH directed, including the Cods, Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this AH, shall not in the Whole exceed the Sum of Seven thousand Pounds: Provided always, that no greater Sum or Sums of Money shall be applied from and out of the public Stock or County Rates of the said County in any one Year towards the Discharge and Payment of the Sum of Money direHed to be raised and borrowed under the Provisions of this AH for the Purposes aforesaid, and for the lawful Interest to be paid to such Person or Persons advancing the same, or for the effeHing and carrying into Execution the several Purposes of this AH, than shall amount to One Halfpenny in the Pound on the AflefTment upon which the County Rate for the said County of Leicester is colleHed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall he lawful for the said Justices so assembled as aforesaid, or the major Part of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from time to time to treat, contrail and agree with the Owners of and Persons interested in any Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments which they shall judge to be proper or necessary for the Purposes of this AH, for the Purchase thereof, and by and out of the said public Stock and County Rates of the said County to pay or cause to be paid, for the Purchase of such Houses, Buildings, Lauds or Hereditaments, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall he agreed upon between such Owners and Persons interested as aforesaid and the said Justices, and also the Costs and Charges attending such Agreement and Purchase as aforesaid; and upon Payment of the Money agreed to be paid for the Purchase of any such Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments as aforesaid, or on depositing the same in the Bank of England in manner by this AH direHed, it shall be lawful for the said Justices of the Peace, or any Two or more of them, their Surveyors, Workmen or Agents, at any time thereafter, to enter upon and take Possession of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments, and the same shall be conveyed to the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Lncejler for the time being, for the Purposes of this AH.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Bole, Tenants for Life or ia Fee Tail, General or Special, and all

Husbands,

Money to bs expended no exceed Seven thous.nd Pounds.

No more than One Halfpenny in the Pound on the AlfeflnDent* to l>e applied out of the County Rate" in any one Year.

Justices in Quarter Seftiont enabled to purchase Houses, Bui<dit)gs or Lands for the*Purposes of this A a.

Bodies Politic, Corporate, Trufteet, Sec. enabled to Cell.

442

p. XX.

58° GEO. IIL

A.D. 1818.

Conveyances, Ac valid without Fine or Recovery.

Application of Compensation when amounting to or exceeding

aool.

Husbands, Trustees, or Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees and all other Trustees whomsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Socceffors, but also for and on behalf of their Ceftuique Trusts, whether Infants, Issue unborn, Femes Covert, Lunatics, Idiots or other Perfoo or Persons whom foe ver, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised, possessed of or interested in their own Right, and to and for all and every Person or Persons whomsoever who are or shall be seised, possessed of or interested in any such Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments which shall be so fixed upon at aforesaid, to treat, contract and agree with the said Just ices, or the major Pan of them so assembled as aforesaid, for the Sale of such Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments, and of all or any Part of their Interest therein, or in any Part thereof, and to convey the same to such Person or Persons for the Purposes of this Act, and in such manner as they the said Justices, or the major Part of them so assembled as afoie-said, shall direct, and as Occasion shall require; and all Contracts, Sales and Conveyances which shall be so made shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, without Fine or Recovery, and shall be a complete Bar to all Estates Tail, and all other Estates, Rights, Titles, Trusts and Interests whatsoever, any Law, Statute, Settlement, or other matter or thing whatsoever to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding j and all and every such Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Hulbands, Trustees, Feoffees, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees and all other Persons, shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed to be paid for the Purchase of any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments purchased by virtue of the Powen of this Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Executor, Administrator, Hu (band, Guardian or Committee, tor or on behalf of any Infant, Lunatic, Idiot or Feme Covert, or to any Person or Persons whole Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments are limited in ftrid or other Settlement, or to any other Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Justices of the Peace for the County of Leicester, to. the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments* in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or in or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or any Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, afteding the same Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or affedcng any other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments settled therewith to the same or the Kke Uses, Trusts, Intents or Purposes; or where such Money (haU not be so applied, then the same /hall be

laid

\

\

£ A.D. 1818,

58° GEO. III

443

laid out and in veiled, under the like Direction and Approbation of r the said Court, in the Purchase of other Houses, Buildings, Lands,

Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents and Purposes, and in the same manner as the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tc-r nements and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased as aforesaid Hood settled or limited, or such of them as at the time of making the Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined ana capable of taking EfFe& j and in the mean time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invelled by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities j and in the mean time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from time to time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Houses,

Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

IX. Provided always, and be it.further enacted, That if any Application Money so agreed to be paid for any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Te- where the Com-oements or Hereditaments purchased for the Purposes aforesaid, and 5w^2o6L«nd* belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under amount* to*!* any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum exceed* aol.

1 of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so purchased, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank with the Privity and in the Name of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Truf-tees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by any Two or more of the Juilices of the Peace for the said County, such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties, in order that such Principal' Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in manner hereinbefore directed, so* far as the case may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when such Application

Money so agreed to be paid as lad before mentioned shall not exceed wh*r*thc Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the same shall be applied dtes not

to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the time being exce 10*have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Houses, Buildings,

Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so purchased for the Purposes of this Act, in such manner as the said Juilices, or the major Part of them so assembled as aforesaid, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guard-

58° GEO. in:

Proviso rcfpeft-in? disputed Titles.

The Court may order reasonable Expences of Purchases to he paid by the Olid Just ice*.

Clerk of the Peace to give Notice to Sheriff when Houses, ft c. are completed ;

C xx.

A.D. 1818.

ians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively,

XI. Provided always, and be it farther ena£ted, That where say Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person or Person* to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name sac with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in purfuence of this Act, for the Purchase of any Hooks, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Edatr, Right or Intereff in any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Intereff of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments at the time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to be lawfully entitled to such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, according to fncb Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Intereff of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Poflef-fion, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation entitled to any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Ules in pursuance thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all such last mentioned Purchases from time to time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Cods and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Judices of the reace out of the Money to be raided by virtue of this Act, who shall from time to time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall diroft.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That as soon as such House, Buildings, Offices and Accommodations shall have been provided and furnilhed, and put into a proper State for the Reception of Hit Majesty's Judges as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Lctcejler for the time being, and he is hereby required, forthwith to give Notice thereof to the High Sheriff of the County of Leicester for the time being, and it shall be lawful for such Sheriff, or his Under Sheriff, within Eight Days previous to any Affixes, or to any Special Commission of Oyer and Terminer for the Trial of Offenders, to be holden for the said County, to enter upon and occupy the said House, Buildings and Offices so to be appropriated for the Accommodation of His Majesty, s Judges as aforesaid, and also the Furniture and Utensile in the same, in order that

he

A.C.I818.

58* GEO. III.

C. xx.

445

be may prepare and make ready the same for the Reception of His Majesty's Judges as aforesaid, the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy delivering to the said Sheriff or his Under Sheriff an Inven* tory or Schedule of all Furniture and Articles of Household Use < appertaining to the said House and Premises, and the said Sheriff shall be accountable for the due Care and Re-delivery of the same (all reasonable Damage or Loss by Wear and Tear excepted); and % the said High Sheriff and bis Uuder Sheriff is and are hereby authorized and empowered to require all and every Person or Persons then and there found therein (except the Person to whose Care the said House and Furniture is intruded under the Authority of the Justices of the Peace of the said County) to remove and quit the same for the Reception and Accommodation of the Judges as aforesaid; and ki case of their not removing or quitting forthwith, taking to his and /, .their Assistance a Con (table or Peace Officer, to displace and remove the Person or Persons so not removing or quitting forthwith, without being liable or subject to any A6tion for Trespass, or any Indictment for forcible Entry, or otherwise, for so doing.

4 XIV. And Whereas it may be necessary, for effecting the Pur-4 poses of this Act, to purchase more Land or Buildings tnan it may j* be absolutely necessary to retain for the Purposes of tnis ACtBe it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Justices so assembled as aforesaid, or the major Part of them, and*they are hereby empowered from time to time to cause any such superffuous Land or Buildings to be sold or disposed of, together or in Pareels, either by public Sale or private ContraCt, as they shall; find rood advantageous and convenient, and to order the same to be conveyed, by Indenture or Indentures under the Hand and Seal of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County for the time being, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to contraCt for and purchase the same, and to apply the Monies to arise by such Sale or r Sales to and for the Purposes of this Act; but the Purchaser or Purchasers shall not be obliged to fee to the Application of such; Purchase Money, nor be accountable for the Misapplication or Non-? application thereof, or of any Part thereof; and the Receipt and Receipts of the Treasurer of the said County for the time being for all'such rurchafe Monies shall be a sufficient Discharge and Discharges to any Person or Persons for his, her or their Purchase Monies.

XV. And be it further enacted, That during such time as any House, Buildings and Offices to be provided by virtue of this Act shall be used for the Accommodation of His Majesty's Judges at the Assizes, or at any Special Commifiion as aforesaid, all and every Sum and Sums of Money allowed to the Sheriff of the said County for the time being out of His Majesty's Exchequer for such Lodgings and Accommodations, shall be paid over by the said Sheriff to the Treasurer of the said County for the time being, to be taken and applied as Part of the Public Stock of the said County collected under the Rates for the same County.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever such House, Buildings, Offices or Accommodations shall require Aiterations, Additions or Improvements, or become out of Repair, or any Furniture thereto belonging shall become unfit for Use, or any new Furniture shall be necessary, it shall be lawful for the Juftioes of the Peace for the time being of the said County, assembled at any General Quarter

Sessions

and to deliver Inventory of Furniture, &c.to Sheriff, who it to be accountable for the same.

Any Lands or Buildings not wanted may be refold by Juf-ticeaiu Quarter Sessions. .

Allowance to Sheriff for Judges* Houses, to be paid over by him to Treasurer for County.

How Repairs, &c. are to be made, &c.

446

c. xx.

58° GEO. III.

AJX1818.

Sessions of the Peace for the said County, or the major Part of them, by an Order of the said Sessions, from time to time to direct the making of such Aiterations, Additions, Improvements and Repairs, and supplying of all Furniture and other matters and things wanted to be made, done and supported; and it shall be lawful for such Justices, or the major Part of them, and they are hereby authorized to direct that such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be expended in the Repairs, Aiterations, Additions or Improvements of the fail House and Premises, or Supply of such Furniture or other matters and things as may from time to time become neceiTary as aforesaid, and also in the Payment and Discharge of all or any Quit Rents, Rent Charges, Taxes, Rates and Demands made upon the said House and Premises, to be defrayed and paid by the Treasurer of the said County for the time being out of any Money in his Hands of the Public Stock or County Rates of the said County; and the Treasurer of the said County is hereby authorized and required to pay any Sum or Sums of Money so ordered by such Justices, and such Order shall be a sufficient Authority or Discharge to the said Treasurer for the same; and that it shall be lawful for the said Justices, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to appoint a proper Person with a competent Salary and Allowance to take Care of the said House, Buildings and Offices, and to have the Charge of the Furniture being in the said House; and also that it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices to order the said House, Buildings and Offices and Furniture to be insured from Fnr, and the Sum or Sums of Money so to be expended, and all Charges incident thereto, to be defrayed and paid out of the Public Stock or County Rates of the said County.

' XVII. And Whereas the House and Premises in Contemplation

< to be provided and purchased under the Powers and Authorities of ' this Act will be locally (ituate within the Borough of Leuejkr,

< and the same being an ancient Borough and Body Corporate within*the County of Leicester, in which the Justices acting in the Com-' mission of the Peace for the said County of Leicester have no Jorif-4 did ion Be it therefore enacted and declared, That when and so

Jurisdiction soon as the said House, Offices and Accommodations so to be pro-given to the vided and furniflied under the Powers and Authorities of this Adk

in refyUVthe shall have been completed and put into a proper State for the Purposes f«id House and aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Premises, &c. Peace for the time being of the said County of Leicester, at all times, to (it, execute and discharge their several Functions, Commissioxts, Processes, Duties and Services at, in and upon the said House and Premises so as aforesaid authorized to be purchased and provided by virtue of this Act, in the same manner, and with the like Powers and Authorities, as well for compelling the Appearance of Parties before^them as in all other refpedU, as can or may be used and done at any Place within the said County of Leicester; and that for removing all Doubts and Difficulties which might otherwise arise as to Jurildidkion at, in or upon the said House and Premises so to be purchased and provided by virtue of this Adfc ((hould the same be locally (ituate within the said Borough of Leicester), all and every the Process, Examinations, Adjudications, Judgments, Executions, Records, Orders, Warrants, Commitments and other Proceedings of any Justice or Justices- of the Peace for the time being of the said ' County

I

A.D. 1818.

58° GEO. III

C. xx.

447

t County of Leicester, made, done and executed at, in or upon the said House and Premises to be purchased and provided under the Powers and Authorities of this Act, and all the Acts of any Constable or other Officer in obedience thereto, shall be as binding, valid, legal J and effectual, and shall be deemed and considered and are hereby declared to be as binding, valid, legal and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the same had been done at any Place within the County and not within the said Borough of Leicester; any Law, Statute, Charter or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise not-- withstanding.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all cases of Appeal to any Order, Conviction, Adjudication, Ad or Pro-ceeding whatsoever of any Justice or Juilices of the Peace of the said County of Leicester^ had, made or done at, in or upon the said House and Premises to be purchased and provided by virtue of this Act (fhould the same be locally situated within the said Borough of'Le'uejier\y such Appeal shall be made to the General Quarter Sessions of the reace to be holden for the County of Letcefer, and not to any General Session of the Peace to be holden for the Borough of r Letceflcr; any Law, Statute, Charter or Usage to the. contrary 'f thereof in anywise not withstanding.

' XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace for - the time being for the said County may sue and be sued for or in respect of any Claim, Contract or other matter or thing made or t done, or to be made or done, or in any way anting under the Au-

* thority of this Act, in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity $ v and that no Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by or against

the said Clerk of the Peace by virtue of this Act, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk of the Peace,

* or by any Ad of the said Clerk of the Peace done without the Consent of the said Justices, but such Clerk of the Peace for the time being shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action

f or Suit, nominally; and the same shall be carried on and defended t under the Direction of the said Justices, or the major Part of them, assembled at any General Quarter Session of the Peace for the said County, and the Damages (if any) shall be levied, and also all Expences be by them defrayed, in like manner as the other Charges under this Act; and the said House, Buildings, Offices, Furniture and Appurtenances, and all Furniture, Articles, matters and things therein or thereunto belonging, or any Land or Hereditaments purchased by virtue of this Act, shall in any Indictment or Indidments be laid, alleged and described to be the Property of the said Clerk of the Peace for the time being, and under the Style and Defcrip-tion of The Clerk of the Peace for the County of Leicejlcr: Provided always, that in all and every Action or Actions, Suit or Suits to be brought and commenced as aforesaid, no Person or Persons whom-soever shall be deemed incompetent to give Evidence by reason of his, her or their paying or contributing towards the Public Stock of the said County, or by reason of his, her or their being charged with or liable to pay any of the Public Rates of the said County.

XX. And be it further enacted. That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance or by virtue of this Act after Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, or Cause of Action accrued for which such

Action

Appeals.

Alt ions to be brought and de-fended in the Name of the Clerk of the Peace.

Limitation of Actions.

C. xx—xxvi.

58° GEO. III.

A. D. 1618.

Public Act.

47 G.3. Sefl*. 2, c.ii.

%S G.a. c. 13. 19 G. 3. c.115. 38 G. 3. c. 10. continued for ax Years, &c., except as to Part of the Road leading from Cirencester towards Bifley.

II 0.3.0.95 37 G. 3. c. 151. continued for a I Years, Ac.

37G.3.C.1J6. ontinued for a I Years, 5cc.

A ft ion or Suit shall be so brought; and the Defendant or Defendants in any such A ft ion or Suit may plead the General I flue, and give this Act and the special matter in Evidence at any Trial to be bad thereupon.

XXL And be it further enacted. That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being fpeda&y pleaded.

Cap. xxi.

An Act for altering and amending an Act passed in the Forty seventli Year of His present Majesty, for constructing a Pier and Harbov at or near the Town of Folbefione, in the County of Kent; for varying the Limits, and improving and rendering more commodious the said Pier and Harbour; for raising a further Sum of Money for completing the same; and for extending the Powers and Pro-visions of the said Act. [19th March 1818.]

Cap. xxii.

An Act. for enlarging the Church Yard of the Partfh of Chippmg Barnet, in the County of Hertford, and for other Purpofet relating thereto. [19th March 1818.]

Cap. xxiii.

An Act to continue the Term, and to amend and enlarge the Powers of several Acts passed for repairing the Road from Cirencester to Stroud, and another Road therein mentioned, both in the County of Gloucester. (a) [19th March 1818.]

[Toll* made to cease, and New Toll* granted.

Cap. xxiv.

An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of two Acts of the Eleventh and Thirty seventh Years of Hi* piefeot Majesty for repairing the Road leading from Wem, in the County of Salop, to the Lime Rocks at Bron y Garth, and several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Denbigh $ for repairing and diverting the Roads leading out of the said Road from Weu to Bron j Garth into the Turnpike Road leading from jEllefmere to Wrexham} and for repealing so much of the said Acts as relates to a certain Part of the said Roads, (c) [19th March i8i8>]

[New Truflee*.']

Cap. xxv.

An Act for repairing and maintaining the Harbour of the Burgh of Regality of Fraferburgh, in the County of Aberdeen.

[8th May 1818.]

Cap. xxvi.

An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act of the Thirty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from' Dover, in the County of Kent, through Deal, to Sandwich, in the said County, (c) [8th May 1818.] [.Additional Truftee/.J

13 Cap.

A. D. 1818.

58° GEO. III.

C. xxvii, xxviii.

449

y

Cap. xxvii.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Term* and Powers of certain 34 G. s.c. i<c. Acts, in so far as the same relate to the Road leading from the 37 G.3. c. 161. Toll House in Paijley Lane, at she West Side of the Entry to the New Bridge of Glasgow, by or near Parkbou/e, to the East End of the Bridge at Renfrew, (b) [8th May 1818.]

[.Additional Trustees. Toils made to cease. New Tolls granted

Cap. xxviii.

An Act to extend 'and amend the Powers of Three Acts of His present Majesty's Reign, for building The Jjiaterloo Bridge, and making Roads communicating therewith; and to authorize the Relinquishment of the repairing, lighting and watching of the Roads on the South Side of the Bridge^ to the Trustees of the Surrey New Roads, acting under Two several Acts of His present Majesty *s Reign, for mating, widening and keeping in Repair certain Roads in the several Parishes of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark, Bermondfty and Chriflchurch, in the County of Surrey, and for watching and lighting the said Roads.

[8th May 1818.]]

4 WHEREAS an Act wa* passed in the Forty ninth Year 49 G.3. c.cxci.

* W of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for

* building a Bridge over the River Thames, from the PrecinS of the 4 Savoy, or near thereunto, in the County of Middlesex, to the oppojite 4 Shore, and for making convenient Roads and Avenues to communi-

* cate therewith, in the County of Surrey; And Whereas an Act was

* passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 53 0.3.

* intituled An Act for altering, enlarging and extending the Powers of c.cUixiv.

* an A3 of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River 4 Thames, at the PrecinS of the Savoy, or near thereunto, and making

* Roads and Avenues to communicate therewith, in the Counties of 4 Middlesex and Surrey: And Whereas an Act was passed in the

4 Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An 56 0.3. c.lxiii;

4 A3 for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two A3s of His present 4 Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River Thames, from the 4 PrecinS of the Savoy, or near thereunto, in the County of Mid-4 dlesex, to the oppojite Shore, and for making convenient Roads and 4 Avenues to communicate therewith, in the County of Surrey; and also 4 for making a new Road in lieu of Part of the Road or Street called 4 Narrow Wall, in the said County of Surrey 5 and for making an 4 Archway over Part of such new Road; and for denominating the 4 said Bridge The Waterloo Bridge And Whereas the Company of 4 Proprietors of The Waterloo Bridge, Incorporated by virtue of the 4 hereinbefore recited Acts, or some or one of them, have proceeded 4 in the Execution of the several Works authorized by the said 4 recited Acts, and have completed the said Bridge, and Part of the 4 Roads therein mentioned: And Whereas, for the more speedy and 4 effectual Completion of the Remainder of the said Roads and 4 Works, it will be expedient that the said Company should be au-4 thorized to raise a further Sum of Money: And Whereas it would 4 tend to the Advantage or Convenience of the Public if the said 4 Company were to reunquilh the Controul, Superintendence and 4 Management, and the repairing, lighting and watching of the several 58 Geo. III. Gg 4 Roads

450

C. xxviii.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

»6 G. 3-e. ijt.

47 O. 3. c. nr.

Tower to rails a further Sum.

Bonds and Debenture may be assigned;

Arguments to be rsg&evod.

1 Roads already made or hereafter to be made by them in the County

of Surrey, to the Trustees of the Surrey New Roads aAing under

and by virtue of an A A passed in the Twenty fiatb Year of the

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making* widening 4 and keeping in Repair certain Roads in the several Parishes of Lam-1 beth, Newington, Saint George Southwark* Bermoadfcy, and 4 Christchurch, in the County of Surrey, and for watching and 4 lighting the said Roads; and also of an A A passed in the Forty 4 seventn Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An 4 A8 for enlarging the Powers of an AS of the Twenty Jixth Tear of 4 His present Majesty, for making and keeping in repair Certain Roads 4 in the Parishes ©/"Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark, 4 Bermondsey and Christ church, in the County of Surrey, and for 4 watching and lighting the said Roads: And whereas it will also be 4 expedient that the said Company should be authorized to alter, 4 increase and vary the Tolls authorized to be demanded ou the said

Bridge and Roads; and that some of the Powers and Provisions of < the said A A 8, or some of them, should be altered, enlarged and

amended: ' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it maybe enacted 5 and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and witlnhe Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That it shall be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, in case they shall deem it meet and expedient, to raise any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Seventy five thousand Pounds in addition to the several Sums authorized to be raised by the said recited AAs of the Forty ninth. Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, by borrowing the same at any Rate of Interest not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum per Annumt and to issue to the several rerfons who shall advance the same, or any Part thereof, a Bond or Bonds, Debenture or Debentures, for securing the same, with fnch Interect, under the Common Seal of the said Company; and by such Bond or Bonds, Do-*benture or Debentures, to mortgage and afiign the Rates and Tolls to be received and taken upon thclaid Bridge; and all such Bonds and Debentures shall be regiftcred with the Clerk of the said Company, and shall, so far as regards the Interests thereon, have Priority over and precede all other Securities upon the said Tolls, and also all Dividends and Division of Profit or Interest upon any Sums fob-icribed or contributed towards the said Undertaking; any thing contained in the said recited AAs of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty 'sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or either of them, to the contrary thereof lh anywise notwithstanding: Provided always, that the Holders of such Bonds and Debentures shall stand upon the same Footing, the one with the other, in refpeA of their Right to the Payment of the Interest upon such Bonds and Debentures, without any Priority among themselves, notwithstanding the Suma of Money for which such Bonds and Debentures shall have been iffiied may Imre been advanced at different times.

II. And be it further enacted, That such Bonds and Debentures may be assigned and transferred in such and the like manner as Deeds of Mortgage of the Tolls of the said Bridge are by the said recited AA of the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty authorised to be assigned and transferred j and every Affigmnent and xi Transfer

A.D.1818.

58° GEO. III.

C. xxviii.

451

Transfer of such Bonds and Debentures shall be registered with the Clerk of the said Company, in such or the like manner as Alignments and Transfers of such Mortgage Deeds are by the same Act directed to be registered; and the Clerk of the said Company shall be paid for registering every such Bond or Debenture, and every such Alignment or Transfer, such Sum, not exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence, as the Committee of the said Company shall appoint.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for Application of the said Company to apply and dispose of the said Sum of Seventy lhe Mo, ey» five thoufimd Pounds, or such Part thereof as shall be railed, in making and completing the Roads by the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth. Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty and this Act authorized to be made, and generally in carrying the said recited AftB and this Act into Execution and EfTeft.

4 IV. And Whereas the said Company have raised a great Part of Recualihst A lithe Sums authorized to be raised by the said recited Acts of the nu, t**4 had be*n ' Forty ninth. Fifty .third and Fifty sixth Yew. of the Reign of His*present Majesty, by way of Annuity, and did agree with the several had been issued 4 Parties advancing such Sums that the same mould be advanced under the Com-4 by certain Inftalmenti, in order that the Weight of such Annuities P*ny'a Seal;

4 might not fall upon the said Company before the Sums advanced Come

4 by way of Coniideration for such Annuities Should be wanted for knitted to*

4 the Execution of the several Works authorized by the said recited apply for iheir 4 Acts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty uxth Years of the Grants, the 4 Reign of His present Majesty: And Whereas, in order to secure Company had 4 the Payment of the said Annuities to the several Persons advancing f v?"1!/ 4 such Sums of Money, the said Company of Proprietors have issued which*Doubta 4 to the said Parties certain Grants of Annuities under their Common have been enter-4 Seal, specifying the Periods at which such Instalments Should be taioed.

4 advanced, and me several Parts of such Annuities Should commence:

4 And Whereas some of the Persons advancing such Sums of Money 4 having omitted to apply to the said Company for their respective 4 Grants of Annuity until after all or some of the Periods at which 4 such Instalments were advanced, the said Company have issued to 4 such Persons respectively Grants of Annuity, bearing Date refpee-4 tively the Days on which the same were so issued, whereas ac-4 cording to the Tenor and Intention thereof the same should have 4 been dated on the Twenty third Day of February One thousand 4 eight hundred and fourteen, the Day of Payment of the First of the 4 said Instalments: And Whereas Doubts have arisen as to the Form 4 of all such GrantsFor Remedy whereof be it further enacted.

That all such Grants of Annuities, being duly damped according £rovifo for h»ch to the total Amount of such Instalments, and all Amgnments and Grants* Transfers of such Grants of Annuities, being duly damped according to the Amount of Conlideration Money payable to the Person or Persons assigning or transferring the same, shall be good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purpofej, any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise not withftan ding; and shall be binding in Law, not only upon the said Company, but also upon all Grantees, and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns; and that such of the said Grants as by Mistake were dated fubfe* quently to the said Twenty third Day ot February One thousand right hundred and fourteen, (hail be deemed and considered as bearing Date

G g 2 on,

450

C. xxviii.

58° GEO. III.

*6G. 3.C. 131.

47 O. 3. c* cxv.

Roads already made or hereafter to be made by tbe|^ of Surrey, to the Tru flees of the Carrey New and by virtue of an Act passed in the Twenl'g %r Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An ft

and keeping in Repair certain Roads in the^ beth, Newington, Saint George Sou^f Christchurch, in the County of ^

Is s and alio r|

Reign of Hr f f -

lighting the said Roads; and also cS fy ^*C

seventh Year of the Reign of Hr *

Bermondsey and Christchur^,

* watching and lighting the ft gfc

* expedient that the said f % H increase and vary the Xi^r^g,

Bridge and Roads; av/^/3 g ' the AAs, or (o'jf*

amended May it// enacted; and be it ./f by and wittrthe A/> poral, and Comr/>/

Tower to raise a Authority of ftfjf further Sum. Company of T ^

yr a orty ninth,

5 $ aiis present Majesty,

'** 6 of all or any of the Sum*

.iy ninth, Fifty third and Fifty «t6 present Majesty, and this Act, and f, ; # r, Sum or Sums of Money which may from

to raise an*72/<d, for the Purpose of redeeming or purchasing Pounds in<; */'' , r any of them; and that the several Persons who said red7'kne said Sums of Money or any Part thereof, and their Years '/ .^fljgns, shall Hand upon the same Footing as the Holden at ar Unities which shall be redeemed or purchased with the Mo-An v'jrtnced by them respectively: Provided always, that such Sums fa rffroej shall be applied solely to the Redemption or Purchase of

jvf«p of the new jund and Book of Reference to remtin in the

/{Annuities, and to and for no other Use, Trust, Intent or Pur-

^ whatsoever: Provided also, that the borrowing or railing any

J^fti or Sums for the Redemption or Purchase of such Annuities shall pot prejudice or in any manner affect the Rights and Securities of .(be Holders of the Bonds and Debentures hereby authorized to be i/fued.

VI. And Whereas it is desirable that the Road intended to be 4 made from the Foot of the said Bridge to near theObelifk in Saint 4 George9 s Fields in the County of Surrey, should be altered, and also 4 widened at the End thereof nearest the said Obeliik: And Whereas 4 the said Company have deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the

County of Surrey a Map or Plan describing and delineating the

intended Line of the said Road, and the several Lands, Buildings

and Hereditaments which will be required to4>e taken and ufedfor

completing the same, and which are described in the Schedules to : the said recited A&s of the Forty ninth. Fifty third and Fifty sixth ' Years of the Reign of His present Majesty and this AA annexed,

or dome of them, and have also deposited with the said Clerk of the

Peace a Book of Reference containing Lifts of the Names of the

Owners or reputed Owners and Occupiers of the Lands, Buildings

and Hereditaments to be taken and used by virtue of this Act Be it therefore further enabled, That the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference shall remain in the Custody of the said Clerk of

the

%

1818.

58" GEO. III.

C. xxviii.

453

.^*° the End that all Persons interfiled therein may at all

0^%, ie8 ^ave Liberty to infped and peruse the same, and

^ Extrads thereof at their Will and Pleasure, paying

^ he Peace the Sum of One Shilling for every such

" the Rate of Sixpence for every One hundred r-^ or Extrade of the said Map or Plan and

* said Company are authorized by the said

02

> 'SC vSsi

g rKy<±cc. "kS^\-

V«'A

; nth. Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years Majesty, or one of them, to take and 'tioned, such of the Lands, Build-4 in the said Map or Plan, and red, as are distinguished by % Schedule ; * Be it therefore said Company to alter and^' of the said Bridge to

^ .ifc manner described and.to take and purchase, for of the Forty ninth, Fifty third Keign of His present Majesty, and Buildings and Hereditaments mentioned *iS Ad annexed, as are not therein distinguished - which the said Company are not already authorized - recited Acts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty.ears of the Reign of His present Majesty, or one of them, to vC -zmd use as aforesaid.

y-^II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Coir»t-l>any have full Power and Authority tc alter and widen the ftvd ftoad, and to complete the same in the manner described and ^0cated in the said Map or Plan, and may purchase and take Pof-feflikon, for the Purposes of the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth, pifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, rod this Act, of any of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments requisite for the Execution of the said Works, notwithstanding any Error or Omifiion, or incorrect Description in the said Map or Plan or Book of Reference, or in the said Schedule, in case it shall appear to any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the County of Surrey, and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that such Error, Omifiion or incorrect Description proceeded from Mistake.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the several Tolls authorized to be demanded and taken by the said Company upon the said sBridge and Roads by the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or any of them, mall be and the same are hereby repealed; and that instead thereof there shall be demanded and taken at all such Toll Gates, Bars or Turnpikes as are now eroded, or which shall hereafter be eroded, on the said Bridge, before any Person using the said Bridge as a Footway, or any Horse, Mule, Afs or other Cattle, or Carriage, Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Vehicle, shall be permitted to pass through any such Gate, Bar or Turnpike upon the said Bridge, the respective Tolls following; (that is to say, )

G g 3 Fdr

Custody of the Cleik of the Peace for the County of Surrey.

Road towards the Ohelitk in St. George's Fields may be widened;

notwithstanding Midaket in Book of Reference.

Present Toil* repealed.

454

C. xxviii.

58 GEO. III.

A.D.1618.

For each and every time of passing over the said Bridge,

New Toll*. For every Foot Passenger, a Sum not exceeding One Penny :

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Vis-a-vis, Chariot, Chaise, Calash and Pleasure Carriage, and for every Hearse, Litter or other such Carriage, having more than Two Wheels, and drawn by Six Horses, or other Beans of Draught, a Sum not exceeding One Shil-

r or any of the like Carriages or Vehicles drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts of Draught, a Sum not exceeding Sixpence :

For any of the like Carriages or Vehicles drawn by One Horse or other Beail of Draught, a Sum not exceeding Four pence:

For every Chaise, Chair, Taxed Cart, Curricle or other such like Carriage on Two Wheels, and drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts of Draught, a Sum not exceeding Sixpence :

For any of the like last mentioned Carriages or Vehicles drawn by One Horle or other Bead of Draught, a Sum not exceeding Three pence:

For every Horse or other Beail of Draught drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, Truck, Sledge or fuen like Carriage, laden or unladen, a Sum not exceeding Two pence :

For every Wheelbarrow or Truck, not drawn by any Horse or other Bead of Draught, a Sum not exceeding One Penny Halfpenny :

For every Horse, Mule or Afa, laden or unladen, and not drawing, a Sum not exceeding Two pence :

For every Score of Oxen or Neat Cattle, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number, a Sum not exceeding Eight pence: For every Score of Calyes, Hogs, Sheep or Lambs, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number, a Sum not exceeding Four pence.

Cuper's Bridge Stairs to be diC-coniinued.

' X. And Whereas the said Company have built and conftru&cd

* Two Sets of Stairs or Plying Places at the Surrey End of the £md 4 Bridge, and the same are now used in lieu of the Stairs or Place 4 called Cuper's Stairs, otherwise Cupels Bridge Stairs s And 4 Whereas that Part of the Street, formerly called Narromt Wall* 4 which lies on the South Side of the Wharf belonging to the said

* Company, formerly the Property of Jervoi/e Clarke Jeri>oife% and 4 which formed the Access to the said Stairs or Place called Cupels 4 Stairs, otherwise Cuper's Bridge Stairs, has been Hopped up, and 4 is veiled in the said Company by virtue of the said recited Act of 4 the Fifty sixth Year of His laid present Majesty's Reign, the said 4 Company having made a new Road in lieu of the said Street called 4 Narrow Wall: And Whereas it is expedient to make some Regn-4 lations as to the Behaviour of Watermen plying for Hire near the

* said Bridge ; * Be it therefore further enacted. That from and after the passing of this Act the said Stairs or Plying Place called Cupels Stairs, otherwise Cuper's Bridge Stairs, shall be Ihut up and discontinued as a Public Plying or Landing Place for Watermen and others navigating upon the River Thames; and that it shall not be lawful for any Waterman or Watermen to ply for Hirt» or assemble at the said

Stairs

C. xxviii.

45&

Stairs or Plying Place, nor to ply for Hire or attemble upon any Part of the Footways or Roads by the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of Hfs present Majesty, or this Act, authorized to be made, but only at the Stairs or Plying Places built and con (traded by the said Company, and in the Recedes within the Footways at the Ends of the said Bridge; and that if any Waterman shall offend herein, or shall obitrud or moled any Person or Persons in his, her or their Passage over the said Bridge or Roads by the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth. Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or this Act, authorized to be erected and made, or shall use scurrilous, blasphemous, indecent or abufiye Language to any Person or Persons upon any Part of the said Bridge and Roads, it shall be lawful for any Collector or Receiver of the Tolls or any other Person to seize such Offender, and by the Authority of this Act, without any other Warrant, to convey him before any Juftke of the Peace for the County in which such Offence shall be com* mitted; and such Waterman, upon being thereof lawfully convicted before such Justice of the Peace, either upon his own Consession, or upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses ( which Oath the said Justice is hereby authorized and empowered to adminULer), shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

* XI. And Whereas the said Company have made and conffruded 4 certain Parts of the Roads at each End of the Bridge upon 4 ArchesBe it further enacted. That the said Company shall have full Power and Authority to grant a Lease or Leales of the said Arches, or any of them, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, for such Term or Terms of Years, and for such Confiderationr, in gross Annual Rents or other Coropenfations, and on such Conditions, as to the said Company shall seem meet; and the Amount of such Annual Rents, and the Interest of such Considerations or Compen-fatiooa in gross (such Considerations or Compensations in gross to be invested in some of the Parliamentary Stocks or Funds, or on Govern* meat or Real Securities, at Interest in the Names of the Treasurers), shall be paid, applied and disposed of as the Tolls received upon the said Bridge are by the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty dx* reded to be applied and disposed of.

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the patting of this Act the Committee of the said Company shall have full Power and Authority to appoint such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers of the Rates and Tolls, as to the said Committee shall seem meet; and also from time to time to remove any such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, and to nominate and ap* point another Person or Persons in his or their Room ov Stead, taking liich Security from every such Collector or Receiver, for the [due Executon of his Office, as the said Committee shall think proper; and the said Committee shall have the full and entire Controul and Superintendence over the said Collectors and Receivers; any thing in the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or any of them, to the contrary thereof m any wise notwithstanding*

Watermen of* fending may be* feixed.

Penalty.

Company may lease Arches upon which the* Roads are made;

Committee of Company may appoint and remove Tollmen*

Gg 4

< XIII* As*

456

C. xxviii.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 181&.

Certain Roads in Surrey placed under the Direction of the Trustees of the Surrey Nee Roads;

* XIII. And Whereas in pursuance of the said recited A&s of thr*Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His 4 present Majesty, the said Company have set out*and made a Road 4 from the said Bridge to the Road leading from Blachfriars Read 4 aforesaid to the Marsh Gate, and are about to continue the same 4 from the said lad mentioned Road to near the Obelisk in Saint 4 George*i Fields; and the said Company haye also set out and made 4 a Road from the End of Stamford Street, Blachfriars Road, into 4 the said first mentioned Road; and the said Company are now 4 making a Road from the Road so intended to be continued to the 4 Obelisk as aforesaid, into the Westminfir Road, partly through and 4 by means of a certain Street called Oakley Street; and the said 4 Company are authorized by the said recited Acts of the Forty 4 ninth, Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His said 4 present Majesty, or some or one of them, to continue the aforesaid 4 Road from the End of Stamford Street aforesaid into the Weftwun-1 fir Road: And Whereas the said Company are willing and have 4 proposed to the said Trustees of the Surrey New Roads to rehn-4 quifh to them the Controul, Superintendence and Management, and 4 the repairing, lighting and watching of the said Roads already node 4 or hereafter to be made, when and as the same shall be completed 4-and made fit for the Use of the Public, freed and discharged from 4 all Mortgages, Annuities, Application of Tolls, or other Incnm-4 brances. Securities, Engagements or Appropriations whatever; and 4 the said Trustees of the Surrey New Roads are willing and hare 1 consented to accept such Relinquishment when the said Roads or 4 any of them shall be so completed and made fit for the Use of the 4 Public, and so f/eed and discharged as aforesaid, and to undertake 4 the Controul, Superintendence and Management, and the repairing, 4 lighting and watching of the said Roads, or such of them as shall 4 for the time being be so completed and made fit for the Use of the 4 Public ; * Be it therefore further enacted, That the Road from the said Bridge, commencing at the North Side of the Archway under the said Road, to the Road leading from Blachfriars Road to the Marsh Gate aforesaid, and the Road from the End of Stamford Street into the said first Mentioned Road (being the Roads already set out and made as aforesaid), from and immediately after the pafiing of this Act, and also the Continuation of the said first mentioned Road to near the Obelisk aforesaid, and the Road from the same pafiing through Oakley Street aforesaid into the Westminfir Road aforesaid (being the Roads which the said Company are now making or continuing as aforesaid), and also the Continuation of the said Road from the End of Stamford Street into the Wcjlminfir Road (which the said Company are authorized by the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or some or one of them, to set out and make), when and as the said several last mentioned Roads, or any of them, shall be completed, and Notice thereof shall be given in Writing by the Clerk of the said Company to the Clerk of the said Trustees; and upon the said Roads or any of them being so completed and made fit for the Use of the Public, to the Satisfadlion of the Treasurer for the time being of the said Trustees, (such Satisfadlion to be certified by Writing under his Hand, which said Certificate the said Treafuret shall, in case'of Approyal, fign*and give within Fourteen Days next

58° GEO. III.

C. xxviii.

457

after such Notice bein^ received bv the Clerk of the said Trustees, ) i then, from and immediately after the Delivery of such Certificate to the Clerk of the said Company, the said Roads, or such of them as t shall be in the said Notice and Certificate mentioned and described, shall, freed and discharged as aforesaid, thenceforth be entirety under the Controul, Superintendence and Management of the said Trustees, and shall be repaired, managed, lighted and watched by them during i the Period for which they are now authorized or hereafter may be authorized by the said Acts of the Twenty sixth and Forty seventh Years of His said Majesty's Reign, or any future Act or Acts; and i the said Trustees shall have such and the same Powers and Authorities over the whole of the said Roads respectively, and to ered, place and fet up Toll Gates or Bars, with suitable Toll Houses and other Con-veniences thereon, or on any Part or Parts thereof, or across the same, or on the Side or Sides thereof (except as hereinafter provided), and to demand, take, collect and receive the same Tolls and Duties as are veiled in or given and granted to the said Trustees in and by the said recited Acts of the Twenty sixth and Forty seventh Years of the ? Reign of His present Majesty in respect of the Roads therein men-

\ tioned; and that the said Trustees shall to all Intents and Purposes

become the Trustees of the said Roads in the same manner and to the \ same Extent as they are the Trustees of the Surrey New Roads under the said Acts of the Twenty sixth and Forty Seventh Years of the, Reign of His said present Majesty, with full Power and Authority to apply the Tolls which may hereafter be collected on the said Roads hereby relinquiihed, to the same Purposes as the Tolls collected under the said Acts of the Twenty sixth and Forty seventh Years of the, Reign of His said present Majesty are directed to be applied, and'which Tolls are hereby declared to be veiled in the said Trustees for the said Purposes; and the several Powers, Authorities, Remedies and Provisions in and by the said recited Acts of the Twenty sixth, and Forty seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty given

' and granted, shall apply and be in Force and EfFe& with regard to

the Roads made and constructed, or to be made and constructed by the said Company, as fully and effectually as if such Roads were particularly mentioned, specified and included in the said recited Acts of the Twenty sixth and Forty seventh Years of the Reign of His said present Majesty; and from and after the passing of this Act, as 1 to the Roads already made and completed, and from and after the mother Roads hereinbefore mentioned, or any of them, shall have been made and completed fit for the Public, and to the Satisfaction of the said Treasurer of the said Trustees for the time being, certified in manner aforesaid, the said Company, or any Comftiiffioner or other Person .or Persons named, authorized and appointed in and by the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall not interfere or meddle, by themselves, their Officers, - Agents or Servants, with the said Roads, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, except for the Purpose of rebuilding, repairing or amending the Arches formed and made under the said Road leading from the said Bridge to the Obeli(k, when and as the same shall become dilapidated or out of Repair.

XIV. And be it further enacted, Th^t it shall not be lawful to or for the said Trustees. acting under and by yirtue of the said recited

Acts

who may Demand, &c. Tolls veiled by %6 G.3. c.131. and

47 G.3. c. cav.

And mayalt under the Powers of the said Acts.

Trustees of Surrey Mew Roads not to

C, xxviii.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

uke great erToll* nor to take any Toils nearer to the Bridge than the New Cut.

letups, fee. veiled in Truf-teet of the Surrey New pLotds.

On Neglefr of Repair of Arches under the Road, Clerk of the said Trustees to give Notice in Writing to Company or Occupier; and on Neglect, dec. to repair after Notice,

T mftees may repair, and recover*Costs, and also Ioli as a Fine.

Acts of the Twenty sixth and Forty seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, to take any greater Toll on the Roads hereby authorized to be relinquished as aforesaid than the Tolls which now are or shall for the time being be payable at the Toll Gates or Bars erected or hereafter to be erected and fet up on the federal R^uis therein mentioned, nor to erect, fet up, build or place any Toll Gate or Bar, or to take any Toll whatever, on the Road made from the End of Stamford Street aforesaid to the Road leading from the said Bridge to near the Obeliflc in Saint George*t Fields aforesaid, or on the said Road leading from the said Bridge to the Obelilk aforesaid, nearer to the said Bridge than the Road leading from Blaekfrears Road aforesaid to the Marsh Gate aforesaid, or within Sixty Feet thereof.

XV. And be it further enacted. That all and every the Lamps, Lamp Pods, Lamp Irons, Furniture, Watch Boxes, Posts, Rads Materials and other things now erected, fet up, used or placed on the said Roads hereby authorized to be relinquished as aforesaid, and belonging to the said Company, shall and the same are hereby veiled in and shall become the foie Property of the hud Trustees for executing the said Acts of the Twenty sixth and Forty seventh Years of the Reign of His hud present Majesty, from and immediately after they ftuul have accepted and taken the Care and Management of the Repair, Watching and Lighting of the said Roads and who are hereby authorized and empowered to alter, take down, remove and difoote of the same as they shall think fit: Provided always that in case the Walls built and erected by the said Company on each Side of the Road leading from the hud Bridge, or any Part thereof, shall be pulled down or removed by the said Trustees, or by any other Ferfon or Persons who shall ered any House or Houles on the Sides of the said Roads the Materials of the said Walls or such Parts thereof so pulled down, shall be and become the Property of the said Company.

XVI. And be it further enacted. That whenever any Arch or Arches under the said Road, leading from the said Bridge to the Obelisk aforesaid, shall be broken down or become dilapidated or out of repair, and the said Company or their Lessee or Lessees or the Occupier or Occnpiers of the said Arch or Arches, shall neglect or omit immediately thereafter to substantially rebuild, reinstate or repair the same, then the Clerk or Surveyor for the time being of the said Tru flees shall give Notice in Writing of such Breaking-down, Dilapidations or want of Repair, to the said Company or their Clerk, or to the find Lessee or Lessees Occupier or Occupiers of the Hud Arch or Arches, immediately to rebuild, repair or amend the same; and in case the said Company, or their Lessee or Lessees or the Occupier or Occupiers of the Dud Arch or Andies shall neglect or retufe for the Space of Four Days next after Notice of such Breaking-down, Dilapidations or want of Repair as aforesaid, to proceed in such Rebuilding or Repair, then it shall be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors ns afore* said, to cause the said Arch or Arches to be substantially rebuilt or repaired, as the case may be; and die Costs Charges and Expeseet to be incurred thereby, together with the further Sum of Ten Pounds by way of Fine or Penalty, shall be paid by the said Company, or their Treasurer or Clerk, to the Treafiutr or Txeafurers of the bid

Trustees;

C xxviii.

459

58* QPO. IIL

Trustees; and in case the said Company or their Treasurer or Clerk shall not pay such Sum or Sum9 as shall be so laid out or incurred in such Rebuilding or Repair, as the case may be, together with the 1 said Sum of Ten Pounds, within Ten Days next after Notice thereof shall be left at the Office of the said Company, or at the Dwelling 1 House or last Place of Abode of their Treasurer or Clerk, (which Notice shall be in Writing signed by the said Treasurer or Clerk to 1 the said Trustees, and annexed to or written under a Bill containing an Account of such Charges and Expences, ) it shall be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, in the 1 Name of their Treasurer or Clerk, and they and he are hereby

respectively authorized and empowered, to bring or cause to be brought any Action or A&iona against the said Company for the Recovery of, and therein to recover, such Sum or Sums of Money as

i shall or may he so laid out and expended or incurred, together with t the said Sum of Ten Pounds by way of Fine or Penalty, and full Costs Full Oft* of

* of Suit; in which Action or Actions, no EfToign, Protection or Suk. s Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

r XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Company may Company shall at all times at their own Costs and Charges well and krctk "P f substantially support and uphold, repair, amend, preserve and keep^diet

i the Arches under the said Road from the .Bridge to the Obelifk *

i aforesaid, in thorough, found and complete Repair, fit and proper

i for the Safety and due Maintenance of the said Road, and to the Sa-tisfaction and Approbation of the Treasurer for the time being of i the Trustees for putting into Execution the said recited A&s of the Twenty (ixth and Forty seventh Years of the Reign of His said pre-r fent Majesty; and that it shall be lawful to and for the said Company

\ or their Committee, and their Agents, Servants and Workmen, from

, time to tine, and at all times when Occasion shall require, to come

t upon any Part of the said Road hereinbefore described, and so placed

under the Controul, Superintendence and Management of the said j Trustees as aforesaid, after Six Hours* previous Notice, signed by

. their Clerk, and given to the Clerk of the said Trustees, of their

j Intention to break up the said Road or any Part thereof, forthePur-

, pofe of rebuilding, repairing, putting or keeping in Repair all or any

j, of the said Arches (they the said Company at their own Costs and sod to fence,

i Charges fencing fnch Part or Parts of the Road as shall be so broken &c«Road

up, and during the Rebuilding or Repair of the said Arches, and l reinstating the said Road, protecting and preferring the Public from goo<j the lame. Damage or Accident, by placing proper Lights and Perfous to guard the same, and restoring the said Road, after such Arch or Arches shall be rebuilt, repaired or amended, to the same State as before such Road was broken up, or such Arch or Arches became dilapidated or out of Repair); and in the breaking up of the said Road, rebuilding or repairing the said Arches, and restoring the said Road, all possible Diligence shall be used by the dud Company, their Agents and Servants.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it farther enafibed. That any Tollpsidst Person or Persons who shall pass through any Toll Gate or Turnpike to be erected on the Roads hereby authorized to be relinquiftied, and Ita* if° producing a Note or Ticket of the Payment of such Toll (which Surrey New Note or Ticket the Toll Colle&or is hereby required to deliver gratis), Road*.

shall be permitted to pass Toll-free on the same Day through all and

every

450

C. xxviii.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

»6 G. 3.C. 131.

.47 O. 3. c. ex*.

Tower to raise a 'further Sum*

Bond* and Debenture may be assigned;

Assis omenta to beregifttiod.

9 Roads already made or hereafter to be made by them in the County

* of Surrey, to the Trustees of the Surrey New Roads acting under

* and by virtue of an Alt passed in the Twenty hath Year of the ' Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for making, widening 4 and keeping in Repair certain Road* in the federal Pari/be* of Lam-1 beth, Newington, Saint George Southwark* Bermondsey, and 4 Christchurch, in the County of Surrey, and for watching and 4 lighting the said Road*; and also of an A A passed in the Forty 4 seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An 4 A3 for enlarging the Power* of an A8 of the Twenty Jixtb Tear of 4 Hi* present Majesty, for making and keeping in repair tertain Roads 4 in the Pari/be* o/*Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark, 4 Bermondsey and Christchurch, in the County of Surrey, and for 4 watching and lighting the said Road*: And whereas it will also be 4 expedient that the said Company should be authorized to alter,

* increafe and vary the Tolls authorized to be demanded on the £ud 4 Bridge and Roads; and that some of the Powers and Provisions of

* the said ASs, or some of them, should be altered, enlarged and 4 amended May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and witlrthe Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, in case they shall deem it meet and expedient, to raise any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Seventy five thousand Pounds in addition to the several Sums authorized to be raised by the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth. Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, by borrowing the same at any Rate of Interest not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, and to issue to the several Persons who shall advance the same, or any Part thereof, a Bond or Bonds, Debenture or Debentures, for securing the same, with such Interect, under the Common Seal of the said Company; and by such Bond or Bonds De-4>enture or Debentures, to mortgage and assign the Rates and ToOs to be received and taken upon the said Bridge; and all such Bonds and Debentures shall be registered with the Clerk of the said Company, and shall, so far as regards the Intcrefls thereon, have Priority 'Over and precede all other Securities upon the said Tolls, and also all Dividends and Division of Profit or Interest upon any Sums fob-vferibed or contributed towards the said Undertaking; any thing contained in the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty Tilth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or either of them, to the contrary thereof lh atiywife notwithstanding: Provided always, that the Holders of such Bonds and Debentures shall stand upon the same Footing, the one with the other, in respect of their Right to the Payment of the Interest upon such Bonds and Debentures, without any Priority among themselves, notwithstanding the Sums of Money for which such Bonds and Debentures shall have been iffbed may have 'been advanced at different times.

II. And be it further enabled. That such Bonds and Debentures may be assigned and transferred in such and the like manner as Deeds of Mortgage of the Tolls of the said Bridge are by the said recited AS of the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty authorised to be assigned and transferred j and every Assignment and xx Transfer

A.D.1818.

58° GEO. III.

C. xxviii.

451

Transfer of such Bonds and Debentures dull be registered with the Clerk of the said Company, in such or the like manner as Affign-ments and Transfers of such Mortgage Deeds are by the same Act dtreked to be registered; and the Clerk of the said Company shall be paid for regiuering every such Bond or Debenture, and every such Assignment or Transfer, such Sum, not exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence, as the Committee of the said Company shall appoint.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for Application of the said Company to apply and dispose of the said Sum of Seventy t, ie Money, five thousand Pounds, or such Part thereof as shall be railed, in making and completing the Roads by the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth. Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty and this Act authorized to be made, and generally in carrying the said recited Acts and this Act into Execution and Effect.

* IV. And Whereas the said Company have railed a great Part of Reciul th«t An-the Sums authorized to be raised by the said recited Acts of the nu, t*** had be*n

* Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty f«th Yemnof the Reign of Hi.

* present Majesty. by way of Annuity, and did agree with the several had been iflued

* Parties advancing such Sums that the same should be advanced under the Com-4 by certain Instalments, in order that the Weight of such Annuities Seal;

* might not fall upon the said Company before the Sums advanced th*l, fome

* by way of Consideration for such Annuities should be wanted for omitted to"

* the Execution of the several Works authorized by the said recited apply for their 4 Acts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Grant*, the

* Reign of His present Majesty: And Whereas, in order to secure Company had

* the Payment of the said Annuities to the several Persons advancing *

4 such Sums of Money, the said Company of Proprietors have issued which*Doubt*

4 to the said Parties certain Grants of Annuities under their Common have been enter* 4 Seal, specifying the Periods at which such Instalments should be tained.

4 advanced, and the several Parts of such Annuities should commence:

4 And Whereas same of the Persons advancing such Sums of Money 4 having omitted to apply to the said Company for their respective 4 Grants of Annuity until after all or same of the Periods at which 4 such Instalments were advanced, the said Company have issued to 4 such Persons respectively Grants of Annuity, bearing Date respec-4 tively the Days on which the same were so issued, whereas ac-4 cording to the Tenor and Intention thereof the same should have 4 been dated on the Twenty third Day of February One thousand 4 eight hundred and fourteen, the Day of Payment of the First of the 4 said Instalments: And Whereas Doubts have arisen as to the Form 4 of all such GrantsFor Remedy whereof be it further enacted.

That all such Grants of Annuities, being duly stamped according £rovifo for to the total Amount of such Instalments, and all Alignments and Granu* Transfers of such Grants of Annuities, being duly stamped according to the Amount of Consideration Money payable to the Perfoo or Persons assigning or transferring the same, shall be good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and (haU be binding in Law, not only upon the said Company, but also upon all Grantees, and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns; and that such of the said Grants as by Mistake were dated fubfe-quently to the said Twenty third Day of February One thousand right hundred and fourteen, (hail be deemed and considered as bearing Date

G g 2 on.

452

C. xxviiu

58° GEO. III

A.D-1818,

on, and shall take Effect from the Said Twenty third Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and not from the actual Date thereof: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall in any manner prejudice or affe6t any Question at Law or m Equity, now pending between any Parties or Persons whomsoever, relating to such Grants of Annuities or any of them, Or in any manner to prejudice or affect any Suit or Proceeding now pending between any Parties or Persons whomsoever and the said Company, touching or concerning any Arrears of Annuities or Division of Profit or In-tereft arising antecedent to the passing of this Act.

* V. And Whereas it may be proper that the said Company should 4 be authorized to raise Money from time to time for the Purpose*of redeeming or purchasing the Annuities granted by the said Com-Power to borrow c pany, or any of themBe it therefore further enacted. That it shall for redeeming |awfuf to an<j for the said Company, in addition to the Several Sums -by the said recited A&s of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this AA, authorized to be raised, to raise by all or any of the Modes mentioned and authorized in and by the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth. Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, or any of them, for the raising of all or any of the Sums by the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, and authorized to be raised, any Sum or Sums of Money which may from time to time be required, for the Purpose of redeeming or purchasing'such Annuitiee, or any of them; and that the Several Persons who shall advance the said Sums of Money or any Part thereof, and their respective Assigns, shall stand upon the same Footing as the Holden of the Annuities which shall be redeemed or purchased with the Monies advanced by them respectively: Provided always, that such Sums of Money shall be applied Solely to the Redemption of Purchase of such Annuities, and to and for no other Use, Trust, Intent or Purpose whatsoever; provided also, that the borrowing or raising any Sum or Sums for the Redemption or Purchase of such Annuities shall not prejudice or in any manner affect the Rights and Securities of'the Holders of the Bonds and Debentures hereby authorized to be iflTued.

4 VI. And Whereas it is desirable that the Road intended to be 4 made from the Foot of the said Bridge to near theObelifk in Suiut < George's Fields in the County of Surrey, should be altered, and also 4 widened at the End thereof nearest the said Obeliik: And Whereas t 4 the said Company have deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the

4 County of Surrey a Map or Plan describing and delineating the 4 intended Line of the said Road, and the Several Lands, Buildings 4 and Hereditaments which will be required to be taken and ofedfor«completing the same, and which are described in the Schedules to 4: the said recited A&s of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty sixth *4 Years of the Reign of Hi6 present Majesty and this Act annexed, 4 or Some of them, and have also deposited with the said Clerk of the*Peace a Book of Reference containing Lifts of the Names of the 4 Owners or reputed Owners and Occupiers of the Lands, Bunldmg* Map of the new 4 and Hereditaments to be taken and used by virtue of this Act Rond and Book Be it therefore further enacted. That the said Map or Plan and reimlnlnth *° °°^ Reference shall remain in the Custody of the said Clerk of

58° GEO. III.

C. xxviii.

453

the Peace, to the End that all Persons interfiled therein may at all seasonable times have Liberty to inspect and peruse the same, and take Copies or Extracts thereof at their Will and Pleasure, paying to such Clerk of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspect ion, and after the Rate of Sixpence for every One hundred Words of such Copies or ExtralU of the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference.

4 VII. And Whereas the said Company are authorized by the said 4 recited Acts of the Forty ninth. Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years 4 of the Reign of His present Majesty, or one of them, to take and 4 use, for the Purposes therein mentioned, such of the Lands, Build-4 ings and Hereditaments mentioned in the said Map or Plan, and 4 in the Schedule to this Act annexed, as are distinguished by 4 Figures in the said Map or Plan and Schedule Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company to alter and widen the said Road leading from the Foot of the said Bridge to near the Obelisk in Saint George's Fields, iii manner described and delineated in the said Map or Plan, and to take and purchase, for the Purposes of the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, such of the Lands, ' Buildings and Hereditaments mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, as are not therein distinguished by Figures, and which the said Company are not already authorized by the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or one of them, to take and use as aforesaid*

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Company shall have full Power and Authority to alter and widen the said Road, and to complete the same in the manner described and delineated in the said Map or Plan, and may purchase and take Pof-session, for the Purposes of the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, of any of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments requiiite for the Execution of the said Works, notwithstanding any Error or Omifiion, or incorrect Description in the said Map or Plan or Book of Reference, or in the said Schedule, in case it shall appear to any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the County of Surrey, and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that such Error, Omifiion or iocorrcft Description proceeded from Mistake.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the several Tolls authorized to be demanded and taken by the said Company upon the said^Bridge and Roads by the said re* trited Acts of the Forty ninth. Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or any of them, /hall be and the same are hereby repealed; and that instead thereof there shall be demanded and taken at all such Toll Gates, Bars or Turnpikes a9 are now erested, or which shall hereafter be erested, on the said Bridge, before any Person using the said Bridge as a Footway, or any Horse, Mule, Afs or other Cattle, or Carriage, Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Vehicle, shall be permitted to pass through any such Gate, Bar or Turnpike upon the said Bridge, the respective Tolls following; (that is to say, )

G g 3 Fdr

Custody of the Cleik of the Peace for the> County of Surrey.

Road towards the Oheliflc \n St. George's Fields may be widened;

notwithstanding Mistakes in Book of Re-fereoce.

Present Tolls repealed.

464 C.xxviii. 58" GEO. III.

SCHEDULE —

A. D. 1818.

Parish

and

County.

No. and Letter on Plan.

5

CO

'Z

>%

i

o

O

s

c

«>

r

3

*3

I

57

58

59

60

61

6a

63

64

65 65*

66

67

68

69

70 7* 7»

73

74

75

76

77

78

79

80

81

8a

83

84

85

86

87

88

89

90

9h

9a

93

94

95

Description of Property.

i

'i

School, kc.

Dwelling House Ditto Formerly vacant Ground, now Part eovered with small House s Small House Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Gardena in front Houses Small House Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Workshop Small House Ditto Ditto Ditto House and Garden Ditto Ditto Ditto

Do. Grocer's and Garden Small House

Small House Road, Webber Row Road, Ann's Place George Public House 1 and Garden - J

Dwelling House, -for- 7 merly Public House 3

Dwelling House and \

OWNERS.

Garden

-i

Ditto Ditto -Gardena or vacant *3 Ground between Ba- f ron's Buildings and f Webber Row - J Formerly vacant Ground now partly covered with Tenetnemt [Dwelling House and Garden Ditto

Ditto -

Freeholders. Leafeholders. OCCUPIERS.

James Hedger | Ditto Ditto Truftee* of South-^work Sunday > School -)Thomas Marfden Ditto - Truftee* of South-walk Sunday School Lakeday William Mien

Executors of)John Branf- V comb -) Ditto i !

Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto T; P - William Seldon | William Pritchard I Richard Grofe i Emjny'John Beick |

Ditto -Ditto -Ditto -Ditto -

Ditto Ditto

James Hedger - Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto -Ditto -Ditto -Ditto -Ditto -Ditto -John Willis Faulkner James Davis -Ditto -Ditto -Ditto -John Willis Faulkoer Ditto -Ditto -Ditto - Rebecca Humpbrie Johu Harrington George Caytoa John Ealing William Welsh Richard Humphries James Ledger Thomss Hsrrifoa James Walker Christopher Dowling William Undeiiuye John Pitts Thomas Bryant John Edwards James ledger

^ Ditto Ditto - John Banfield

Ditto William Johnson - William Culher

Ditto Ditto - William Ersw

James Quallett - 5 Meffir* Elliott ? I and Co. - J John May

Ditto Ditto - Thomas Stowril

Ditto^Ditto Ditto JamesHedger, Col.) Baker, John Wil- > lit Faulkner - J Ditto -Ditto - Sarah Prtfton Jolin HardcaiUe John Sheer

City of London

f Messrs. Elliott f and Co.

Trufteesof Jasper Baron Ditto Ditto Truflees of Jafper? Baron - J Ditto -* Ditto - James Brown Matthew Lifter Brown

A. D. 1819.

58° GEO. III,

C. xxviii—xxxi,

465

SC H E DULE — continual.

Parifli No. ai.d Letter Description of Property. OWNERS. 1

and -1 AOOMUirDC

1 UtLUrltKO.

Ccuity on Pl.m Freeholders. l.east holders.

96 Dwelling House an< 1 rruff ees of J afpel 1'rurtees of Jasper > Matthew Art non

Garden Baron Baron - y

I Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Thomas Shelton

*» hm W 3 C/3 K Ditto and Work (hop Ditto J Ditto Honey-? ( man, Sub lelfee J sarah Brown

Vm O >s L Ditto Dwelling- House > and Garden - { Ditto Ditto Ditto Ifaac Cameron

s 91 Road, Baron's Buildings

0 0 98 Dwelling House and)Garden - ( Temple West - George Furze Abraham HiU

99 Ditto Ditto Ditto - Charles RuJby

.5 too Coal Shed, fee Ditto Ditto William Ratham

€> § O IOK Dwelling House and) Garden -.J Ditto James Bowertnan - lohn Summers

102 Ditto Ditto Ditto - lofeph Hip well

c I03 Ditto and Workihop Ditto Ditto - Edward Edwards

*3 104 House and Garden Ditto Ditto - Ann Bell

CO*g 105 Ditto Ditto Ditto William Croft William Cross,

M Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Henry Turney

N Ditto Ditto Ditto Jeffard William Hagley

£ O Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto -1 John Laiilier

P Ditto Ditto Ditto Narciffus Marfh Narciffus Marfti

Q 106 Garden Common Sewer Ditto ' J CommifTioners John Stanton John Palfer

I of Sewers

1'Formerly Garden ")

Ground, afterwards 1

*> S-S £ w C 3 107 taken as Building 1 Ground, on Pan V Dr. Croker, Copy. holder Thomas Walls r horn as Walls

CO a-s-o 'See of which cenain I Buildings have been 1

erected - -J

a, R Garden Grouud fTrufteet of})the 1'te Mr. f i Giblon, f Charles Hitchin-bottom.

I Copy hoi ler j

Cap. xxix.

An A£fc For continuing and amending an A A of His present Majesty, 3<> G 3. c. 136. for maintaining a Road from Wearmouth Bridge to Tyne Bridgef with a Branch to SoutiV Shields, all in the County of Durham. (a)

[8th May 1818.]

[New Trifftees, ']

Cap. xxz.

An Act for repairing the Roads into and frotnahp Town of Tewkef-hury in the County of Gloucester. (a) [8th May 1818.]

[One Half Toll additional on Sundays."}

Cap. xxxi.

An A6fc for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three A&s, for repairing the Roads from Lobeomhe Corner in the Parish of Winter-flowt to Harnham Bridge in the County of Wilts* and from the 58 Geo. III. H h West

29 G. 2. e. s 1.

4 G. 3- c. 79.

34 G 3.C. 135. repealed u to the First Dill rid of Road, $ 1.

26 G. 2. c. 66. repealed as to publicly whipping Offenders,

$3.

C. xxxi—xxxvii. 58* GEO. I1L

A.D.181S.

m 0.3. e. 74. West Corner of Sahtt Anne's Street in the City of JVnv Sam

to p«t npaUi to Landford, and other Roads in the County of Southampton. (<)

38 G. 3. c. 38. [8th 1818. J

[ ddditionml Trustees. Former Tolls made to cease. New Tolls fronted.]

Cap* xxxii.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Rugby* in the County of Warwick* to the Borough of Warwick* in the same County, (a) [8th May 1818.]

'[One Half additional Toll on Sundays.]

Capa xxxiii.

17 G. 3. cio6. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His 1$ G. 5. c. X4U prefect Majesty for repairing the Road from Halifax to Sheffield m the West Riding of the County of York* so far as relate* to the First District of the said Road from Halifax to Huddersfield, (t)

[8th May 1818.J [Additional Trustees. Royal Family exempt from Toff.]

Cap. xxxiv.

An Act for repairing the Road from Bridie Town m the Parish of Old Stratford in the County of Warwick* to the Top of Long Compton Hill in the same County, and another Road therein mentioned, in the Counties of Warwick* Worcester and Glocester.

[8th May *8i8.] Uoad leading Aren Shipfton Toll Gale to the Top of Long Compton Hill, ( 1.

Cap. xxxv.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Town of Sheffield in the County of York* to join the Marple Bridge Road in the Parish of Gloffbp* in the County of Derby* with a Branch to Mortimer** Road in the Parish of Hatherfage* in the said County of Derby. (a) [8th May 1818.]

3 O. %. c. 9. 17G.1c.1a.

30 0.9. C.4O.

13 G. 3. c.97. 37 G.3. c. 159. repealed, as to

Cap. xxxvi.

96 O. s. c. 50. An Act for more efFeftually repairing and improving the Road from 4 G. 3. c. 51. the West End of the Town of Burton upon Trent m the County of

39 G. 3- *4* Stafford* through the said Town, to the South End of the Town

repealed. Gf Derby in the County of Derby. (4) [8th May 1818.]

[One Half additional Toll on Sundays

Cap. xxxvii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the South End of Angel Lane, in Brampton Bier ley* to a certain Public Highway in Mexbrougb; and also from Clegg?* Cottage* in Raw udrjk* to the North End of KUnbnrfi Bridge; and from the South End of the said Bridge to the West'.Rpd 4lf the Village of Hooton Roberts, in the West Riding of the County of York. (£)

[8th May 1818.] [One Hoff additional Toll on Sundays.]

Ob

5S° GEO. III.

C. xxxviii—xliv.

467

Cap. xxxviii.

An Act for diverting such Part of the public Carriage Road leading from Little Smeaton to Darrington, in the County of Tori, as is within the Township of Stapletons and for (hutting up and dif-continuing a certain Footpath in the said Town ship.

[8th May !8i8.]

Cap. xxxix.

An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His present Majesty, 37 O. t. c. 148. for repairing the Road from the North End of Farnhurjl Lane, to com, uued-the City of Chichejler, and from Chicbejler aforesaid to Deikey, in the County of Sussex. (a) [8th May 1818.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease on Order by Trustees.

New Tolls granted.]

Cap. xl.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present 37 O. 3. c. 177. Majesty, for repairing the Roads between the Horse Shoe House continued for a 1 in Stoke Goldington, in the County of Buckingham, and the Town Yem»&c* of Northampton, and from the North Bridge of Newport Pagnel, in the said County of Buckingham, to the said Horse Shoe House. (c)

[8th May 1818.]

[.Additional Trustees.]

Cap. xli.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Lockwood to Mel-tbam and a Branch of Road to Melt bam Mills, all in the Parish of Almondbury, in the West Riding of the County of Tori. (£)

[8th May 1818.] £Tbe Royal Family exempt from Tolls.]

Cap. xlii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road be- 33 0.3. c.181.

tween Warrington and Lower Irlam, in the County Palatine of *?i° a

t a t \ 1/ o o Diviliun of Road

LansaJUr. (a) [8th May 1818.] from

Waningtoti to

DivUion of Ro*d between Ctdiihead and Lowei lrlam, § t.

Cap. xliii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road lead- 13 G.x. c.13. ing from Studley Bridge, through the Borough of Chippenham, 17 G.a. c. 7, 7. to Pickwick, and from the East End of Chippenham Bridge to 3* c-$3*

Lower Stanton, and from the East End of the said Bridge to join 4

the Road at Draycot Ceme, in the County of Wilts. (4)

[8th May 1818.]

Cap. xliv.

An Act for continuing and amending Two Acts of His present 17 G. 3.C. 104. Majesty for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of in oart repealed, Poole; and alio for repairing other Roads in and near the said *

HU T.,

468

C. xliv—li.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. ISIS.

29 G. 2. C.49.

17 G. 3. c.93.

38 O.3. c. JC. continued.

42 G. 3. c.ioS. jo G. 3. c.119

J1G.3. c. 136. repealed a* to Application of Pur chafe Money, § ».

34 G. 3- c. 99-

jj G.3. c.77. 36 G.3. c.33. 45 G. 3. c, 72. 56 G.3. c. 38.

36 G. 3. c. "2.

repealed at to digging Turf, &c« { 5*

Town, and from Cranbornc to Coombe, with Two Branches to the Great Western Road, in the Counties of Dorset and Wilts, {a)

[8th May 1818*] [New Trustees. One Half additional Toll on Sundays. ]

Cap. xlv.

An Act for continuing and amending an A d of His late Majesty. and Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing several Rends leading to and from the Town of Wincantonf and the Roads communicating therewith, in the Counties of Somersety Wilts and Dor-fet. (a) [8th May 1818.]

[One Half additional Toll on Sundays.']

Cap. xlvi.

An Act for amending Two Acts of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Establishment of Chapels in the Eajl% West and Wildmore Fens in the County of Lincoln. [8th May 1818*j

Cap. xlvii.

An Act to amend Two Acts, passed in the Fifty second and Fifty fourth Years of His present Majesty, for ioclofing the Forest of 'Delamere, in the County of Chejter. [8th May 1818.J

[His Majesty empowered to fell Hare wood Hill and Lobs Slack Jill**

meats f § 6.]

Cap. xlviii.

An Act for increasing the Fund for carrying into Execution several Acts of His present Majesty, for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Levels and other Lands therein mentioned, and for improving the Navigation of the River Oufet in the County of Norfolk, and of the several Rivers communicating therewith.

[8th May 1818.]

Cap. xlix.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining and preserving certain Commons and Wide Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Ramfeyt in the County of Huntingdon, and for repealing a certain Ad therein mentioned.

[8th May 1818.]

Cap. 1.

An Act for draining and improving Lands in the Parishes of Bray. White Waltham, Shotte/brook, Lawrence Walt bam y Binfield* R*h comb* Wargrave, Remcnham and Hurley, in the Couuty of jBerksy and the Liberties of Whifley and Broad Hinton, in the Parish of Hurfi in the Counties of Berks and Wilts. [8th Maty 1818.]

Cap li*

An Act for building a new Gaol and House of Correction for the City and County of the City of Exeter. [8th May 1818.]

Cap.

A.D; 1818.

58° GEO. III.

C. lii—lx.

469

Cap. lii.

An Act to alter and amend an Act for ereftiog and maintaining a Bridewell, Gaol, Court House and Public Offices for the Burgh of Paijley9 and County of Renfrew. [8th May 1818.3

Cap liii*

An Act for enlarging the'Parish Church and Church Yard of South-minster in the County of Essex. [8th May 1818.]

Cap. liv.

An Act for cleansing, lighting, watching and otherwise improving the Town of Sheffield in the County of Tori. [8th May 1818.3

Cap. lv.

An Act for lighting with Gas the City of Bath, and the Liberties and Precincts thereof, and that Part of the Parish of Walcot which lies without the Liberties of Bath9 and the Parish of Batbwici, in the County of Somerset, and for constructing Ga-fometers and other Works therein, and in the Parish of Wejion, in the said County. [8th May 1818.3

Cap. lvi.

An Act for lighting with Gas the Town and Neighbourhood of Leedj9 in the Borough of Leeds9 in the West Riding of the County of Tori. [8th May 1818.3

Cap lvii.

An Act for lighting with Gas the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham. [8th May 1818.3

Cap. lviii.

An Act for providing an additional Burial Ground for the Parish of Saint Giles9Reading9 in the County of Beris9 and a Room for the Use of the Minister in performing the Burial Service; and for flopping up One of the Footpaths over the present Church Yard of the said Parish. [8th May 1818.3

Cap. lix.

An Act for better paving, cleansing, lighting, watching and improving the Streets, Lanes and other Public Places and PafTages of the City of Aherdeen9 and the Roads and Avenues within the Freedom and Royalty thereof $ and for supplying the Inhabitants of the said City with Water. [23d May 1818.3

Cap. lx.

An Act for rendering more effectual several Acts of His present Majesty, for draining certain Low Lands on both Sides of the River Witham9 and in IVildmore Fen9 and in the IVeft and Eqfl Fens9 and other Low Lands adjoining or contiguous thereto, in the County of Lincoln. [23d May 1818.3

Gap

JJ G. j.c.56.

9 0.3 c.32.

41 G. 3. c. cxxxv. in ptrt repealed, *4.

43 G. 3. t.cxviii* 49 G.3.C.0U. 53 G. 3. c. ecu

Hh 3

470 Clxi, lxii. 58" GEO. III. A.D.1818.

40 G. 3. c. *)vii.

44 G. 3.

44 0.3. c.too.

45 G.3, c.lviii.

44 G«3. c.Hx.

4? G.3. c. v*

Seffl

4$ G, 3. c.clvi

Cap. lxi.

An Act for ereAing and maintaining a Harbour, and Works coo-neAed therewith, in the Bay of Portneffock, at JCtrkmasden within the Barony of Logan, in the County of Wtgfon.

[23d May 1818-]

Cap. Ixri.

An Act to amend the federal AAs passed for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, tor the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London. [23d May 1818.]

WHEREAS an AA was passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London: And Whereas another A A was passed in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution an A3 passed in the Fortieth Tear of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London: And Whereas another A A was passed in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for warehoufng Goods within the Limits of certain Docks made under an A8 passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Tears of His present Majesty, intituled 4 An Act for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London, ' and to make Regulations relating to the said Docks: And Whereas another A A was passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to alter and amend an AS passed in the Fortieth Tear of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for extending the Powers and Provisions of the said AS: And Whereas another AA was passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to alter and amend several ASs passed in the Fortieth, Forty fourth and Forty fifth Tears of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, nr e greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for other the Purposes in the said Act mentioned; and for enlarging the Powers thereby granted to the London Dock Company: And Whereas another A A was passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable the London Dock Company to purchase certain Waterworks in the Pa-rijhet of Stratford, West ham, Bow, Bromley, Mile End and Step, ney, and other Part/bes adjacent, and to amend the several Act for making Wet Docks and Other Works, for the Accommodation of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London: And Whereas another A A was passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to alter and

4 amend

A.Dl J818.

58° GEO. III.

C.lxii.

471

4 amend federal Acts faffed in tie Fortieth, Forty fourth. Forty fifth,

4 Forty finth and Forty seventh Tears of His present Maiefiy, for 4 making Iffet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater 4 Accommodation and Security of Shisting, Commerce and Revenue,

4 within the Port of London, and for other the Purposes therein 4 mentioned relating thereto} and to enlarge the Powers and Authorities*by the fold Acts granted to the London Dock Company: And 50 G. 3. c.di.

4 Whereas another Act was passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign 4 of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 for ratfing a further Sum 4 of Money for carrying into Execution the several Acts passed for 4 making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater 4 Accommodation and Security of Shisting, Commerce and Revenue,

4 within the Port of London: And Whereas another Act was patted 5* 3* c.slix.

4 in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in*

4 tituled An A3 for regulating the Rates and Charges to be received 4 by the London Dock Company upon Wines and Spirits landed and 4 warcbe d in the London Docks: And Whereas another Act 3*

4 was pa 1 in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present 4 Majesty, intituled An A3 for allowing further time for the Com-4 pletion of the Docks, Entrances and other Works and Buildings 4 belonging to the London Dock Company: And Whereas another J40.3.c.si. 4 Ad was passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His 4 present Majesty, intituled An A3 for enlarging and amending the 4 Powers and Provisions of the fevered A3s for making the Lon dp n 4 Docks: And Whereas another Act was passed in the Fifty fifth $5 0-3*e*yh 4 Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An A3 to 4 amend the several Acts passed for making Wet Docks, Basons,

4 Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security 4 of Shisting, Commerce and the Revenue, within the Port of Lon-4 don, and for ratfing a further Sum of Money for the Completion of 4 the said Works: And Whereas the time withiu which the said Com-4 pany was empowered to make and enforce Purchases of Houses,

4 Lands, Tenements or Premisea, for the Purposes of the said Acts,

4 expired in the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven, and 4 the time limited for the Completion of the Docks, Entrances and 4 other Works and Buildings of the said London Dock Company,

4 under and by virtue of the said Act passed in the Fifty fourth 4 Year of His present Majesty's Reign, will expire on the Twen»

4 tieth Day of June in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight 4 hundred and twenty: And Whereas it is found that the Entrance 4 to the said Docks at the Hermitage, and the Works belonging 4 thereto, cannot be completed unless the Powers in the said first 4 recited Act contained for making Purchases, which have expired 4 as aforesaid, be revived and continued in manner and to the Extent 4 hereinafter mentioned: And Whereas it is also necessary that the 4 said recited Acts, or some of them, or the Provisions thereof,

4 tttould be amended, and that further and additional Powers should 4 be granted to the said Company for the Completion of the said 4 Docks and the Entrances thereto, And for rendering the Establish*

4 asent of the said Docks more effectual for the purposes recited in 4 the said Acts, and that further time should be given for completing 4 the said DocksMay it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be eaaded \ and be it eaaded by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lord* Spiritual

Hh it

and

C. lxii.

A.D.18IS

58° GEO. III.

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled. Period fo- Com- and by the Authority of the same, That the Period limited by the plet on of Docks said ]a{t recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year aforesaid, for the Com-exunded. pletion of the said Docks, Bafons, Entrances, Cuts, Quays and

Wharfs, and other Works and Buildings authorized to be made, erected and built by the said London Dock Company, under the said several Acts, shall be and the same is hereby extended to the Twentieth Day of June in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and twenty three.

Former Powers H. And be ft further enacted, That all the Powers, Authorities, forc«ntinUe " Protons, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, matters and things in

rc ' relation to the making, building and completing all or any ot the

Docks, Basons, Entrances, Cuts, Quays, Wharfs and other Works and Buildings aforesaid authorized to be made under the Provision of the said recited Acts, or any or either of them now in force, re-la; iug to the Completion of the said Docks of the said London Dock Company, shall be and remain and continue in full Force and Effect for the rurpofes of the said several recited Acts and this Act, - for the Completion of the Docks, Basons, Entrances, Cuts, Wharfs and other Works and Buildings of the said London Dock Company, during such further and extended Period as last aforesaid, as fully fn all respects, and to all Intents and Purposes, as if such further and extended Period had been given by the said recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year aforesaid, and as if all such Powers, Authorities, Pro-visions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, matters and things had been several ly and specially and particularly re-enacted in and Part of this

Ad.

1 III. And Whereas it is found that the several Pieces or Parcels

* of Land or Ground, Messuages, Tenements.or Dwelling Houses, ' and other Eredions and Buildings, or the Ground and Sod whereon

* the same Hand, and other the Hereditaments and Premises herein-« after particularly mentioned and described, which lie contiguous to

* the said Docks and Works, and are partly within and partly without

* and beyond the Limits in the said first recited Act mentioned, are

* neceflary for the Purpose of completing and finishing the said En-*' trance at the Hermitage Dock, and for the forming and making of

* such Brick or Stone Wall as by the said first recited Act is required

* and directed to be made and built, for surrounding and inclosing the

* Bafon and other Works at such Entrance, so far as the same shall

* or may he used for the unloading of Ships, and in order that such

* Wall may not be built within Tess than Thirty Feet of any fur-

The Company*rounding Buildings Be it therefore further enacted, That at any

empowered to time or times within the Term of Five Years from the time of the

Land^m°re Pan8 this Act, it shall be lawful for the Diredors and Managers

an*of the Concerns of the said Company, or any Thirteen or more of

them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to contract and agree, and to employ any Person or Persons to contract and agree with the Owner or Owners, Occupier ot Occupiers of, and to purchase from them for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and of this Act, the several Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground, with the Messuages or Dwelling Houses, Workshop, Yard* and other Hereditaments hereinafter described and more particularly mentioned; that is to say, a certain angular Piece of Land or Ground on the Wellern Side, and being Part of the Yard belonging to the Cooperage

A.D.1818.

58 GEO. III.

C. bi'i.

473

of Messieurs Hovil and Tumor on the Northern Side of Hermitage Street, and containing on the South Eastern Side thereof Fifty two Feet of Assize, little more or less, and being in the Parish of Saint John, IVapping; also a certain other angular Piece of Ground, together with Part of a Shed thereon, also conilituting and forming Part of the said Yard, and containing on the South Eastern Side thereof Sixty two Feet of Assize, little more dr less, and like wife situate on the Western Side of the same Yard; and also a certain Piece of Land or Ground now vacant and unoccupied, and a Messuage or Dwelling House, Workftiop and Yard, with the Appurtenances thereto belonging, now also vacant and unoccupied, situate on the Southern Side of Redmead Lane, and numbered Eighteen and Nineteen, the same being situate in the Parish of Saint George, Middlesex, commonly called Saint George in the East; and all the said Pieces or Parcels of Land, Messuages or Dwelling Houses, Work (hops. Yards and Premises, being within the Limits in the said first recited Act mentioned and set forth; and also all those Five Messuages or Dwelling Houses, with their respective Appurtenances, situate on the Northern Side of IVapping High Street aforesaid, and numbered respectively Seven, Eight, Nine, Ten and Eleven; and also all those Five Messuages or Dwelling Houses, with their respective Appurtenances, situate in Half Moon Court, numbered respectively Eight, Nine, Ten, Eleven and Twelve, together with the Meffiiage or Tenement with the Appurtenances, in the said Court, numbered Thirteen, and extending Eastward from the said Court to the Rear or Back Part of the Messuage or Dwelling House numbered Ten, on the Western Side of Little Hermitage Street; and also the Messuage or Dwelling House, with the Appurtenances, situate on the Western Side of Little Hermitage Street aforesaid, now or late in the Occupation of Gloag j all which said Twelve Messuages or Dwelling Houses and Premises last mentioned, are in the Parish of Saint John IVapping aforesaid, and lie without and beyond the Limits in the said first recited Act mentioned, and together with the said Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground, Messuage or Dwelling House, and Premises hereinbefore mentioned, are found requisite to be purchased, taken, pulled down and removed, and the Ground or Soil thereof made use of for the forming, making and completing of the Bason and Entrance to the said Docks at or near the Hermitage aforesaid, and the surrounding Wall or Space, and other Works necessary thereto.

IV. And be it further enacted. That if the Owner or Owners, Lessee or Lessees, Occupier or Occupiers of the Dwelling House, Counting House, Workihops, Cooperage, Sheds, Garden and Yard on the Northern Side of Great Hermitage Street, known by the Name of Hovil and Tumor's Cooperage, and now in their Occupation, ftiould be unwilling to fell or dispose of the several Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground herein before described as a certain angular Piece of Land or Ground on the Western Side, and being Part of the Yard belonging to the said Cooperage, and as a certain other angular Piece of Land or Ground, together with Part of a Shed thereon, and constituting and forming other Part of the said Yard, or of their Rights or Interests therein, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Directors and Managers of the Concerns of the London Dock Company, or any Thirteen or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and required, at the Option of any Owner or Owners,

Lessee

Company to purchase whole of Premises if required.

474

C. lxii.

58° GEO. III.

A.IX1818.

Lessee or LefTees, Occupier or Occupiers thereof to purchase the whole of such Ground, Mefiuages, Cooperage, Buildings and Prettifies, and the Rights and Interests of* any of such Persons therein respectively; and if such Owner or Owners, Lessee or LefTees, Occupier or Occupiers, or any of them respectively, shall not or cannot agree with the said London Dock Company for the Price or Prices to be paid for the Purchase of the whole of such Ground, Messuages, Cooperage, Buildings and Premises, Rights and Interests respectively as aforesaid, then the Value thereof respectively shall b£ settled and ascertained by a Jury or Juries, in such manner as the Price for any Land to be taken in pursuance of the said recited Ada and this Act is directed to be settled and ascertained by the said first recited Act and this Act; and all such other Proceedings shall take place refped-ing the said Ground, Mefiuages, Cooperage, Buildings and Premises, Rights and Interests aforesaid respectively, and the Money to be paid for the Purchase thereof respectively, as are mentioned and directed in the said first recked Ad and this Act with respect to the Premises the Value whereof shall be ascertained by a Jury or Juries in manner aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for xlvii. tk* Diredors and Managers of the Concerns of the said Company, extended to this* or any Thirteen or more of them, and they are hereby authorised Art. and empowered, by themselves, their Engineer, Surveyors, Agents

and Workmen, and any other or otherB with whom they shall or may contract and agree in the Premises, to have, use and esercsfe, from henceforth and during the said further Period of Five Years, hereby granted, such and the same or the like Powers and Authorities for the Completion tif the said Entrance at the Hermitage aforesaid, and for the making, enforcing and completing of such Purchase* as aforesaid, and carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said Acts and of this Act, and for the obtaining, taking Possession of, and using and employing the said Dock called Hermitage Dock, and Bridge, with all its Rights and Boundaries in the said first recited Act mentioned, and also all and singular the said Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground, Mefiuages or Dwelling Houses, Yard, Hereditaments and Premises hereby authorised to be purchased as aforesaid, as by the first Ad recited were given to the said Diredors during the Tfcrm of Years by the said Act fimited as aforesaid $ and all and singular the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, ' Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, matters and things in the said recited Acts or any of them contained, shall be in full Force and Effect in relation to and for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and of this Act, from henceforth and during the said further Period of Five Years hereby granted, as fully, beneficially and effectually, and in the same or the Eke manner in all Ref-peds (except as far as the same is or are bv this Act altered or varied), as if the same and every Part thereof bad been included in the said first recited Act, and as if the said further Period of Five Years had been granted by the said first recited Act, and continued by the said subsequent Acts or any of them, and as if the same were several ly and specially re-enacted in and formed Part of this Act; any thing in the said recited Acts or any or either of them contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Exrenrei of VI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury or Juries to

jonss how to be be summoned and (worn pursuant to the Directions and under the Au-ptkt thority

A.D.1818.

58° GEO. III.

C. lxii.

475

thority of the said recited Acts and of this Act, shall give in and deliver a Verdict or AfTcffment for more Money, as a Recompence and Satisfaction to any Person or Persons for his, her or their Right,

Interest or Property in any fnch Lands or Hereditaments as afore -said, or for any Loss or Damage to be sustained by any such Person or Persons, than what shall have been agreed to and offered by or on behalf of the said London Dock Company, as a Recompence and Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest and Property, or for any Loss or Damage as afore said, before the summoning and returning of such Jury, then and in every such case of Difference the Colts and Expences of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining of such Difference, (nail be borne and paid by the said London Dock Company, or their Treasurer for the time being; but if any Jury or Juries so to be summoned and sworn shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more or for less Money than shall before the summoning and returning of such Jury or Juries have been agreed to and offered by or on the behalf of the said London Dock Company, as a Recompence and Satisfaction' for any such Right, Interest or Property, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid, that then the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences as aforesaid, shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said London Dock Company shall have such Difference, which Costs and Expences (having been ascertained and settled by some one Justice of the Peace of the said County of Middlesex> not interested in the matter in cgueftion, who is hereby required to examine and settle the same at a time and Place to be by him appointed, after summoning the Parties interested to attend him for that Purpose) shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged; or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the same be not paid upon Demand, after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, shall and may be recovered by the Treasurer of the said Company, by such Ways and Means as in and by the said recited Acts are provided for the Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures incurred under the said recited Acts: .Provided always, that in all cases where any Person or Persons shall by reason of Absence have been prevented from treating, the whole of such Costs and Expences shall be borne by the said London Dock Company, and paid by their Treasurer for the time being.

* VII. And Whereas in and by the said Act passed in the Fortieth 40 G. 3. c. ilv»%

* Year of the Reign of His Majesty, it was among other things $

* enacted, that if the said Dock Company should at any time make reFMl#d'

* a Cut aero fa Wrapping Street, at or near the Hermitage, into a Bason

* or Basons within the same, they should be compellable to make, fet

* up and maintain in perpetual Repair, a Bridge, Drawbridge or ' Swingbridge, in the Line of tapping Street, across the said Her-8 mitage9 and also on the Wharf or Space between the said intended 4 Bason or Basons, Dock or Docks, at or nearly adjoining the Line 4 of Direftkm from Hermitage Street to the South End of Njgbt-' ingale Lane, so as to preserve the Certainty of constantly paling

« to

47 6

C. lxii.

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 18iS.

One Swing Cit-riage Bridge to be erected near the Hermitage, instead of the Two Bridget directed by 40 G. 3. c. xlvii. § 29.

47 0.3. Sefl*. 2. c. lxxii

!n what case the London Dock Company to provide new Lines of AqueduQs, fcC* i

to be made of Cist Iron, Directions for lay* ing down the same, <Scc.; and also to provide Cocks, Valyes, &c.$

I

4 to and through the Hermitage, by one of the Bridges being (hut at

* the time that the other might be open: And Whereas it is found

* that such Two Bridges as m the said Act mentioned will not be at-

* tended with any Benefit or Convenience to Commerce, or to the In-4 habitants of the Parishes and Parts adjoiningBe it therefore further enacted, That so much of the said Act as directs the making of the said Two Bridges in the said Act mentioned, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that in lieu thereof the said Dock Company shall be compelled to make, and shall make, erect, fet up and maintain in perpetual Repair, over and across the Entrance Lock now forming and making or about to be formed and made at the Hermitage Dock aforefaia, and as near as, may be to the Centre of the said Lock, One Swing Carriage Bridge for Carts, Carriages, Horses and Persons passing over and across the said Lock.

VIII. And Whereas by the making of the Bason and Entrance

* Lock at the Hermitage hereinbefore mentioned, the Aquedufts,

* Mains or Service Pipes belonging to the Company of Proprietors 4 of the East London Waterworks, incorporated by an Act made in 4 the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

* intituled An A3 for better Supplying with Water the Inhabitants 4 of the Parishes of Stratford Bow, otherwi/e Stratford le Bow, Saint 4 John Hackney, Saint Mary lflington, Saint Matthew Bethnal 4 Green, and several other Parishes, Hamlets, Town/bips and Placu 4 adjacent or near thereunto in the Counties of Middlesex and EfTex, 4 and which now supply with Water the Inhabitants of that Part of 4 the Parish of Saint John Wapping, in the County of Middlesex, 4 which lies between the said Hermitage Bason and Entrance Lock, 4 and the Entrance of the London Docks at Bell Dock9 will be cut 4 off, whereby the said Inhabitants would be deprived of the said 4 Supply of Water, and the said Company of Proprietors of the Ea£ 4 London Waterworks fullain great Injury, unless Provision be made 4 to prevent the same Be it therefore enacted, That wherever the said Bason or Entrance Lock shall cross, intersect or cut through any of the Aquedufts, Mains or Service Pipes of the said Company of Proprietors of the East London Waterworks which shall have been funk, laid or used for supplying any of the Inhabitants aforesaid with Water, the said London Dock Company shall and they are hereby required to provide, lay down and carry through, under or across such Bason or Entrance Lock, and for the Space of Twenty Feet at the lead on each Side thereof, a new Line or Lines of good and sufficient Aquedufts, Mains and Service Pipes, in lieu and instead of those which shall or may be so crosted, interfered, cut through or removed, and join and connect or cause the same to be properly joined and connected with the Aquedufts, Mains and Service Pipes, from whence the said Aquedufts, Mains and Service Pipes so crosted, interfefted or cut through shall be removed, all which new Line or Lines of Aquedufts, Mains and Service Pipes shall be made of Cast Iron, of not less than Seven Inches Diameter in the Bore, and shall be laid down and carried in the same Line or Direction as the Aquedufts, Mains and Service Pipes which shall be so crosted, interfested, cut through or removed, or as near thereto as shall be convenient; and the said London Dock Company shall and they are hereby also required to find and provide and cause to be connected with the said new or other Aquedufts, Mains and Service Pipes, at

or

A.D.1818.

58° GEO. III.

C.lxii.

477

or near the Place or Places where the same shall cross or in ter fe ft the Bason or Entrance Lock aforesaid9 such and so many fit and proper Cocks, Valyes, Pumps or other Devices or Contrivances, as shall or may be necessary for the preventing of Stoppages or Ob-ftruftions, and for the more convenient and effectual Removal thereof from and out of the said Aquedufts, Mains and Service Pipes; and Fourteen Days' Notice in Writing shall be given to the Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors, previous to the Removal or Alteration of any Aquedufts, Mains or Service Pipes belonging to the said Company of Proprietors, or the laying down of any new or other Aquedufts, Mains or Service Pipes; and all such new and other Aquedufts, Mains and Service Pipes, Cocks, Plugs, Valves and other Works, Devices and Contrivances, shall from thenceforth become and be deemed and taken to be the Property of the said Company of Proprietors, and to which they the said Company of Proprietors, their SuccefTors and Assigns, or their Engineers, Officers, Servants and-Workmen, shall at all seasonable times have full, free and convenient Access for the Purpose of examining, cleaning, renewing, reinstating and repairing the same, as often as there may be Occasion, the said London Dock Company making reasonable Compensation and Satisfaction to the said Company of Proprietors for any extra Coils, Charges or Expences which they the said Company of Proprietors, their SuccefTors or Assigns, shall or may be put to in the repairing, cleansing, renewing or reinstating of such new or other Aquedufts, Mains or Service Pipes, and other Works as aforesaid; provided also, that whenever it may be necefTary for the Repair or Alteration of any of the said Aquedufts, Mains or Service Pipes, that the Dock called the Hermitage Dock should be emptied of the Water contained therein, and that Ships or VefTels should at that time be lying in the said Dock, of such a Built or Construction as to render it dangerous for such Ships or VefTels not to lie afloat therein, then the said London Dock Compay shall not be required to draw off the Water from the said Dock until after the Expiration of Three Tides from the Delivery of Notice, to be given for that Purpose by the said Company of Proprietors of the Eqft London Waterworks to the said London Dock Company, at the Superin-tend ant's Office in the said Docks, or at the House of the Dock Matter of the said London Dock Company, and the said London Dock Company shall then cause the Water to be drawn off from the said Dock within the Period before mentioned.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in the said recited Acts or in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize or empower the said London Dock Company or any Person acting under them, to cut off, break, alter, remove or take away any of the Aquedufts, Mains, Service Pipes or other Works of or belonging to the said Company of Proprietors of the Eqfl London Waterworks, or do any A a, matter or thing whatsoever, to impede the PafTage or Supply of Water into or through such Aquedufts, Mains or Service Pipes, until a new Line'or Lines of good and sufficient Aquedufts, Mains and Service Pipes, with all such Cocks, Valyes, Pumps or other Devices and Contrivances as aforesaid, shall be made and conflrusted, fixed, laid down and ready to be joined and connected with the Aauedufts, Mains and Service Pipes, from which the same shall be, or (nail be intended

to

and to give Notice of removing Aqueduti*, &c.

East London Company may have Access to cleanse, &c. Aquedufts, fcc.

Proviso where necetLry to empty Hermitage Dock for repairing any of the fAid Aqueduct, See.

London Dock Company not to cut off Supply o Water to the Eali London Company.

C. IxiL

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 181*.

Mode of executing the Works at the Kxpence of the I ondon Dock Company for protecting the Haft London Waterworks.

Proviso for Rights of F.a(l London Wa er Company.

Treasurer may give Releases to Persons produced as Wit-nefTes in Actions, &c. by or on behalf of London Dock Company*

to be cut off, broken or removed; and such Aquedn&s, Mwa or Service Pipes so cut off, fevered or divided, shall be joined nod caa-ncdcd with as much Expedition as the Nature of the Work will admit, so as to occasion as little Inconvenience as possible to the Inhabitants of the Places fupphed with Water by Meant of the said Aquedufts, Mains and Service Pipes.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Works hereby directed to be done or performed by the said Isadw Dock Company for the Protection and Security of the said Aquedads, Mains, Service Pipes and other Works of the said Company of Proprietors of the East London Waterworks, shall be executed at the Expence of the said London Dock Company, to the mutual Satisfaction of Two Engineers, one to be appointed by the said Inmdmw Dock Company, and the other by the said Company of Proprietors of the East London Waterworks $ and in case such Two Engineers cannot agree in respect to all or any of the several matters afaresaid, then the same shall be determined by a Third indifferent Engineer, to be appointed by the Two first named Engineers, as Umpire, before they shall proceed to aft in the Execution of the Powers hereby retted in them, other wise than by the Appointment of such Umpire, who shall and be is hereby required to determine any matter in dispute that may be referred to him by the said Engineers, within Seven Days after such Reference, and hie Determination therein shall be final and conclusive.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be con (trued or taken to hinder or obstruct the Company of Proprietors of the Eafi London Waterworks, their Successors or Assigns, from holding, using, exercising or enjoying all such Right, Title, Estate, Interest, Powers, Privileges and Advantages whatsoever, which the said Company of Proprietors now lawfully have or may claim, or which they, their Successors or Assigns at any time hereafter may, can or ought lawfully to have, hold, claim, use, exercise or enjoy by virtue of the said lad recited Act, made in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and also by virtne of an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the East London Waterworks to purchase certain other Waterworks, and to amend an A8 of the Forty seventh Tear of His present Majesty* relating to the said East London Waterworks, or either of them; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XIL And be it further enacted, That m all Actions, Suits at Law or in Equity, and in all Proceedings under the said Acts or this Act or otherwise, for any Claim or Compensation again ft or for or on behalf of the said Company, and also iu all Profecutioiis commenced or instituted by or on behalf of the said London Dock Company, and in all Arbitrations, References or other Proceedings in or consequent upon or arising out of any of such Actions and Suits or Proceedings, it shall be lawful for the Treasurer for the time being of the said London Dock Company, in his own Name, for and on behalf of the said Company, to make, (ign, seal, execute and deliver all and every such general or other Rdeafe or Releases as may be or be deemed to be necessary for the Purpose of exonerating, releasing and difohargmg all and every or any Perfoa or

if Persons

58° GEO. III,

C.bcii»

479

Persons who shall or may be produced as a Wrtnefs or Witnesses in any such Actions, Suits, Prosecutions, Arbitrations, References or other Proceedings as aforesaid, from all or any Claims or Demands, which may be necessary to be released by the said Company, to qualify such Perfbn or Persons to give Evidence as a Witness or Witnesses in any such Actions, Suits, Prosecutions, Arbitrations, References or other Proceedings aforesaid; and also in any such Action, Suit, Prosecution, Arbitration, Reference or other Proceedings, to do any other Ad, matter or thing which any Plaintiff or Defendant might do in any Action, Suit, Prosecution, Arbitration, Reference or other Proceeding 5 and every such Release, Ad, matter and thing respectively, shall be as valid and efiiedual in all Respects, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing

of this Act, if any Ligliter, Boat or other Craft, either after having any Goods taken or unladen thereout, or which shall enter or be in the said Docks for the Purpose or under Pretext of taking or carrying Goods from or out of the said Docks, or for any other Purpose or under any other Pretext whatsoever, shall remain or continue empty in the said Docks for any longer Space or time than Twenty four Hours, k shall be lawful for the Dock Mailer or Dock Makers of the said Company, or their or any of their Affiffants or Servants, to give Notice in Writing to any Owner or Owners of Inch Ligliter, Boat or other Craft, by Delivery of such*Notice to him, her or them, or by leaving the same at his or their Dwelling House, Counting House or Place of carrying on Trade, or by Delivery thereof to the Person or Persons in charge

of such Ligliter, Boat or other Craft, if any there shall be, to

remove such Ligliter, Boat or other Craft from and out of the said Docks; and if any such Ligliter, Boat or other Craft shall not be removed from and out of the said Docks within Twelve Hours

after such Notice shall be given, the Owner or Owners of every

such Ligliter, Boat or other Craft, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings for the First Twenty four Hours, and the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every further Period of Twenty four Hours, during which any such Ligliter, Boat or other Craft shall remain and continue in the said Docks contrary to the Provisoes herein contained, the Payment whereof shall and may be enforced and recoverable in such manner as any other Penalty or Penalties of the like Amount or Amounts is or are recoverable by or under the said recited Ada.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all Goods, Wares or Merchandize which, from and after the passing of this Act, shall be landed in the said Docks called The London Docks, shall, when so landed, continue and be subject or liable to such and the same Claim for Freight, in favour of the Mailer and Owner or Owners of the respective Ships or Veffek from or out of which such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be so landed, as such Goods, Wares or Merchandise respectively were fubied and liable to whilk the same were on board such Ships or Veffeis, and before the landing thereof; and the Diredors of the said London Dock Company, or their Servants or Agents, shall and may and they are hereby authorized, ^empowered and required, upon due Notice in that behalf given to them by such Maker or Makers, or Owner or Owners, to detain

and

Regulations as to Lighters and Craft remaining empty in the Docks, &c.

If not removed on Notice by Dock Mailer, Penalty.

Goods landed in London Docks to remain fub-je&to Freight;

and may be detained by Directors of Companies on Notice from Persons claiming Freight.

430

C. Ixii—lxvii.

58° GEO. III.

A. D. 1818.

Payment for totting of Wines

Jf Works are not completed. Powers of Act to ceile.

Public a a

and keep such Goods, Ware* and Merchandize in the Warehouff? of the said London Dock Company, until the respective Freight; to which the same shall be subject and liable as aforesaid shall be duly paid or satisfied, together with the Rates and Charges to which the same shall have become subject and liable.

* XV. And Whereas under the Provisions contained in the Schf-4 dule (A.) annexed to the said recited Act, passed in the Fifty fill 4 Year of His Majesty's Reign, the Importers or Owners of Wine**in Store in the said Docks have been subjected to pay for the tailing 4 of all such Wines: And Whereas great Inconvenience and Lodes 4 to the Proprietors of such Wines have accrued in consequence 4 thereofBe it therefore further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, every Person making Application at the said Docks to taste Wines in Store, under any written Order from the Proprietor thereof, shall, at or before the time of such tailing, pay for every Calk of Wine to be so tailed, the Charge by the said Act required to be paid in respect of such tailing.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Works intended to be carried into effect under the Authority of this Act, shall not be completed so as to answer the Objects of this Act within the time by this Act limited for the Completion thereof, all the Powers and Authorities given by this A£l for purchasing Lands and Hereditaments, and erecting the Works hereby authorized, shall thenceforth cease and determine, save only as to so much of such Land as shall have been purchased, or'such Works as shall have been completed, within that time.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being fpedally pleaded.

Cap, lxiii.

An Act for making a Railway from the Hay Railway near EardiJlej, in the County of Hereford* to the Lime Works near BurKnjU, in the County of Radnor, [23d May 1818.]

Cap, lxiv.

An Act for lighting with Gas the University and City of Oxford* and the Suburbs of the said City. [23d May 1818.]

Cap, lxv.

An Act for lighting with Gas the Town and Parish of Sheffield, in the County of Tori, [23d May 1818.]

Cap, lxvi.

An Act for lighting with Gas the Port and Town of Liverpool and Township 0? Toxteth Pari, in the County of Lane offer,

[23d May 1818.]

Cap, lxvii.

An Act for lighting the City and Suburbs of Edinburgh and Pbces adjacent with Gas. [23d May 181S.]

13 Caf,

A/D. 1818.

58° GEO. III.

C. lxviii.

481

Cap. lxviii.

An Act for enabling the Southwark Bridge Company to raise a further Sum of Money, and to amend the Alta for building the said Bridge. [23d May 1818.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for ereSing 4 a Bridge over the River Thames, from or near The Three Cranes in 4 the Parishes of Saint James, Garlick Hithe, and Saint Martin*Vintry, tn the City of London, to the opposite Bank of the said 4 Rivert in the Parish of Saint Saviour, in the County of Surrey, 4 and for making proper Streets and Avenues to communicate therewith: 4 And Whereas an Act was passed in the Fifty third Year of the c Reign of Hit said Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an AS passed 4 in the Fifty first Tear of His present Majesty, for ereSing a Bridge 4 over the River Thames, from the City of London, to the opposite 4 Bank, in the Parish of Saint Saviour, in the County of Surrey : *And Whereas an Act was passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the 4 Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An Act to amend Two ASs 4 of His present Majesty, for ereSinf a Bridge over the River Thames, 4 from the City of London to the opposite Bank in the County of Surrey: And Whereas the said Company have proceeded in the Execution 4 of the several Works authorized by the said recited Acts, and have nearly completed the said Bridge, and Part of the Roads 4 therein mentioned: And Whereas for the more speedy and effectual 4 Completion of the Remainder of the said Bridge, Roads and 4 Works, it will be expedient that the said Company fhouM be autho-4 rized to raise a further Sum of Money, and that the said Acts 4 Should be amended May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That it shall and may be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to raise a further Sum of Money not exceeding One hundred thousand Pounds over and above the Sums authorized to he raised by the said Acts, in manner hereinafter mentioned $ and by all, or any or either of the Ways or Means by which the said Company are authorized to raise any Money, by virtue of the said recited A&9, o* either of them.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are nereby authorized and empowered, from time to time to grant any Bond or Bonds, under the Common Seal of the said Company of Proprietors, for any Sum or Sums of Money, not being less than the Sum of One hundred Pounds on each Bond, with Interest for the same not exceeding the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be raised and collected by virtue of the said recited Acts, not exceeding in the whole the said Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Committee or Court of Direction of the said Company, from time to time to make Sale and dispose of all or any of the said Bonds to be granted as mforesaid, either by Private Contrail or Public Sale, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, for the bell Price 58 Geo. III. I i or

51 G. 3- c.dxvi.

530.3*.

c. lxxivii.

56 G. 3. c. xi.

Power to raise an additional Sum of Money.

Company may grant Bonds.

Power to fell f.ich Bonds.

482

C. lxviii.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.1818.

Holden of Bonds to (land on equal Footing.

Company may renew prcmif-fory Notes issued under former Alts.

General Power to raise Money remaining to be raised under former Alls.

Royal Family free from Toll.

Former Alls extended to this

A a.

or Prices in Money that can be reasonably had or obtained for the same, or to hypothecate, mortgage and assign the same as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money lent or advanced thereon, such Alignments to be entered by the Clerk to the said Company in manner directed by the said first recited Act, with fefpeH to Affign-ments of Mortgages or Annuities*

IV. Provided always and he it further enacted, That the Holders of such Bonds shall stand upon the same Footing the one with the other, in respect of their Right to the Payment ot the Interest upon such Bonds, without any Priority among themfelvts, notwit h (landing the Sums of Money for which such Bonds shall have been issued may have been advanced at different times.

4 V* And Whereas the said Company were authorised in and by 4 the said recited Add, or some or one of them, to raise Money by

* Promiflbry Notes under the Common Seal of the said Company,

* and it may be found convenient for the Purposes of the said Com-

* party that such Notes should be renewed from time to time; ' Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company, from time to time as Occasion shall require, to renew any Promissory Notes already issued, or which shall or may be hereafter issued by the said Company, by issuing other Promiflbry Note or Notes under the Common Seal of the (hid Company in Bern thereof, as to the said Company or their Committee or Court of Direction shall Teem meet and convenient*

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company to raise all or any Part of the Monies authorised to be raised by the said recited Acts, or either of them, and which now remains to be raised by all or any of the Ways by which the said Company are authorised to raise any Money by the said recited Acts, or either of them, or by this Act, and also to dispose of any of the Shares authorized to be created hi and by the said recited Acts, as now remain unfold or unappropriated $ and allb the Shares authorised to be created by this Act» or such Part or Pam thereof as they may deem expedient, at and for such Price and Prices per Share, and to such Person or Persons as the said Committee mall from time to time think proper.

VII* And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horses or Carriages belonging to Their Majesties or any of the Royal Family, or any of the Horles of His Majesty's Guards, or any Horses or Carriages conveying Persons regularly attending their Majesties or any of the Royal Family*

VIII* And be it further enacted, That the said recited Ada of the Fifty first, Fifty third and Fifty fixtk Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Privileges, Penalties, Forfeitures, matter* and things whatsoever therein contained, (o far as the same are not hereby altered or repealed, shall extend, and be deemed and conftmed to extend, to operate and be in full Force and Effect with respect to all matters and things to be done, or which shall arise in the Execution of this Act, as fully and effedu&lly to all Intents and Purposes at if the same and every of them, and every Part thereof, were repeated and re-enacted in this Act, and made Part thereof*

4 IX* And Whereas the said Company have made and coaftni&ed

* certain Parts of the Roads at each End of the Bridge upon Arches, 9

Be

A.D. 1818. 58° GEO. III. C. lxviii—lxxiv.

Be it farther enacted, That the said Company shall have full Power and Authority to grant a Lease or Leases of the said Arches, or any of them, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, for such Term or Terms of Years, and for such Considerations, or Rents or other Corapenfationa as to the said Company shall seem meet; and the Amount of such Considerations, Rents or Compensations shall be paid, applied and difjpofed of as the Tolls received upon the said Bridge are by the said recited Acts directed to be applied and disposed of.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Ad, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. Ixix.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Bromley in the County of Surrey, to Ridgewick in the County of Sussex. (a)

[13d May 1818.] [One Half additional Toll on Sunday*."]

Cap. Ixx.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Turnpike Road leading from Uherftone to KendaU into the Turnpike Road leading from Millthorp to Kendal, and a Continuation of the said Road from the last mentioned Turnpike Road to join the Turnpike Road leading from Lancaster to Kendal. (£)

[23d May 1818.] [One Half additional Toll on Sunday*.]

Cap. lxxi.

An Act for more effectually converting into Money the Statute Labour in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright; for repairing the Highways, Bridges and Ferries therein; and for making and maintaining certain Turnpike Roads within the said Stewartry. (£)

[23d May 1818.^

Cap. lxxii.

An Act for repairing the Road from Chipping Campden, in the Covaty of GloueeJUr% to Clifford Side Gate in the Parish of Old Stratford, in the County of Warwick. (6) [23d May 1818.]

Cap. lxxiii.

An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of several Acts for repairing the Roads from Bqfingjtoke9 through Popbam Lane, Sutton Scotney and Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, to a Place called Lebcomb Corner, in the County of Wilt*, (t)

[23d May 1818. J

[ Additional Trustee*. ]

Cap. lxxiv.

An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His Majesty's Reign, for raising a Fund for making Provision for the Widows of the Writers to His Majesty's Signet in Scotland. [23d May 1818.]

I i 2 Cap.

4 S3

Company may lease Arches under (he Roads.

Public A£h

aoG.3.c.24. 3*» G. 3. c. 15. repealed.

23 G. a. c.46. 16 G. 3. c. 67. 37 G.3. c. 150. continued for 21 Years, fee.

43 G. 3. c. evil.

484

C. lxxv—Ixxx.

A.D.1818.

58° GEO. lit,

5*0.3:

c.clndii.

41 G. 3.c.l*xvi. continued for it Years, dec.

41 ©. 3. (U. K.) c. cxvi.

18 G.l. C.31. repealed as to poorer to Truf-teta to adminif-ter Oaths, $ 33. 17 G.3. e.96. 33 O* 3* c* »*9-50 G. 3. c. xcvii. continued for 11 Years, he.

31 O.3.C.41.

Cap. lxxv.

An Act to explain and amend an Act of the Fifty second Year of Hia present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Improvement of the Harbour of Kidwelly, and for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal or Tramroads in Kiawelly ana Llanelly, and other Part/hes therein mentioned, in the County of Carmarthen; and to alter and enlarge the Powers thereof. [28th May 1818.3

Cap. lxxvi.

An Act to continue the Term, and to amend, alter and enlarge the Powers of an Aa passed in the Forty second Year of Hia present Majesty's Reign, for repealing an Aa of the Twenty fifth Year of His said present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Stones9 End in Blackman Street in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to Highgate in the County of Sussex9 and other Roads therein mentioned; and for making a new Road from Kenning ton Lane to Camberwell Green, in the said County of Surrey. (c) [28th May 1818.]

[.Additional TrufleesJ\

Cap. lxxvii.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the Forty first Year of His present Majesty, for draining, dividing and inclosing a Common called Crowland Common, otherwise Goggu/h-land, and certain Open Half Year's Meadow, Commonable and Waste Grounds, called the Wajhes and Fodder Loti, in, adjoining or near the Township of Crowland, in the County of Lincoln.

[30th May 1818.]

Cap. Ixxviii.

An Act for repairing, widening and improving the Lower Road leading from the Town of Greenwich to the Town of Woolwich, in the County of Kent. (b) (30th May 1818.]

[The Royal Family free from Tolls f]

Cap Ixxix.

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Four Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to, through and from the Town of Monmouth; and for making Two Pieces of Road to communicate therewith, (c) [tft June 1818.]

[Our Half additional Toll on Sundays. 2

Cap lxxx.

An Act to provide additional Salaries to the present Clerks in the Report Office of the High Court of Chancery, and to provide additional Clerks for the said Office; and for making further Provision for the Clerks in the said Office. [3d June 1818.]

* \\] HEREAS by virtue of an Act passed in the Thirty second

4 VV Year of the Reign of Hia present Majesty, intituled An

AS to embower the High Court of Chancery to lay out a further

* Sum of the Suitors9 Money upon prober Securities, and for applying

the fntcrejl towards discharging the Expencei of the Office of the

* Accountant

C.lm.

485

4 Accountant General, and for building Offices for the Mq/lert in 4 Ordinary in Chancery, and a public Office for the Suitors of the said 4 Court, and Offices for the Secretaries of Bankrupts and Lunatics9 4 and for building Repositories for securing the Title Deeds of the 4 Suitors of the said Court, and 'the Records and Proceedings of the 4 Commissioners of Bankrupts aitd Lunatics; and of several Acts in

the said Act mentioned, divers Sums of Money have been, by

virtue of several Orders of the said Court of Chancery, taken out

* of the common and general Cash belonging to the Suitors of the 4 High Court of Chancery, which lay dead and unemployed in the 4 Bank of England, and have been placed out in the Name of the Ac-4 countant General of the said Court, on Government or Parlia-

* mentary Securities, and such Government or Parliamentary Secu-4 rities have been, in pursuance of the said Act passed in the Thirty 4 second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, carried to an Account,

4 intituled, 4 Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and 4 better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery

4 and out of the Dividends and Interest of the Securities purchased 4 in pursuance of the said several Acts of Parliament, the several 4 Annual Sums and Salaries, and the several other Payments directed 4 to be made and to be paid, have been from time to time made and 4 paid, and the surplus Interest and annual Produce arising from the 4 laid Securities, beyond what was sufficient to answer the Purposes 4 of the said several Acts, and also the Interest produced from the ,

4 Securities purchased with such surplus Interest and annual Produce,

4 have been from time to time in pursuance of the said last mentioned 4 Act, laid out in the Purchase of Government or Parliamentary 4 Securities, in the name of the Accountant General of the said 4 Court, and placed to the Credit of an Account, intituled 4 Ac-4 count of Securities purchased with surplus Interest arising from 4 Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed out tor the 4 Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of 4 Chancery And Whereas by another Act passed in the Fiftieth 50 G. 3. c. 164. 4 Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for building 4 certain Offices for the Examiners, Curftors, Clerk of the Crown, and 4 Clerks of the Petty Bag of the High Court oj Chancery, and for 4 making certain Regulations in the Examiners9 Office of the said Court,

4 and for making Provision for such of the Examiners, Deputy 4 Examiners and Clerks, as from length of Service, or from Age or 4 Infirmity, are or shall be incapacitated from the due Execution of 4 their Office, and for making Provision for other Officers of the said 4 Court, and jor making other Payments in refpeB of the said Offices+

4 and also by another Act of Parliament passed in the Fifty third 53 0.3.c.24.

4 Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third,

4 intituled An A3 to facilitate the Admintflration of Juslice; divers 4 other Sums of Money have been, by virtue of several other Orders 4 of the said Court of Chancery, taken out of the common and 4 general Cash belonging to the said Suitors, which lay dead and un-4 employed in the Bank of England, and have been placed out in the 4 Name of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chaueery,

4 according to the General Rules and Orders of the said Court, on.

4 Government or Parliamentary Securities 5 and such Government 4 or Parliamentary Securities baye been, in pursuance of the said last 4 mentioned Afts> carried to an Account, intituled 4 Account of

I i 3 4 Monies.

4S6

C, Ixxx*

58° GEO. III.

A J). 1818,

4 Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the

* Suitors of the High Court of Chancery and out of the Interest ' and Dividends of the Securities purchased in pursuance of the said

* last mentioned Acts, the several annual Sums and Salaries, and the

* fcveral other Payments directed to be made and to be paid, have

* been from time to time made and paid, and the surplus I ntereft and 1 annual Produce arising from the said Securities, beyond what was

* sufficient to answer the Purposes of the said several last mentioned 4 Acts, and also the Interest produced from the Securities purchased

* with such surplus Interest and annual Produce, have been from txme 4 to time, in pursuance of the said last mentioned Acts, laid out in the 4 Purchase of Government or Parliamentary Securities, in the Name 4 of the Accountant General of the said Court, and placed to the

* Credit of an Account, intituled 4 Account of Securities purchased'with surplus Interest arising from Securities, carried to an Account 4 of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the

* Suitors of the High Court of Chancery : * And Whereas by an Act

49G.3.C.69 made and passed in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's

4 Reign, intituled An Act for making Provision for such of the Sub 4 Registrars or Deputy Regiftrart of the High Court of Chancery, 4 as from Age or Infirmity shall be ajftiBed with permanent DifabiRtjy 4 and be incapacitated for the due Execution of their Office; and for 4 making further Provision for the Two Seniors of the said Registrars 4 for the Clerks in the Registrars9 Office, for the Master of the Report 4 Office, and for providing additionalClerks on the Report Office of the 4 said Court, and for making Payments and Regulations in respect of 4 the said Offices; it was amongst other things enacted, that out of

* the Interest and Dividends of the Government or Parliamentary 4 Securities aforesaid carried to the said Account, intituled 4 Account 4 of Interest arising from Monies placed out for the Benefit and better 4 Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery and out 4 of the Interest and Dividends of the Government or Parliamentary 4 Securities carried to the said Account, intituled 4 Account of Seco-4 rities purchased with surplus Interest arising from Securities carried 4 to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better

* Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, * and out

* of the Interest and Dividends of any Government or Parliamentary 4 Securities thereafter to be purchased and placed to the last men-4 tioned Account, there should be paid (but subject and without 4 Prejudice to the Payment of all Salaries and Sums of Money by any 4 Alt or Alts of Parliament theretofore passed, direlted or authoriied 4 to be paid thereout) by the Governor and Company of the Bank of 4 England, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the High Court of 4 Chancery, to be made for that Purpose, by Quarterly Payments on 4 the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of Aprils the Fifth Day 4 of July, and the Tenth Day of OQober, in every Year, such yearly 4 Sums as after mentioned to the several Persons after mentioned, % (that is to say, ) amongst other Persons to Four additional Clerks

* to be employed in the said Report Office for the Purposes therein 4 mentioned, and to be appointed by the Filer and Keeper of the said 4 Reports and Certificates, and Keeper of the said Books of Entries 4 of the said Office for the time being, the several yearly Sums 4 thereinafter mentioned, (that is to say, ) to the First of the said 4 Clerks the yearly Sum of Three hundred and thirty Pounds, to the

13 4 Second

A.D. i8ia

58° GEO. III.

C. 1xk«

487

4 Second of the said Clerks the yearly Sum of Two huodred and

* twenty Pounds, to the Third* of the said Clerks the yearly Sum of

* One hundred and ninety eight Pounds, and to the Fourth of the ' said Clerks the yearly Sum of One hundred and thirty two Pounds,

* and also a proportionable Part of such Quarterly Payments as should

* accrue due between the last Quarterly Payment thereof and the time

* of the Death or other Removal of such Clerks; and such AUow-

* ances and Payments to the said Clerks in the Report Office, to

* be a full Compensation and Satisfaction for their Labour and At-

* tendance in the said Office: And Whereas the Money and Effects

* belonging to the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, under

* the Care and Direction of the said Court, havtf very greatly in-4 creased, by reason whereof the necelTary Accounts and Business of 4 the Report Office have of late Years greatly increased and are Rill

* increasing, and the present Establishment of Clerks in the said Office ' is inadequate to tranfad the Business thereof, with such Accuracy 4 and Dispatch as is necelTary for the Public Service; and fevc^l 4 of the Clerks in the said Office have been many Years employed

* therein, and their present Salaries, considering the great Increase 4 in the necelTary Expences of Living, are not a sufficient Compen-

* Cation for their Length of Service, having regard to the Nature and 4 Importance of such Service, and the Attendance, Qualifications 4 and Responsibility necessary to enable them to fulfil the Duties of

* their Employment with Advantage to the Public : ' May it there* forepleafe .Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Mott Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

same, That out of the common and general Cath belonging to the For pUcing out Suitors of the Court of Chancery, which now lies or shall hereafter it Imereft a lie dead and unemployed in the Bank of England, a Sum not exceeding c*rta!n J*a" Two hundred thousand Pounds, shall and may by virtue of any Order to the

or Orders of the said Court to be made for that Purpose, from time to suitors of the time be placed out in One entire Sum, or in Pareels, in the Name of Court of the Accountant General of the said Court, according to the General Chancery. Rules and Orders of the said Court, on such Government or Parliamentary Securities as by such Order or Orders shall be directed, and such Securities shall be carried to an Account raised in pursuance of former Acts of Parliament, and intituled ' Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, ' and shall be made Part of the same Account; and out of the Interest and Dividends of all or any of the Securities purchased out of the said common and general Calli in pursuance of former Acts, and to be purchased in pursuance of thie Ad, there /hall be paid (but subject and without Prejudice to the Payment of all Salaries and Sums of Money by any former Act or Acts of Parliament heretofore palfed, directed or authorized to be paid thereout) by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the High Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpose, by Quarterly Payments* op the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of 0 Sober^in every Year; such additional An** out of the .yearly Sums or Salaries to be from time to time paid to the first Imereft thereof roar Clerks in the Report Office for the time being, as hereinafter add'tioJal

Ii4 mentioned*

4^8

C. lxxx.

58" GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Power of appointing Three more Additional Clerks in the said Office.

Clerks m the mentioned, (that is to say, ) to the First of the said Four Clerks

Report Office. One hundred and seventy Pounds, to the Second Clerk One hundred

and eighty Pounds, to the Third Clerk One hundred and fifty two Pounds, and to the Fourth Clerk One hundred and sixty eight Pounds; the First Quarterly Payment thereof to commence on the Additional Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen; and aP* also such several yearly Sums or Salaries as are hereinafter mentioned, Sid"Office** to be from time to time paid Quarterly on the several Days hereinbefore mentioned, to Three additional Clerks for the time being, namely, a Fifth, Sixth, and Seventh Clerk to be appointed; that is to lay, to the Fifth Clerk One hundred and fifty Pounds, to the Sixth Clerk One hundred and fifty Pounds, and to the Seventh Clerk One hundred and fifty Pounds; and also like yearly Sums or Salaries of One hundred and fifty Pounds each, to Three more additional Clerks in the said Office, in case it shall at any time hereafter appear nccefiary to the said Court of Chancery to appoint such Three additional Clerks, or any of them, in pursuance of the Clause for that Purpose hereinafter contained; the First Quarterly Payment to such additional Clerks respectively to commence from the Day of the Date of their respective Appointments.

II. And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being, upon the Requisition of the Matter of the Report Office of the said Court of Chancery for the time being for that Purpose, and upon its being made appear to the Court that additional Assistance is necessary in the said Office for transacting the said Business of the Suitors of the said Court therein, to appoint not exceeding Three more Persons to be Clerks in the said Office, who shall have and be entitled to the yearly Salaries of One hundred and fifty Pounds each, hereby provided for the additional Clerks in the said Office; to be paid and payable out of the same Funds, and in the same manner as is directed and provided by the Clause hereinbefore contained.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks in the said Report duce Certificates Office, and each and every of them for the time being, shall from time of their having *0 time, as and when he or they apply at the proper Office in the cuted^hei^Of Bank England for Payment of the several yearly Sums herein, fices, before they before provided and directed to be paid to them respectively, produce Shall be entitled a Certificate, signed by the Matter of the Report Office for the time to the Payments being, that such Clerk hath diligently and fa^fully in all things herebydiietted. performed and fulfilled the Duty and Office or a Clerk to the said

Matter of the Report Office for the time being, up to the time specified in such Certificate; and by reason thereof is entitled to have and receive the yearly Sum or Payment hereby provided, up to the time mentioned in such Certificate; and in case the said Matter for the time being of the said Report Office shall decline or refuse to sign such Certificate, such Clerk shall be at Liberty to apply to the said Court of Chancery by Petition or otherwise, and the said Court shall have full Power and Authority to make such Order therein as to the said Court shall appear to be expedient or just.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be deemed or taken to prevent or hinder any present or future Clerk in the said Report-Office from

being

Clerks to pro.

Clerks may be removed as heretofore.

C A.D.1818.

58° GEO. III.

C. lxxx.

489

being removed or di(placed at any time, in such 'manner and by such r. Authority as Clerks in the said Office can now be removed or displaced.

V. And be it further enacted, That in the Place of any Clerk who s may be so removed or displaced, or to whom any Annuity or yearly - Sum shall be ordered to be paid in pursuance of this Act, some other Person of sufficient Ability shall or may be appointed a Clerk in the r said Office, in the manner and by the Authority in and by which the

2 Clerks in the said Report Office have heretofore been appointed.

^ VI. And be it further enacted. That out of the Interell and a Dividends of the Government or Parliamentary Securities purchased t: and to be purchased as aforesaid, the Coils incurred in procuring and

fJ passing this Act, and the Coils, Charges and Expences of all Pro-r ceedings to be had in Execution and in pursuance thereof, shall be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by h virtue of any Order or Orders of the High Court of Chancery to be^made for that Purpose.

p. VII. And be it further enacted. That the surplus Interell and anuual Produce which shall arise from the Money placed out and to be placed out on Securities, pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament hereinbefore mentioned or referred to, or any of them, beyond f what shall be sufficient to answer the Purposes of the said Acts, shall from time to time be placed out on Government or Parliamentary Securities, and shall be placed to the Credit of the said Account, railed in pursuance of the said Act of the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present* Majesty, intituled*Account of Monies I placed out for the Benefit ana better Security of the Suitors of the

' High Court of Chancery and which Fund shall be applied to

answer the Demands of the said Suitors of the said Court of Chan-' eery, in case it shall at any time be necessary to call in any Money

of the said Suitors, which hath been or may be placed out on Securities.

' VIII. And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful to and for the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great £ Britain for the time being, by any. Order or Orders of the said Court'of Chancery, to change the Security or Securities or any Part of the Securities purchased or to be purchased pursuant to the several Acts 1 of Parliament hereinbefore mentioned or referred to, or pursuant to*this Act.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared. That; for and notwithstanding any of the Provisions contained in this Act, if at any time hereafter the Whole or any Part of the Money placed out pursuant to the said several Acts of Parliament, or any of them, or to be placed out in pursuance of this Act, shall be wanted to answer any of the Demands of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, then and in such case the said Court may and shall direct the Whole or any Part of such Money to be called in, and the Securities in which the same and the surplus Interest and Dividends hereinbefore mentioned shall be placed, to be sold and disposed of, in order that the Suitors of the said Court may at all times be paid their respective Demands out of the common and general Ca(h belonging to such Suitors.

Clerk* to be ip. pointed io the Place of such as shall receive an Annuity, or be displaced.

Ex pence* of this Alt end of all Proceeding* pro. vided for.

Surplus Interest to be placed out upon Security.

Securities may be changed.

Money to he called in when wanted to supply the Demand* of the Suitor*.

X. Pro-

490

C. lxxx—lxxxvii.

58' GEO. III.

A.D.I81S.

Proviso for Re. form, See. of Offices.

Public Aa.

39 0.3. e. xli*. continued for ax Years, &c.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice, delay, hinder or prevent any Reform or Abolition of all or any of the Offices herein mentioned* by any Person or Persons having Authority to reform or aboHfli the same.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Ad, and shall be judicially taken Notice of u such, by all Judges, Just ices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. lxxxi.

An Act for paving the Footways, and cleansing, lighting and watching the Streets, in the Town of Monmouth. [3d June 1818.]

Cap, lxxxii*

An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road at or near Beck-hambton, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned, in the County of Wilts. (r).[3d June 1818.]

^Former Tolls made to cease. New Tolls granted. 3

Cap. lxxxiii.

An Act for lighting the Borough of Kiddermtnjler% in the County of Worcester, with Gas. [5th June 1818.]

Cap, lxxxiv.

An Act for lighting with Gas the City of Worcester, and the Liberties, Precincts and Suburbs thereof\ and those Parts of the several Parifttes of Saint Peter the Great, Saint Martin, Saint Michael ia Bedwardine, Saint John in Bedwardine, Claines and Saint Clement, which lie contiguous to, but without the Liberties of the said City and in the County of Worcester. [5th June 1818.]

Cap, lxxxv.

An Act for better fupplyiog the Inhabitants of the Town of Monmouth with Water. [5th June 1818*J

Cap, lxxxvi.

An Act for building a Chapel of Ease in the Townftrip of Pendleton and Parish of Ecclee, in the County Palatine of Lanca/ler.

[10th Jusu 1818.]

Cap, lxxxvii.

An Act for lighting with Gas the Town of BrighthelmJonef in the County of SuJ/ex, [10th June 1818.]

PRIVATE

58° GEO. III.

Pr.C. i—4.

491

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE KING'S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF T: 1E PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN

EVIDENCE.

N. B. To each of these jfSs is annexed a Clause in the Form

following :

" And be it further enacted. That this Act shall be printed by " the several Printers to The King's Most Excellent Majesty, duly " authorized to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom, and that " a Copy thereof, so printed by any of them, shall be admitted as«Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices and others."

Cap. I*

An Aa For inclosing Lands in the Parish of Cranford\ in the County of Middlesex. [17th March 1818.]

Cap. 2.

An Act for enabling the Trustees adiing under Letters Patent granted by King Charles the Second, to dispose of certain old Almfhouses and other Premises, held in Trust for the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex; and for vetting Part of the new Burial Ground belonging to the said Parish, at or near Camden Town, in the said Trustees, as a Site for eredling new Almfhouses thereon; and for other Purposes. [8th May 1818.3

Cap. 3#

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Laverfioci, including the Tithing of Ford, in the County of Wilts.

[8th ^£ay 1818*3

Cap« 4*

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Damerbam South, in the County of Wilts. [8th May j8i8*3

Cap.

492

Pr.C. 5—11.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.181&

Cop £

An Act for incloling Lands in the Parish of Warfob, in the County of Nottingham [8th May 1818.]

" Commissioners to ascertain the value of Tithes, $ 22. Allot-u ments iu lieu of Tithes, { 23. Declaring the Exoneration of " Tithes. Tithes payable till Possession of Allotments delivered) " # *4-

(Tap* 6.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Thelnetbam, in the County of Suffolk. [8th May 1818.]

41 Commissioners to fet the Tithes in Tbelneiham for the first Three M Years, $33.

Cap. 7.

An Act for incloling Lands in Middop, otherwise Midbopc, in the Parish of EccletjUld% in the Cdunty of Turk*

[8th May 1818.]

" Parties enabled to agree for a Commutation of Tithes before eie-" cution of Award, § 28.

Cap 8.

An Act for incloling Lands in Q*Jpring% in the Parish of Pmfiw, and County of Tori. [8th May 1818.]

w Parties enabled to agree on a Commutation for Tithes before eie-" cution of Award, J 30. Allotments to Tithe Owners to be rag € feneed, § 31.

Cap. 9.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the .Manor of AinJUblt* in the Parish of Ainfiakle, in the County of Cumberland.

[8th May 1818.]

" Allotment to the Vicar for Tithes, $17. Allotment for Tithes " of Hay, Wood Lands, &c. § 23.

Cap. 1 o»

An Act to amend an Act made in the Fifty third Year of His pre* sent Majesty, for incloling Lands in the Parishes of IJleworth, Hejlon and Twicienbam9 in the County of Middle/ex.

[8th May 1818»j

Cap. 11.

An Act for allotting Lands in the Parish of Noke9 in the County of.Oxford. [8th May 1818.]

Ctf-

58° GEO. III.

Pr. C. 12— ia

493

Cap. it.

yVn Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Erpingham, Colby, Banning bam and Ingworth, in the County of Norfolk.

[8th May 1818..]

44 Compensation for Tithes of Allotments for Three Years to be fixed 44 by Commissioners, § 32.

Cap. 13.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Itteringham9 Oulton, Wickmere and Wood Dalltng9 in the County of Norfolk.

[8tn May l8i8.J

Cap. 14.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Great Melton, otherwise Melton Saint Mary9 and All Sainti9 in the County of .Norfolk.

[8th May 1818.]

44 Proviso for Right to Tithes, f 48.

Cap. 15.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Moreton Valence9 and in the Hamlet or Tithing of Putloe, in the Parish of Standijb9 both in the County of Gloucester. [8th May 1818.]

Cap. 16.

AjO Ad for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Norbury in the County of Derby. [8th May 1818.]

Cap. 17.

An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Marden9 Sutton Saint Michael9 Sutton Saint Nicholas and Withington9 and certain Chapelries, Townships and Parishes adjacent thereto, in the County of Hereford. [8th May 1818.J

44 Commissioners empowered to ascertain to what Tithes certain Lands 44 are subject, and Tithes to be paid according to Declaration of Com-" mi (Boners, ft.

Cap. 18.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of South Moreton9 in the County of Berks. [8th May 1818.]

" Allotment to Rector, &c. in lieu of Tithes, f 24. Compensation " to be made in lieu of Tithes for old *4 Inclosures, where Owners < hare not Lands in Common Fields sufficient to discharge the " same, f 25. Prorifo for Re dor's Right to Tithes claimed by u John Sadgrove and John Kerby9 f 27. Tithes to remain until a " certain Period, § 28. Allotments to Rector in lieu of Tithes to 41 be secured, £ 32.

Cap.

494

Pr. C. 19—24.

58- GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Cop* 19*

An Act for inclosing Landa in the Parish of IValfham-lc-WUlowh in the County of Suffolk. [8th May 1818.]

u Extinguiftiment of Titbea of Land on Allwood Green by the Ad

u directed to be allotted to Trustees, § 23.

Cap. 20.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Etton* in the Parish of Etton> in the East Riding of the County of York.

[8th May 1818.]

€t Tithe Allotment, § 17. Annual Renta as a further Compcnfatioa

" for Titbea ascertained, § 18. When the Tithes are to cease, £21.

" Modufea or fixed Money Payments to continue payable, j 22.

" Tithe Allotments to be feneed, § 28.

Cap. 21.

An Aa to enable Peter Penniall, and others therein mentioned, to grant a Building Lease of certain Premises situate in High Street, m the Parish of Saint Mary Newington, in the County of Surrey.

[8th May 1818.]

Cap. 22.

An Act to enable the Trustees of Saint PauPs School, in the City of London, to purchase Buildings and Land adjoining or near to the said School, for the better Accommodation of the Scholars, and for other Purposes. [23d May 1818.]

Cap. 23.

An Aa to eoable the Governors of the Free Grammar School of King Charles the Second, at Bradford in the County of York, to fell the old School House, and to fell certain Lands belonging to the said Foundation, and to apply the Money arifiug by fucn Sale* in the Building of a new School House, and in the Purchase of other Estates, to be veiled in the Governors on the Trusts of the said Chanty, and to convey the Inheritance in Fee Simple, for building, upon reserved Rents, or to make building Lease* of certain Pans of the Estates of the said School; and also to enable the Governors to increase the number of Masters, and allow proper Salaries, and for enlarging the Trulls and Powers of the said Governors* [23d May 1818.]

Cap. 24.

An Act for efieding an Exchange of an Estate in the County of Norfolk, devised by the Will of Robert Harvey Efquke to John Harvey Esquire, under certain Limitations, for an EJfcate belonging to the said John Harvey Esquire, in Fee Simple, to be fob-jeded to the like Limitations. [23d May i8j8.]

Cap

A.D.1813.

58° GEO- III.

Pr. C. 25—30.

495

Cap. ay.

An Act for dividing and allotting Lands in the Parish of Lakenheath, in the County of Suffolk. [23d dfjy 1818.]

41 Lands allotted for Lands Tithe free or covered by a Modus, to be <c Tithe free or covered by such Modus.

Cap. 26.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bradford, in the County of Wilts. [23d May 1818.]

Cap. 27.

An Act for amending an Act of His present Majesty, intituled an AS for dividing and inclo/tnr Heworth Moor, in the Manor or Tovunfbip q/* He worth, in the North Riding of the County of York; and for extinguifbing the Rights of Stray and Average over certain Lands, called Half Year Lands, Jituate in the Suburbs or PrecinSs of the City of York 5 and for extending the Provisions of the said Act, to the Inclosure of certain Lands in the Suburbs or Precincts of the City of Tori. [23d May 1818.]

Cap. 28.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Kilmainham, Saint James y Clondalkbty Crumlin, ATenvcqflle and Ratheoolc, in the County of Dublin. [23d May 1818.J

Cap. 29.

An Act for extinguifbing a limited Right of Common over certain Coppices or Woodlands and Grounds in the Parish of Hurflborne Tarranty in the County of Southampton; and for allotting and fet-ting out a Part of the same, to be subject to a more ex ten five Right of Common, in lieu of the Right extinguished.'

[23d May 1818.]

C*p. jo.

An Act for empowering Trufteea to join, as to one undivided fourth Part of certain E dates devised by the Will of Edward Bamardy Gentleman, deceased, in the Sale of the Entirety of the same Estates, and to purchase other Lands to be settled to the same Uses; and also for enabling 'the same Trustees to join as to the lame undivided fourth Part in making a Partition of the same Estates; and also for empowering certain Trustees to join in granting Leaks of the Entirety of the same Premises, and for other Purposes. [28th May 1818.]

Cat>.

496

Pr. C. 31—36.

58° GEO. III.

A.D.181S.

Cap. 31.

An Act for repealing an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for vefing Part of the settled Ejlates of Sir Charles Knightley Baronet, which were dtvifed by the Will of Lucy Knightley Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money artfitig thereby in the Pur chafe of other Ejlates to be settled in lieu thereof and to the same Uftt% and for other Purposes; and for veiling that Part and other Parts of the < said settled Estates in other Trustees to be sold, and for applying Part of the Money arising thereby in the Discharge of certain Incumbrances thereon, and laying out the Residue of the same Money in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Ufes-

[28th May 1818.]

Cap. 32.

An Act to render effectual a Conveyance of the legal Fee as to a Moiety of certain Hereditaments in the Parishes of Llanidloes^ Llangerrig and Llandinam, in the County of Montgomery, belonging to Robert Ingram Esquire, [28th May 1818. j

Cap. 33.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Lytchet Mat ravers, and Lytchet Minfer% in the County of Dorset.[28th May 1818.]

*< Lands to be discharged of certain Tithes for first five Years afnr

u Improvement,

Cap. 34,

An Act for effecting and establishing an Exchange between the Reverend Robert Philip Goodenough, Reftor of Carlton in LindricU in the County of Nottingham, and Henry Gaily Knight Esquire, of Glebe and other Lands in Carlton aforesaid. [3d June 1818.J

Cap. 35.

An Act for vesting in the surviving and new Trustees certain Estates and Property in Ireland, of the Most Honourable Walter Marquis and Ean of Ormonde in Ireland, and Baron Butler in England, which have not been fold or disposed of under and by virtue of Three Acts of Parliament, made in the Thirty fifth, Forty fifth, and Forty eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty.

* [3d , 71111* 1818.]

Cap. 36.

An Act for settling a Moiety of a yearly Rent of Four hundred Pounds, discharged from certain Entails created therein, upon WiU.Ham Danby Esquire, and Caroline his Wife, and their Issue.

[3d June 1818.j

Cep

A.D.1818.

58° GEO. III.

Pr. C. 37—39.

Cap. 37.

An Act for confirming an Exchange of certain Estates in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, of which Sarah Hethersett, Spinster, is Tenant for Life under the Will of her late Uncle John Barker Efquire9 for certain EHates in the said Counties to which the said Sarah Hctberfett and her Sifters Jane Marla Hemfworth (Wife of Henry D*Efterre Hemfworth Esquire), Ann Amelia Hetherfett Spinster, and Isabel Huntington (Wife of John Barker Huntington Esquire), became entitled by Defceut from their late Father James Hetherfett Esquire. [5th June 1818.]

Cap 3^*

An Act for effecting the Sale of the settled Freehold E dates of Thomas Leech the Elder, Esquire, situate in the Counties of Lin-coin, Kent and Surrey, and for' applying the Monies to arise by such Sale, in manner therein mentioned. [5th June 18x8.]

Cap. 39.

An A St for veiling certain Pieces or Parcels of Land, and other Hereditaments, belonging to Sidney Sufic* College, in the Uni-verfity of Cambridge, in Trustees for Sale, with Powers to lease on Fines, and for applying. the Purchase Monies, and Monies to arise from Fines, in manner therein mentioned, [xoth June 1818.]

[Index removed.]

[Adverts removed.]

