LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED;

OR PRINTED COPIES WHEREOF ARE DECLARED TO BE EVIDENCE.

N.B. — The Continuance of such of the following Acts as are temporary will be known (where it is not expressly stated) by referring to the following List, according to the corresponding Letter in the Title.

(a) For 21 Years, &c. [i.e. to the End of the next Session] from a Day named in the Act.

(b) For 21 Years, &c, from the passing of the Act.

(c) For 21 Years, &c. after the End of the Term under former Acts.

All Acts in this List, not distinguished by the Letters (q.P.) are Publick Acts; to each of which is annexed a Clause in the Form Following:

"And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded."

(q.P.) Quasi-Publick Acts, i.e. Acts to each of which is annexed a Clause in the Form following:

"And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King's most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof, so printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others."

Cap. i.

---

6 Ann. c. s.pr. AN Act for continuing the Term and Powers of several Acts 10 Ann. c. 14. pa fled for repairing the Harbour and Quay of Watchett> in the

7G.1.C. 24. County of Somerset.

[22d February 1809.]

io G. 3. c. 24.

["Forforty Tears, & c. from the End of the Term under 10G. 3. r.24.3

Cap. ii.

G. 3. c, xb. An Act for amending an Act of the Forty«fourth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating certain Fisheries in the County of Cumberland, and other Places therein mentioned, so far as respects the Fishery in the River Derwent.

[13th March 1809.]

Cap. iii.

6 G. 3, c. r, s. An Act for better enabling the Company of'Proprietors of the Aber-41G. 3.' c. i'.i. deenshire Canal Navigation to raise the necessary Fund to complete the lame.

[] 13th March 1809.]

Cap. iv.

An Act for more effectually improving the Streets, Lanes, aid Pub-, Tick Pafliages, in the Town of Cainjborough in the County of Lin*

coh

A.D. 1809.'49bGEO.III. CAv — xii. 571

coin, and for laying a Duty on Coals*brought to the said Town[ d to be sold.

[ 13 March 1809. ]

[9 G. 3. c. 21. repealed in part.3

Cap. t,

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Rotherham to Swinton, in the West Riding of the County of York. (a)

[13 th March 1809.]

Cap. vi.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His 6G. 3. c. 79. present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Ashbourn to Sudbury, 27 G. 3.«. 87. and from Sudbury to Yoxall Bridge, and from Hatton Moor loTutbury, in the Counties of Derby and Stafford, and for making Two new Branches of Road to communicate therewith, (r)

[13th Marchi$o$.'\

Cap. vii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His 33 G. 2.C.47. late and present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Coun- 21r'3, c* tiesof Derby, Leicester, and Warwick. (c.) [13th March 1809 ]

Cap. viii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Radclisse, and the Township of Ainsworth, in the Parish of Middleton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. (q.P.)

[13th March 1809.]

Cap. ix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of Workington and Wtnscales, and Manor of Workington, in the Parish of Workington, in the County of Cumberland. (q.P.)

[20th March 1809.]

[.Allotment in Satisfaction of Tithes. § 17, 18.]

Cap. x.

An Act for amending so much of an Act of the Forty-first Year of 41 G.i.c. lir. His present Majesty, for builJing and keeping in Repair the Pier at Sheerness, in the Isle of Sheppy, in the County of Kent, and for other Purposes therein-mentioned, as relates to the said Pier.

[24th March 1809.] [^Former Duties repealed\ and new Duties granted.]

Cap. xi.F

An Act to continue the Term, and alter the Powers, of an Act of asG.3. c. 101 His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Township of Saltney, in the County of Flint, to the Town of Flint, (r)

[24th March 1809.]

So much of former Act as related to Statute Labour on the Road 4t repealed: and all Persons by Law liable to Statute-work shall be fi chargeable as heretofore.

Cap. xii.

An Act for making and maintaining^Road from Horsham to join the Turnpike Road leading to Guildford, with Two Branches therefrom, in the Counties of Sussex and Surrey. (a)

[24th March 1809.]

57*

C. xiii — xviii.

Y G. 3. C. 60.

*7 G. 3.c. 75. 22 G. 0. c. 113. 44G, 3.c.xxxviii,

28 G. 3. tu 109-

13 G. 2. c. 9.

27 G. Q.c. 21. 26G. 3. c. 143.

43 G. 8. c.exl. 46 G. 3. c. xxxv. 48 G.3. c. ix.

49° GEO. in A.D. 1809.

Cap. xiii.

An Act for inclosing Land* in the Parishes of Boconock, Bruddock, and Saint lVinnow> in the County of Cornwall. (q.P.)

[24th March 1809.]

Cap. xiv.

An Act for more effectually repairing, improving, and keeping in Repair several Road3 in the Counties of Brecon, Radnor, and Glarmorgan, and for making and maintaining Two new-Branches of Road to communicate therewith, (a) [30th March 1809.]

Cap. xv.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His p^efent Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Carmarthen and Cardigan> so far as relates to the Llandovery District and for amending certain other Roads communicating the rewith, (c)

[28th April 1809.]

Cap. xvi.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts of Hn late and present Majesty, for repairing the Road between Hockliffe in the County of Bedford and Stony Stratford in the County of Buckingham* (r) [28th April 1809.]

Cap. xvii.

An Act to enable the Bristol Dock Company to borrow a further Sum of Money for completing the Improvements of the Port and Harbour of Bristol.

[28th April 1809.]

[ Company empowered to raise 100, 000 /. additional 3

Cap. xviii.

An Act for eflabiifhirrg and well-governing the Charitable Institution called The Society of Stewards and Suhfcrihers for maintaining and educating Poor Orphans of Clergymen until of Age to be put Apprentice; and for incorporating such Society; and for more effectually#enabling them to carry on their charitable and useful Designs.

[28th April 1809.]

WHEREAS in the Year One thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, a Charitable Society was formed for maintairing*and educating poor Orphans, of both Sexes, of Clergymen of the Church of England, until of Age to be put Apprentice; and the*said Society hath been supported by the voluntary Subscriptions and Donations of charitable and well-dispoftd Persons, and a very great*Number of such Orphans have been received into the respective Schools of the said Charity, and maintained and educated by means of the Funds belonging thereto; and such Orphans have been in- strufted in the Doctrines of the Christian Religion as taught by the established Church, and in Reacting, Writing and Arithmetic, and the Girls also in Needlework and Household Business, and trained in Habits of Industry and Regularity: And Whereas Ex* g perience hath shewn that thd said Charity hath been hitherto of«considerable Advantage to the Publick, and it is apprehended, that if countenanced and supported by the Laws of this Realm, and established upon a permanent Footing, and vetted with Powers for

better

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. xvlii. jf7J

better enabling the Subfcrrbers thereto to cany into Execution

their charitable and useful Designa, the said Chancy would be of much more extenllve Use, and of Hill greater Benefit and Advantage

to the Publick: And Whereas the Purposea aforesaid cannot be

effected without the Authority of Parliament May it therefore please Your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad* vice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembhd, and by the Authority of the

same. That from and afttr the passing of this Act, there be and shall Corporation

be a Corporation to continue for ever, for clothing, maintaining, and erected for

ed'uaating poor Orphans Of Clergymen until of Age to be put Ap- clothing, main-

prentice; and that His Royal Highness Frederick Duke of York wining awl

Knight of the Most Noble Order of the Garter, His Highness «^uc*tin6P0*

William Frederick Duke of Gloucester Knight of the; Most Noble clergy^.

Order of the Garter; the Most Reverend his Grace Charles Lord

Archbishop of Canterbury, the Right Honourable John Lord Eldon

Lord High Chancellor, the Honourable and Most Reverend his

Grace Edward Venables Lord Archishop of York> [&c. &c.J to*

gether with-any Person or Persons who hath or have paid, at one

Time, or in the Course of any one Year for the Use of the said

Society, the Snm of Twenty-one Pounds or more, or at any Time

hereafter shall pay into the Hands of the Treasurer of the said Society

for the Time beiBg the Sum of Twenty-one Pounds, or such other

Sum as the General Court herein-after mentioned of the said Society -

shall from Time to Time appoint or prescribe as a Life Governor's

Subscription, or more, at one Time, or in the Course of anyone Year*

for the Use of the said Society, provided the same be accepted by

the Committee herein-after mentioned for the time being of the said

Society, shall be and are hereby appointed Governors of the said

Society; and also every Person who hath paid, or at any Time here*

after shall pay into the Hands of such Treasurer the Yearly Sum

of One Guinea, or such other Sum as the said General Court shall

from Time to Time appoint or prescribe as an Annual Governor's

Subscription, or more, for the Use of the said Society, provided the

same be accepted by the fa»d Committee as aforesaid, shall, during such

Time as they shall respectively continue to pay the same, and also

every Person who shall be appointed by any General Court of the

Governors of the said Society, shall be respectively Governors of the

fa«d Society; and the said Governors, and the President, Vice-President,

Treasurer, and Secretary of the said Corporation for the Time being shall be and they are hereby declared and adjudged to be One Body Corporate and Politick in Deed and in Law, by the Name of ' The^ut»lon

Governors of the Society for clothing, maintaining, and educating

poor Orphans of Clergymen of the Established Church, in that Corporate.

4 Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain called England, until

4 of Age to be put Apprentice and that by the same Name they shall have perpetual Succession, and a Common Seal, with Power Common Seal, to change, alter, break, and make new the same, when and as often as they shall judge the same to be expedient 5 and that they and their Power to sue. Successors, by the same Name, may sue and be sued, implead and be impleacted, answer and be answered unto, in all or any Court or Courts of Record and Places of Judicature within this Kingdom; and tha>£ they and their Successors, by the Name aforesaid, fhjll be able

Power t» purchase, &c. Land.

President.

Vice-President.

Treasurer.

Seqrctary.

Committee.

General Court.

Annual

General Covit.

Election of Officers.

C. zviil; 49* GEO. I1L A.D' i5oJU

able and capable in Law to have, hold, receive, enjoy, poffcfa and retain, for the Ends and Purposes of this Act, and in Trustand for the Benefit of the said Society, all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been paid, given, devised, or bequeathed, or shall at any Time or Times hereafter be paid, given, devised or bequeathed by any charitable or Well-disposed Person or Persons, to and for the charitable Ends and Purposes id this Act mentioned; and that they and their Successors by the Name aforesaid, shall and may at any Time hereafter* without Licence in Mortmain, purchase, take or receive, hold and enjoy any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Estate or Interest arising or derived out of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments for the Purposes of the said Charity.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Beilby Lord Bishop of London shall be and he is hereby appointed President of the said Corporation; and that the said Clement Samuel Strong Esquire shall be and he is hereby appointed the Vice-Presidcnkof the said Corporation; and that the said James; Bush Esquire shall be and he is hereby appointed Treasurer of the said Corporation; and that the said Reverend Edward Embry shall be and he is hereby appointed Secretary of the said Corporation; and that the Most Reverend his Grace Charles Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, [&c. &c.]| together with the President, Vice*President, Treasurer, and Secretary of the said Corporation for the Time being, shall be and they are hereby appointed a Committee for transacting and managing the Affairs of the said Corporation, any Five of whom shall be a Quorum; and the said President, Vice-President, Treasurer, Secretary, and Committee, shall continue until the last Tuesday in the Month of February One thou.-sand eight hundred and Ten and no longer, uolefs they shall berespectively re- elected to the said respective Offices; and the said President, or in his Absence the Vice-President, or the Treasurer or the Secretary, with any Seven or more of the other Members of the said Corporation, shall compose a General Court, and the first General Court shall be holden on the last Tuesday in the Montn of May next, at such House or Place as the said Committee shall appoint; and a General Court of the Members of the said Corpoiation shall be holden Four Times at the least in every Year; that is to say, in the Months of February, May, August, and November in every Year, and Notice of each such General Courts shall be given in one or more of the publick Newspapers published in the Cities of London and Westminster Six Days at the least before the Time so to be appointed for the holding of every such Court; and whenever Occasion shall require, a special General Court shall be holden by Order of the Committee, or the major Part of them present at any of their Monthly or other Meetings, upon the like Notice of such Special General Court being given Six Days at the least before the Time so to be appointed for the holding of the same; and at the General Court which shall be holden in the Month of February in each and every Year, a President, Vice-President, Treasurer, Secretary, and Committee (confiding of Twenty of the Governors of the said Corporation) shall be elected for the ensuing Year; and the President, Vice-President, Treasurer, and Secretary of the said Corporation for the Time being, shall be Members of the said Committee, over and above such Twenty Governors so to be elected; and they the said President, Vice-President, Treasurer, and Secretary, or one of them, shall be present at every

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III C.xriih

Committee acting under and by virtue of the Authority of this Act i and the Governors of the said Corporation assembled at any General Court as aforesaid, or the major Part of them so assembled, such Number of Governors so to be assembled being not less than Seven ef such Governors shall and may delegate such Powers and Authority to the said Committee as they shall think necessary for the more speedy, easy, and effectual Execution of this Act; and that such Governor* shall have full Power and Authority in the Name of the said Cor* po rati on, and on their Account to apply and dispose of the Monies and Fund9 already given, and which shall from Time to Time be contributed and given by any Person or Persons on account of the said Corporation, and ail other Monies and Funds belonging or to belong to the said Corporation, to and for the Purposes aforesaid, and to, for, and on any other Purpose, Way, Matter or Thing relating to the said Corporation, and for the Benefit thereof, at their Discretion, and with and under their Common Seal, to enter into any Covenants and Contracts for the Purposes aforesaid, or for any other Purpose or Purposes for the better effecting and carrying on of the charitable Uses and Designs aforesaid, and to do, manage, transact, and determine all such other Matters and Things as shall to them or any Seven or morel of them at any such Court, appear to be necessary, convenient, or proper for the effecting and carrying on of the good Purposes aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for the Governors of the said Corporation in a General Court assembled, or the major Part of them so assembled, but not less than Seven such Governors, to ordernd dispose of the Custody of the said Common Seal, and the Use and Application thereof, and to make, ordain, and constitute such and so many Bye Laws, Constitutions, and Ordinances as to them, or the greatest Number of them then and there present, such Number of Governors so to be assembled being not less than Seven such Governors, shall seem nectssary and convenient, touching or in any wise concerning the Affairs and Business, and the better governing, regulating, ordering and managing of the said Corporation, and of the Officers, Servants, and Persons employed in and about the Affairs thereof, and of the Persons applying to be admitted therein, and for the auditing of the Accounts of the said Corporation; and the same Bye-Laws, Constitutions and Ordinances so made to put in use and enforce accordingly; and at their Will and Pieafure from Time to Time to reyoke, change, and alter the same, or any Part of them; which said Bye-Laws, Constitutions, and Ordinances, which shall be so made* changed and altered, as aforesaid, shall be duly kept and observed, provided that the same be not contrary or repugnant to the Statutes, Custom?, or Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom called England: Provided nevertheless, that no such Bye-Law, Conilitution, or Ordinance shall be binding or have any Force or Effect until the same shall have been agreed to and confirmed by the next succeeding General Court, whether Quarterly or Extraordinary; and that the same Course shall be observed in altering or repealing any such Bye-Laws* Constitutions, or Ordinances.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons in whose Name or Names any Sum or Sums of Money, Stocks, Funds, Annuities, Mortgages, Securities for Money or other Effects whatsoever shall at the Time of passing this Act stan.l or be ft cured, the beneficial Interest wherein resps&ively shall belong t > the said

Society

hi

Power of Committee te meet.

Power for General Court to contract, §tc.r

Bye-Laws.

Power to alter Bye Laws.

Present Troftees shall transfer their Fuuds to»the Corporation.

S7#

C. xviii.

49° GEO. III.

A.D. 1809.

Iteafurcr shall

Society hereby incorporated, shall forthwith, after the pading of this Act, transfer and assign the same refoeftively so and in such Manner as that the same shall be veiled in the Corporation by the Name, Style, and Title herein-before mentioned and enacted; and that the Treasurer

Pbwer to Committee and Treasurer to fcvefL

aeceive, &e. fc»r the Time being shall receive all Rents, Issues and Profits, Dividends, > j^Interest and Produce of Stocks, Funds, Annuities, Mortgages and other Securities for Money, belonging to the said Corporation, and all Subscriptions, Donations, Benefaftions and Legacies paid, given, or bequeathed thereto, as the same or any of them shall from Time to Time become due and payable, in the Name and for and on behalf of the said Corporation; and that the Receipt of the said Treasurer for the Time being, the same being first duly stamped and given by him as for and in the Name of the said Corporation, shall be a sufficient Discharge for the same respectiv ely.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Treasurer for the Time being of the said Corporation, and he is hereby authorized and required from Time to Time, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Committee thereof for the Time being, or the major Part of such Committee present at any of their Meetings, to lay out and invest ali or any such Sum or Snms of Money as have or hath been given, deviled or bequeathed, or shall at any Time or Times hereafter be paid, given, devised or bequeathed by any charitable or well-dispofi d Person or Persons, to and for the charitable Ends, Intents, and Purposes in this Act mentioned, or any Part thereof, in any of the Publick Funds, in the Name of the said Corporation, other than and except such and so much thereof as shall be requisite for immediate Exigencies and Expenditures.

V. And be it further enacted and delared, That the Rents, Issues and Profits, Dividends, Interest and Annual Proceeds, which shall from^Tijne to Time arise from the Funds and Securities belonging or which shall at any Time belong to the said Corporation, shall from Time to Time be applied to and for the Uses, Ends, Intents, and Purposes in this Act mentioned, and to or for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case of the Death or Resignation of the President or of the Vice-President, or Treasurer or Secretary of the said Corporation, for the Time being, it shall be lawful for the Governors of the said Corporation, at any General Court, or the major Part of them then and there present, such General Court to consist of not less than Seven such Governors, t<J nominate and appoint a President, Vice-President, Treasurer, or Secretary, in the Room of the President, Vice-President, Treasurer or Secretary, so deceased or having resigned.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Questions upon the Proceedings of the said Corporation at any General Court or Committee shall be decided by Vote; and in case of an Equality of Voices, the President or Chairman shall have, in addition to his own Vote, the casting Vote.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Governors of the said Corporation at a General Court, or the major Part of them present at such General Court, but such General Court to confiil of not less than Seven such Governors, shall have Power from Time to Time and at all Times to fill up any Vacancy or Vacancies in the Committee; and it shall and may be lawiul to and for the said Committee, fotobe

appointed.

Application of die Dividend, Xce.

Death or Removal of Officers to appoint others.

Questlons to be decided Vy

Vote.

Vacancies in Conyniuee.

Schoolmate; tad Miflrefe, and Menial

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. xvlii. 57?

appointed, or any Five or more of them, at any Monthly or other Meeting, from Time to Time and all Times to appoint such Person or Persons as they shall think fit to be Schoolmaster and Schoolmistress, and Menial Servants to the said Corporation, and from Time to Time to suspend or remove them resptdtively, and appoint others in case of Death or such Suspension or Removal; and may out of the Monies to be received under and by virtue of and for the Purpose3 of this Act, make such Allowances to all Officers, Servants, and other Persons so to be appointed as to them shall appear reasonable and proper; and all and every such Officers, Matter and Mittress, Servants, and other Persons of every Defcripkon, shall from Time to Time (when thereunto required by the said Committee or any Five or more of them) Officers and make and render to the said Committee or any Five or more of them, Servants(haK a true, exact, and perfect Account in Writing under their respective aCC0lliat*

Hand*, of all Furniture, Goods, and Chattels belonging to the said Corporation, which shall from Time toTime be in their Use or Custody, and of all Monies which he, she, or they and every of them respectively shall to that Time have received, paid, and disbursed by virtue of this Act, or by reason of their respective Offices and Services; and in case any Money so received shall remain in their or any of their Hands, the same shall be paid to the said Committee or any Five or more of them, or^to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same; and in case any such Officer or other Person shall Power to npt make and render, or shall refuse to verify any such Accounts, or JuAu*5810 to make any such Payment as aforesaid, and to deliver up all Good9,

Books, Papers, and other Things in his or her Care or Custody, then* any Two or more Justices of the Peace for such County as any One of the Schools of the said Corporation shall for the Time being be situated in, shall and may, upon Complaint to them, make Enquiry of and concerning such Default in a summaryWay (as well by Confession of the Parties ttiemselves as by the Testimony of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath or Affirmation, which Oath or Affirmation the said Justices are hereby empowered and required td administer), and such Justices shall be empowered, if they shall judge fit* to commit the Party or Parties so offending as aforesaid to the Common Gaol of such County as the said School shall for the Time being be situated in, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until, he,

(he or they shall have made a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he, (he or they shall have compounded and agreed with the said Committee or any Five or more of them, and have paid such Composition Money, which Composition the said Committee or any Five or more of them are hereby empowered to make t Provided always, that no Person or Persons, who shall be committed as aforesaid, shall be detained in Prison for a longer Space of Time than Si* Calendar Months.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That at the Appointment of General Annual Court to be holden in every Year, by virtue of this Auditon. Act, the Governors of the said Corporation then present shall tied and appoint Twenty-two of the Governors of the said Corporation, not being Members of the Committee for the Time being, to be Auditors of the Accounts of the said Corporation, and that such Auditors or any Five or more of them shall at least One Week previous to the General Annual Court to be holden by virtue of this Act, or oftener.49° GEO. III. Pp if

SP*.

Treasurer shall ]>ay all Monies 1 the succeeding Treasurer, &c.

False

(^eruEcalw.

Limitation of Actions.

12 Months.

Treble C^Af.

Publick Act.

C. xviil. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809#

if they shall fee Occasion, meet and audit, examine and pass the Accounts and Vouchers of the Treasurer for the Time being; at which Meeting of Auditors to the said Corporation, the President, the Vice-President, the Treasurer, and the Secretary, for the Time being, any or either of them, shall have Liberty to be present.

X, Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Treasurer to the said Corporation for the Time being shall pay over all the Monies remaining in his Hands, and transfer all or any Funds which may at any Time be {landing in his Name as Treasurer as aforesaid, to the Treasurer immediately succeeding him, on Demand by such succeeding Treasurer, with the Authority of the said Committee or any Five or more of them, or of the General Court at which such succeeding Treasurer shall be elected or appointed, and shall deliver over to such succeeding Treasurer all Books of Account, Muriments, Deeds, Vouchers, Securities, and Papers belonging to the said Corporation.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Statement or Matter contained in any Certificate or Declaration, which the Committee of the said Corporation for the Time being, or any Five or more of them present at any of their Monthly of other Meetings, shall or may be required to be made and subscribed, previous to and for the Purpose of the Ad million of any Orphan into any School of the said Corporation, according to the Rules of the said Corporation, shall be found to be false or untrue, that then the Admission of every Orphan under such false Certificate or Declaration shall be and is hereby declared to be void, and the Orphan so admitted shall be returned to his or her Mother or Friends, unless the Governors of the said Corporation at any General Court shall think fit to continue the said Orphan or Orphans in the said Charity.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action shall be brought or Suit commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or in relation to the Premises or any of them, every such Action or Suit shall be laid or brought within Twelve Calendar Months next after the Fad shall be committed, and shall be laid or brought in the County of Middlesex or the City of London and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had there-upon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be brought within the Time before limited, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuacce of his, her, or their Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs in other Cases by Law.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by ail Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap.

A.D. 1809.

C. xlx, xx*

579

49° GEO. III.

Cap. xix.

An Act For enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His 14p'2' c'19, late and present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Wakefield to^r* ?* 5t*

Halifax, in the Weil Riding of the County of York. (a)

[28th April 1809.]

Cap. xx.

An Act to alter and amend an Act of the Parliament of IrelandpafTed in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act respe3itig the Collection of publick Money to be levied in the County of the City ©/'Dublin by Preferment \ and for the better Regulation of the Mode of E'cdion and Office of Treasurer of the publick Money of the City of Dublin.

[28th April 1809.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of the

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act respecting Act)

the Collection of Publick Money to be levied in the County of the City applied to thi#

of Dublin by Presentment: And Whereas certain Powers and Autho- Ad.

rities were given to the Grand Juries for the County of the City of

Dublin for making Preferments of Money for publick Services, and for regulating their several Offices: And Whereas the Provisions of the said recited Act have been found insufficient for the Purposes

thereby intended, and it is necessary that the same should be altered*

enlarged and amended, and further and better Provision made for those Purposes: May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may

be enacted/ and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, and all and every the Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things therein contained, save and except such Parts thereof as are altered, varied, or repealed,) shall be, and the same is and are hereby declared to be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying this Act into Execution, as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

" Acts of the Treasurer of the County of the City of Dublin, elected " under Irish Ad 13 & 14 G. 3. c. 18. declared valid, and his Election " confirmed. § 2.

III. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Treasurership Eie&ionsf a of the said County of the City of Dublin shall be vacant either by Treasurer u* the Death, Resignation, or Removal, or Dismission of the present fcuure. or any future Treasurer, the Lord Mayor of the said City for the Time being shall, within Twenty-one Days after such Vacancy, convene the Board of Magistrates of the County of the said City of Dublin, to meet at the Sessions Court in the said City between the Hours of Twelve irr the Forenoon and Two in the Afternoon, and then and there, by the Majority of Votes of such Magistrates as shall be present, (notwithstanding any Want of Qualification mentioned in the said recited Act made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty,) shall proceed to elect a fit and sufficient Person to be Treasurer of the said City of Dublin; and at such Meeting the said Lord Mayor, or in his Absence the senior Magistrate present, shall preside as Chairman, and shall take the Votes of the other Magistrates, and shall not himself give his Vote except in

Pp 2 case

Tr eafurtT ftitH «ater into Recognizance with Surelie*.

' i

Ek&ion>of IWftfrer fha.ll be void/iunlefs Sureties make the Affidavit required.

case of Equality of Voices: Provided always, that no Magistrate shall be allowed to vote in aDy such Election who shall be a Candidate for such Treasurership: And provided always, that no Person who shall at any Time hereafter be elected Treasurer of the County of the said City of Dublin shall be capable of serving in the said Office, unless he shall, immediately after his Election, in open Court, enter into a Recognisance, before the Chairman of the Meeting at which he shall have been so elected Treasurer, and any other Magistrate present at such Election, (which Recognizance such Chairman and Magistrate shall, and they are hereby empowered and required to take,) in the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, and shall procure Two or more sufficient Securities at the same Time, to enter into a Recognizance each in a Sum equal to One Half of the Sum in which such Treasurer shall bind himself; the Condition of which Recognizance shall be, " that such Treasurer shall justly and truly account in Manner and Form, and at the Times by this Act or the said recited Act of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty required, or to be required by any Law in force and effect, and that he shall at all Times justly and truly pay and account for all Money which he shall have received aat Treasurer, and that he shall duly and faithfully discharge the Duties of his said Office in every Respect; and that he, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, shall and will, upon his Death, Removal, Dismissal, or Resignation, deliver to his Sucoessor such Balance of Money as shall appear to be in his Hands, or shall be due by him, and all Books, Papers, Affidavits, and Accounts deposited with him, or kept by him as Treasurer of the County of the said City of Dublin

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case each of such Securities at the Foot of such Recognizance shall not prove to the Satisfaction of such Chairman and Magistrate, and make Affidavit thereof before such Chairman and Magistrate, (who are hereby empowered to take the same,) that he is really and bondJidc worth the Sum mentioned in his said Recognizance, over and above all his just Debts, and exclusive of any Property of which he is Tenant for Life only, then, and in every such Case, such Election shall be null and void, and the Magistrates for the County of the said City of Dublin shall on the next Day, and at the same Place, and between the same Hours, proceed in like Manner to elect a proper and sufficient Person to be Treasurer, and in case at any Meeting for the Election of a Treasurer, no* sufficient Person flipuld offer himself to be chosen, or in case the Person so chosen should not comply and perform all and singular the Requisites herein directed, to be performed on the Part of such Person, then the said Magistrates shall attend on the Monday next ensuing the Time hereby directed for holding such Election, and in case no Treasurer shall be chosen at such Assembly, then on the Monday following, andfo on upon every successive Monday until a Treasurer shall be eieded, who shall be capable of fervipg in the said Office, and perform the Requisites aforesaid; and every Re*, cognizance taken as aforesaid shall be delivered by the Chairman to the Clerk of the Peace, who is required to attend every such Assemblyi, and such Recognizance shall be by him deposited and duly entered in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, as.foooo after as he conveniently can enter the same: And in order the more effectually to oblige every Treasurer, during his Continuance in Office, to keep up a gqqd and, sufficient. Security, be it further caa&ed by the Authority aforesaid, v

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. xx.

That the Judges of the Court of King's Bench shall and may, if re<-quired by the Grand Jury, or if the said Court shall otherwise find sufficient Cause, examine the Treasurer, or any other Person or Persons in open Court upon Oath, touching the Exigence and Property of hia Sureties, or touching any Act relative to his said Office of Treasurer, and if the said Court shall find any Reason to apprehend that cither or both of his Sureties are dead or insufficient, then, and in every such Case, the said Court shall and is hereby required to cause such Treasurer to procure another Surety or Sureties in his or their Room, and if such Treasurer shall refuse to be examined, or to answejr upon Oath, or ro procure another Surety or Sureties, who shall enter into Recognizance, and make the Affidavit by this Act required, or on any other sufficient Cause appearing to the said Court, then, and in any of the Cases aforesaid, the said Court shall, and is hereby required to dismiss the said Treasurer from his Office, and to cause such Dismission to be entered in the Crown Book, and likewise in the Book of E itry of the Treifurer's Accounts, to be kept by the Clerk of the Crown; and another Treasurer shall thereupon be elected by the Magistrates of the said County of the City of Dublin in Manner aforesaid, and such Treasurer shall be subject to the like Rules, Regulations. Penalties, and Forfeitures, as the Treasurer in whose Room or Stead he shall be so elested, and so toties quoties whenever such Office or Treasurt-r for the County of the said Cuy of Dublin shall become va cant.

Persons shall be reimbursed Monies expended by them in executing any Presentment before the Bankruptcy of the late Treasurer. § j. 44 Every Presentment before the late Treasurer stopt Payment, and not in Execution, shall be (truck out of the Quere Book. § 6.

VII. And Whereas it is necessary to commence Suits for the Recovery of the Publick Money in the Name or Names of the Treasurer or Collectors of the said City, or in the Names of other PersonsBe it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any such Suit or Suits, Action or Actions shall have been commenced, or shall hereafter be commenced, prosecuted, or defended by the Order and Directions of any Grand Jury for the County of the said City of Dublin, under the Powers in this or any Law or Statute io Force or Effect, it shall and may be lawful for the several Grand Juries of the said County of the said City, at Easter or Michaelmas Term, to present such Costs as shall be awarded against them, or any, or either of them, in whose Name or Names any such Suit or Suits* ACfion or Actions shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended, and their and each of their resptCtive Goods, Chattels, Lands, Tenements* and Hereditaments shall not be liable thereto, but they and each of them shall for ever be freed, exonerated and discharged from the same* and that it shall not be lawful for them, or any of them, his or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to discontinue, release* or bar any Action or Suit so commenced, or hereafter to be commenced in their or his Name or Names for the Purposes aforesaid, without the Concurrence, Order, and Direction of the said Grand Juries.

VIII. And Whereas the Sums now by Law presented for the*Treasurer of the publick Money, and Secretary to the Grand Juries* 4 are very inadequate to the Duties of the said Officers f Be it therefore

The Judges of

the Court of King's Bench shall examine Treasurer ( concerning hi« Accounts,

Grand Jurie# empowered to present Costs of Actions prosecuted by thek Orders.

582

Grand Juries empowered to present Allowances for Treasurer and Secretary.

Town Clerk shall lodge Recognizance* of Colleft or s in the Prothonotor's Office.

Churchwarden* shall re-applot Arrears ol former V7aiTan<s, and attend the Term Grand Juries upon Notice, &c.

Collectors shall pay Monies cohered by

C. xx. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Juries of the said City of Dublin at each Easter and Michaelmas Term to present any Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds for the Treasurer, and any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Seventy five Pounds for the Secretary, which Sums shall be in lieu of the Sums heretofore presented under the Authority of the said recited Act made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty for the Treasurer and Secretary.

IX. And Whereas it would tend to facilitate the Recovery from

the Collectors and their Securities of the Publick Money received by such Collectors, and unaccounted for by them, if the Recogni-

zances which are entered into by them and lodged in the Town Clerk's Office of the said City, were returned into His Majesty's 4 Court of King's Bench, by a more summary Mode than that at present used Be it therefore enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever it may be found necessary to sue upon any such Recognizance, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Town Clerk of the said City, and he is hereby required, upon Notice given to him for that Purpose by the Secretary of the Term Grand Jury for the Time being, forthwith to lodge such Recognizance or Recognizances in the Office of the Prothonotor in His Majesty's Court of King's Bench, who is hereby directed to receive and keep the same amongst the Records of the said Court, and it shall not be necessary to issue any Certiorari or other Writ for the Purpose of removing such Recognizances, and that immediately upon such Removal the said Secretary of the Grand Jury shall proceed to sue thtreon, as if the same had been duly retained by virtue of any Certiorari or other Writ whatsoever,

X. And Whereas a great Difficulty has arisen in providing for the Publick Creditors, by reason of the respective Churchwardens refusing to re-applot the insolvent uncoile&ed Arrears of former Warrants; ' Be it therefore enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That it /hail and may be lawful for the several Churchwardens in the refb-'ftive Parishes in the County of the said City of Dublin, and they are hereby required to re-applot such insolvent uncollected Ariears of former Warrants, and also to attend the respective Term Grand Juries upon receiving Twenty-four Hours' Notice in Writing, to be delivered to him or them, or left at his or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, io to do, in order to be examined by such respective Grand Juries, touching the applotting of the Publick Money, and that in default of their not so re-applotting or attending the said respective Grand Juries when so required, upon Affidavit thereof it shall and may be lawful for the Court of King's Bench, upon Application of the said respective Grand Juries, to tine every such Churchwarden so offending in any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, such Fine to be recovered by Warrant of Distrefe, ligned by any Judge of the said Court of King's Bench, and by Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Churchwarden or Churchwardens, and such Fine, when recovered, shall go to, and be applied by the Governors of the Hospital and Free School of King Charles the Second, in Oxniantown Green, commonly called the Blue Coat Hospital.

XI. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Collectors preleated and appointed by the respective

Grand

A.D. 18c9« 49° GEO. III. C.xt: 585

Grand Juries, to collcdl the Ptiblick Money of the County of the them weekly

laid City of Dublin, shall on Saturday in each and every Week between frc*surer*

the Hours of Ten in the Forenoon, and Two in the Afternoon, pay

to the Treasurer of the Publick Money such Sum as each and every of

them shall have collected during the fiid Week, taking a Receipt in

Writing for the same, which the Treasurer of the Publick Money is

hereby required to give to each such Collector, for such Sums as he

shall so pay in; and that on or before the Monday next following, the

Treasurer of the Pub'ick M uiey shall pay into the Bank of Ireland\

to the Credit of the County of the faitl City of Dub(in, all such

Sums as he shall have received from the several Collectors during the

preceding Week, taking a Receipt in Writing for the same, which

the proper Officer of the said Bank is hereby required to give; and

each and every such Collector shall on each Saturday make Oath before

the Lord Mayor, or any Justice of the Peace of the said City of

Dublin, (which Oath they are hereby authorised to administer,) that

the Monies so paid by him to the Treasurer of the Publick Money*

were the full Amount of the Monies received by him during that

Week, and in case any Collector shall omit or refuse to comply

herewith, and to pay in the Money as diredLd by this Act, then and

in every such Case he or his Securities shall for every such Offence

forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered in a sum-

mary Way on Complaint to the Court of King's Bench, and levied

by Warrant of Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such

Collector as aforesaid, and go to and be applied to the Use of the

Blue-Coat Hospital, as herein*before mentioned, and every fuel*

Collector so offending shall also be removed from his said Office of Collector.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Treasurer on the the said Treasurer of the Publick Money shall on the first fitting Day Jjf1*

of each Term, make Oath before one of the Judges of the Court of m

King's B-nch, that he did on or before the Monday pay into the Bank payments into of Ireland the several Sums which he received each Week from the said the Bank, several Collectors as directed by this Act.

XIII. And Whereas it would tend much to the Regularity of.

the Publick Acounts if the Drafts on the Bank of Ireland should

be made payable to Order, instead of being made payable to Bearer, '>

in Manner directed by an Act made in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for improving and

4. rendering more commodious such Part of the County and County of the City of Dublin as is situate on the South Side of the River Anna Liffey,

and IVefl of His Majesty's Castle of Dublin, and for the Appointment of an Inspector of the Presentments and other Accounts of the County of the City of Dublin; Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Form of the Drafts as directed by the said recited.Form of Drafts Act of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, under recited \A and also by the said recited Act made in the Forty-seventh Year of.33^c*? the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be altered, and inftea^ thereof)^"^ 2 the Inspector of Publick Accounts shall, on the la.it Day of each >c i^jv. altered. Term, as directed by the said recited Act of the Forty-seventh Year >and made

of the Reign of His present Majesty, produce to the Grand Jury- toOrdt*.

engraven Drafts in the Form following, payable to the Persons who

swore to the Expenditure of the Money, and whole Accounts were

P p 4 allowed,

Font

C. xx.

49

GEO. III.

A.D. 1809.

Grand Jury may present Sums for Medicine, &c. irfed in the

Frifew.

Apothecary's Account may be laid before Directors of Apothecaries' Mill.

G and Jury shall present C >mpeiifation to Apothecary,

Grand Jpries

ft all prefafet Monies for laquests of Coroners.

allowed, or to whom Money was presented to be paid, and which was allowed by the Court:

To the Governors and Company of the Bank of Ireland, j u Pay to or Order, the Sum of

" which place to the Account of the County of the City of Dublin. " — . — Foreman of Term, 180

--- -- Infpc&or of City Accounts.

u ----- --Treasurer P. M. County City of Dublin

#ny Thing in the said recited Acts or either of them to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. '

XIV. 'And Whereas the Sum which the Grand Jury of the

County of the City of of Dublin is now enabled to present for Medi-

cine and Necessaries for the different Prisons in the said City, is found

to be totally inadequate to provide for same Be it therefore enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the Grand Jury of the County of the City of Dublin shall and may present such Sum or Sums of Money for Medicine and Necessaries as shall be ordered by the Physician and Surgeon attending such Prisons, and which the Apothecary to the said Prisons shall make appear by his Affidavit, in which Affidavit the said Apothecary shall swear that he had faithfully and honestly expended, and that such Medicines and( Necessaries were of the best Quality, and were the usual Charges at which Medicines and Necessaries of the same Quality were charged within the said City, and that the same were ordered by the Physician attending such Prison before they were supplied: Provided nevertheless that the Sums presented for such Medicines and Necessaries shall not in any Year exceed the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

XV. And for the better Protection of the Publick against Im-

pofirion in the Charges made by the said Apothecary for such

Medicines; Be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Grand Juries for the County of the said City of Dublin may, when they think fit, or the Court of King's Bench, if the same shall appear to them proper, orler such Account to be laid before the Governor and Directors of Apothecaries' Hal!, to be taxed by the said Governor and Directors, which they are hereby authorize#5 and required to do; ard that the said Grand Jury shall have Power to present for the Exptnce incurred by such Examination.

XVI. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Apothecary fknll bring forward at each presenting Term Two separate and diltindk Presentments, one for Medicine and the other for Necessaries, dating the d'fferent Articles comprized under the latter Head; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Grand Jury at each presenting Term after the passing of this Act, to present the Sum of Ten Pounds to be paid to the said Apothecary, as a Corr.pensation for his Trouble in providing the said Necessaries for the said Prison, and advancing his own Money for that Purpose.

XVII. And Whereas the Coroners of the County of the fa; d City

of Dublin are often obliged to bold Inquests in Gaols and Prisons,

and on the Banks of the River, and the Fees thereon are found to be 4 a heavy Tax on the Parishes where such Gaols and Prisons are,

and where the said River runs Be it therefore enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act it' (Kail and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of the County of the

6 said

J

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. jC. xx;

said City at the Court of King's Bench, to present such $ums of Money as they shall think nectssary for all Inquest held.in the said City, not exceeding the Sum of Thirteen Shillings and Four-pence Sterling, for each, to be raiftd on the Cay at lrrge, and pay the same to the Coroner or Coroners of the County of the said Citvaff Dublin, for each and every Inquisition du'y taken by such CoroH.r &r Coronera upon View of the Body lying within the County of the £iid City, as a Recompence for Ins or their Labour, Pains, and Charges in taking such Inquisition; and all such Sum or Sums of Money so presented to and received byjj such Coroner or Coroners shall be f!aken and accepted by him and\bem in lieu of all Fees or Sums of; Money which he or they shall haveVbeen accustomed to receive or demand as afore-fai d. <4

XVIII. And be it\further enabled, by the Authority aforesaid, Notice of Goo4 That if any Collector, deputy Collector, Con liable, /or other Person taky mlMflrA, empowered to collect the w^biick Money under the Jtaid recited Act be rafted upw made in the Thirty-third Yf\r of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, or either of them, shall take any Difyrefs upon the Premises of any Person refusing to pay his or her' Proportion of the Publick Cess, such Collector, Dtmuty Collector, (fconstable, or Person empowered to collect, taking such Didress, fhhll pod a Notice in Writing by him signed, on the ufaal Place of Notices being posted in s the Parish where such Didrefs wadtaken, setting forth, that upon the Seventh Day following he will felL such Didrete by publick Cant at that Place; and it shall be lawful for such IPerson who took such Didrefs there to fell it to the bed Bidder, ind after deduding the Amount of the Cess, and One Shilling an4 One Penny in the Pound for his Trouble in making such l}iftrtf*/and One Shilling and One Penny per Night for the Charges of Leaping such Didress, in case a Horse, or any other Bead shall be dufrained, he shall return the Overplus (if any) to the Person tror*' whom such Didrefs was taken, and in case any Person or Persons shall, at any Time hereafter, bring or cause to be brought any Replevin or Replevins, or any other Action at Law, whereby to prevent or obdrud the levying of all or any Part oP the Publick Money under the said recited Act made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and of this Act or either of them, then, and in every such Case, the Collector or Coliedors, or his or their Sureties, Constable or Condables, who shall didrain for the same, shall be enabled to avow, acknowledge, judify, and defend such Tak'ng, by pleacting, avowing, or making Conr.ufance generally, that he took the Goods and Chattels in the Plaintiff's Declaration mentioned, by virtue of such Ad or of this Act, as the Case may be, for the Cess for which such Didrefs shall be made due and payable, and in Arrear, out of the Premises whereon such Didrefs shall be made, which Cess was then and dill remains due, without further setting forth any Proceedings had under such Ad or this Act, or setting forth specially the Warrant or Authority of such Collector, or his Surety, or of such Condable or other Person so acting under such Ad or this Act; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Replevin, or the Person or Persons bringing or causing to be brought such Replevin shall be non-suited, or a Verdict shall be found, or Judgment on Demurrer shall pass against him, her, or them, that then and in that Case he, she, or they, shall pay Treble Costs.

" CoU

See former Act, 7 G. 9. c. 37.

25 G. 3. C. 28. MG. 3. C. 113.7G. 3. c. 51,

91 G.3. c. 87*

IWty tin Per-Ions damaging or ohft fueling die Railway or Works, f csony, &c.

49° GEO. III.

A.D. 1809.

may be presented by Grand Jury. § 19. Publick

Cap.

xxi.

An A difar apd unii the A new Chm the Pari Revenues d Stipends, said City.

Cap. xxii.

An Act for ex\ling and amending first Year of ^iis present Majesty, foi^ Support of the^oor of the Parish of County PalatinAof Durhqgi, and directed to be in\pfed.

extending the Royalty of the City of Edinburgh; for jg Part of the Parish of Saint Cuthbert's from the said Parish, it to the Parish of Saint Andrew; for further regulating ient for the Poor in the said Pariftesj for erecting Two !bes j for discontinuing certain Chlrches, and annexing thereof to other Parishes; for ftmher regulating the the said City applicable to the P/yment of Ministers* for draining the Meadow omthc South Side of the

[28th April 1809.]

passed in the Thirty, better Maintenance and finder land near the Sea, in the increasing the Rates therein [28th April 1809.3

Cap. "

An Act for making |frnd maintaining a Railway or Tram Road from the River Severn atkhe Quay in me City of GlouceJery to or near to a certain Gate in cakear the Town of Cheltenham in the County of Gloucester, called TL\\ Knapp Toif Gate, with a collateral Branch to the Top of Leckham^on Hill, in* the Parish of Leckhamptony in the said County.

[28th April 1809.]

11 The Gloucester and Cheltl. ham BjHway Company incorporated. § i.

LXXVI. And be it further aufcCujd, That if any Person or Pcrfoos shall wilfully, maliciously, and to th& Prejudice of the said Undertaking, break, throw down, damage, deftro; '. Ileal, or take away any Part of the said Railway or Tram road or Collateral Branch, or other Works to be erected and made by virtue of this Act, or do any other wilful Hurt or Mischief to obllrust, hinder, or prevent the carrying on, corty. pleting, supporting and maintaining the same, every Person so offending and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject and liable to the like Pain9 and Penalties as in Cases of Felony 5 and the Court by and before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws or Statutes of this Realm, or in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Courts may, if they think 6t, award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny, or otherwise every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted on the Oath of One credible Witness, before Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Gloucester, shall forfeit any Sum not less than Double the Value of the Damage proved on Oath to be done, at the Discretion of such Justices, such Penalty, together with reasonable Cods, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offenders, rendering the Overplus (if any) to such Offender or such Offender shall and may be committed to the Common Gaol for the said County of Gloucester, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted; provided that nothing herein contained shall extend

to

A.D. 1809. 490 GEO, Jit. C. xxui — ixviiir

to any Owner of Land, or his or her known Agent or Agents, till Satisfaction shall have been tendered as herein provided.

Cap. xxiv.

An Act for the further Improvement of the Harbour of Carnaryo in the County of Carnarvon, and for other Purposes relating thereto.' [aSth April 1809 ]

[Former Duties repealed, and new Duties granted."]

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who shall at any Time or Times hereafter wilfully or designedly demolisti, break down, or destroy any of the said Wet or Dry Docks, Piers, Quays, Wharfs, Warehouses, Build* ings, Erections, or any of them, or any of the Works which shall be constructed under this Act, or which shall belong to the said Harbour, or shall wilfully or designedly extinguish or put out any of the Lights used in or belonging to the said Harbour for the Safety or Protection of the Ships or other Vessels resorting to the same, shall be deemed guilty of Felony; and the Court by and before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be transported for the Term of Seven Years, or in Mitigation of Punishment may award Sentence of Fine or Imprisonment, at the Discretion of the Judge or Judges before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be tried and eonvifted.

Cap. xxv.

An Act for better supplying the Inhabitants of the Town of Rod-» dale and the Neighbourhood thereof with Water.

[28th April 1809.]

[The Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale Water Works incorporated.3

Cap. xxvi.

An Act to continue and amend Two Acts for repairing and widening the Road from the present Turnpike Road at Haverhill to RedcroJs in the Parish of Shelford in the County of Cambridge, (r)

[[28th April 1809.]

Cap. xxvii.

An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein described, so far as the same relate to the Road from the Turnpike Road between the Town and County of Poole and Wimbome Minster in the County of Dorset, to the Turnpike Road between Blandford Forum and Dorchester in the County of Dorset. (0)

[28th April 1809.]

Cap. xxviii.

An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Kipping's Cross to Lamberhurst Pound and Pullen's Hilly in the County of Kent, and to Flimwell Vent in the County of Sussex, and certain other Roads in the said Acts described. (c) [28th April 1809.]

Cap I

j*T

See former S3 G. 3. c, 133.

Penalty of Pel* fons destroying the Werks, &c* Feloiy, fcc.

6 G. 3. c. 34;

13 6.3. c.11*;

7G.3. c.8*;

17 G. 3* C. 86.

2 G. 3. c. 67. 27 G. 3. 0.80V

Termer A&$,

36 Q. 2. e. 90.

37 G. 2. c. 27.1 14 G. 3. C. 102. 33 G. 3. e. 174. all repealed

Former Acts,

36 G. 2. c. 91. 12 G. 3. c. 83.

36 G. 3. c. 134. all repealed.

4#G. 3. c xxriii.

A G. 2. C. S. 6G. 3. c. 58.

36 G. 3. c. 147.

G. 2. C. 10. 17 G. 2. c. 14. 10 G. 3. c. 71* X# G. 3. t. 93.

Former Acts,

36 G. 2. c. 93. 11 G. 3. C 85. 15 G. 3. c. 71* 32 G. 3. C. 120. ail repealed.

24 G. 2. C. 35. 28 G. 2. C.39.

4 G. 3. c. 86. 24G.3.ft.l.C.l«.

25 G. 3. C. 28.

C. xxlx — xxxvii, 49° GEO. III. A.D.igop.

Cap. xxix.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the First fmail Bridge or Culvert which crosses the present Turnpike Road from Cheltenham to Gloucester, on the Gloucester Side of Si avert on Bridge, to join the same Turnpike Road in the Town of Cheltenham in the County of Gloucester. (b) [28th April 1809.]

Cap. xxx.

An Act for maintaining and repairing the Road leading from the City of Glajgoiv, through Co<wcaddens9 to that Part of the River of Kelvin called The Milnford of Garfcube\ (£) [281I1 April 1809.]

Cap. xxxi.

An Act for more tffeftually making and repairing the Great North Road leading frofci the North Queensferry in the County of Fife to the City of Perth, and to the Town of Dunfermline (b)

[28th April 1809.]

Cap. xxxii.

An Act for altering an Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing Roads in the County of Ayr.

[28th April 1809.]

Cap. xxxiii.

An Act to continue the Term anti enlarge the Powers of Three Acts passed in the Fourth Year of His late Majesty, and the Sixth and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Godflonc in the County of Surrey, to Highgate in the Parish of East Grinstead in the County of Sussex. (c)

[28th April 1809.2

Cap. xxxiv.

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts for repairing the Road leading from Galley Corner adjoining to Enfield Chafe in the Parish of South Mims in the County of Middlesex, to Lemsford Mill in the County of Hertford. (0) [28th April 1809.]

Cap. xxxv.

An Act for allowing the Timber on Part of the settled Estates of Dame Jane St. John Mildmay Widow, in the Counties of Essex, Somerset, Dorset9 and Southampton, to be cut down, and for applying the Monies thence arising in the Purchafeof Estates to be settled in Manner therein-mentioned. (q.P.) [28th April 1809.]

Cap. xxxvi.

An Act for repairing and amending certain Roads in the County of Peebles, and for better regulating the Statute Labour within the fam$. (£)^[ 12th May 1809.]

Cap. xxxvii.

An Act for rendering more efftftual several Acts for repairing the Turnpike and other High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, and for repairing the Road9 from the City of Edinburgh to the Town of Leith.

[12th May 1809.]

29G>a. C. 105. 38 G. 3. c. xlv. 43 G. 3. C.rxxir.

Cap

A.D. 1809.

C. xxxviu — 3dir«

49° GEO. III.

Cap. xxxviii.

An Act for more effectually making and repairing the Road from Carlow rie Bridge on the River Almond* to Linlithgow Bridge on the River Avont and other Roads in the County of Linlithgow. (b)

£t2th May 1809.]

Cap. xxxix.

An Act for more equally and effectually assessing and collecting the Poor Rates within the Parish of Saint Anne (commonly called Saint Anne Limehouse) in the County of Middlesex.

[12th May 1809.]

Cap. xl.

An Act for better assessing and collectirg the Poor and other Rate* in the Parish of Saint Nichokuy'in the City of Rochestert in the County of Kent, and regulating the Poor thereof.

[ 12th May 1 #09* J

Cap. xli.

An Act for repealing an Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for the Improvement of the River Wear and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County Palatine of Durham, and for the more efftftual Preservation and further Improvement of the same River, Port, and Haven, (a) [12th May 1809.]

[ Gujlomsy Tonnage, and Light-House Duties, granted

Cap. xlii.

An Act t<^ amend and enlarge the Powers of the several Act? relating to' the Stratford-upon-Avon Canal Navigation.

[12th May 1809.]

Cap. xliii.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act passed in the Fifteenth Year of His present Majesty, for draining and preserv. ing certain Lands and Grounds in the Parishes of Wisbech Saint Peter*s and Wi/bech Saint Mary's* and in the Hamlets of Wisbech Murrow and Wisbech Guylnrn, in the Isle of EIy> and County of Cambridge [12th May 1809.]

Cap. xliv.

An Act for inclosing and draining Lands in the Parishes of Thurlton % HaddJ'coc, and Thorpe next Haddifcoe* in the County of Norfolk.

[12th May 1809.]

LV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Ihfll wilfully and maliciously cut, break down, demolish, or destroy any Isank, Mill, Engine, Dam, Floodgate, Bridge, Sluice or Tunnel already made, or which shall at any Time hereafter be made*or erested, supported, maintained or used for answering any of the Purposes of this Act, every Person so offending-and being convicted thereof shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and the Court before whom f\ich Person shall be tried and convicted shall have Power and Authority to caqfe such Person or Persons to be. transported for Seven Years, or in Mitigation, of such Punifcmeat may award such Sentence.as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larcepy*

i Cap.

ih

so 6. s.e. 19U

Former Afis,

3 G 1. c. a.pr. 13 G. 1. c. 6. 20 G. 2. e. 1*. 92 G. 2. c. 65. 25 G. 3. c. 26*. all repealed.

33 G. 3. C. 112. 35 G;. c. 72.

34G. 3. Cil*t

15 G. 3. C« 66.

PunUhment for destroying Works, Felony, Scc.

ft

17 G. 3. c. 9.9G, 3. C. 51. 31 G. 3. c. 99.

7 G. 3. c. it.

SS G. 3. C. 115.

38G. 3.C. 99.

30 G. 2. C, 60. IS G. 3. c.110. 39 G. 3. c.xxxiv.

11 G. 3. C. 99. 32 G. 3. c- 115*

29 C. 3. C. 102.

9G. 8. c. 94. 38 G. 3.C. 111.

C.xiv — Jil, 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809U

Cap. xlv*

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Aft8 of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Harlow Bufb Common to Stump Cross, in the County of Essex. (£)

[12th May 1809.]

Cap. xlvi.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts passed in the Seventh and Twenty-eighth Years of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the Bell Inn at Northfield, in the County of Worcester, to the Wootton Turnpike, in the great Turnpike Road from Stratford-upon-Avon, in the County o i Warwick % to Birmingham, in the same County, (r) [12th May 1809.]

Cap. xlvii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in th« Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, for widening and keeping in Repair the Road from the Town of Walsall to HamJlead Bridge, and other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Stafford. (c) [12th May 1809.]

Cap. xlviii.

An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of several Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Dapdon Wharf near Guldeford, through Guldeford, to Alfold Bars, in the County of Surrey, (a) [12th May 1809.]

Cap. xlix.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Handcross to Henfield9 and from Bceding to Horsham, in the County of Sussex. (b)

[12th May 1809.]

Cap. I.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for appending the Road from Teddington to the Turnpike Road between Evesham and Pershore, in the County of Worcester, and for making a new Piece of Road to communicate therewith, in the County of Gloucester. (a) [12th May 1809.]

Cap. li.

An Act for repairing, widening, and improving the Road leading from the Town of Rickmersworth, in the County of Hertford, through the Village of Pinner, by Harrow-on-the-Hill, in the County of Middlesex, to or near the Swan Publick House at Sudbury Common, in the Turnpike Road leading from Harrow to London. (£) £i2th May 1809.]

Cap. lit.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of so much of Two Acts for repairing the Road from the End of the County of Stafford, in the Post Road towards the City of Chester, through Woore, in the County of Salop, to Nant with in the County of Chester, and from Nantwich to Tarporley, and from thence through Tarvin, in the said County of Chefiert to the said

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. In — lxi.

C»ty of Chester, and the Road from North wick to the Cross in Tarvin aforesaid, as relates to the Second Dillrid of Road* comprized in the said Acts. (b) [12th May 1809.]

Cap. liii.

An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of an Act for repairing the Road from Blackburn to Burscough Bridge, in the County of Lancaster. (a) [12th May 1809.]

Cap. liv.

An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Tenterden to the several Places therein mentioned, in the County of Kent. (c) [12th May 1809.]

Cap. Iv.

An Act for continuing Two Acts of the Sixth and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town oi'lVareham} and in Purbeck9 in the County of Dorset. (a) [12th May 1809.]

Cap. lvi.

An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts for repairing the Road from the South End of Newton Abbott to the Passage Way in Kingpwear, of polite Cllfton9 Dartmouth, Hardnsfs, and other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Devon. (b) [12th May 1809.]

Cap. lvii.

An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of several Acts passed for repairing the Road from Cranford Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, to that End of Maidenhead Bridge which lies in the County of Bucks, and for amending the Road from Slough to a certain Place in Eton, and from Langley Broom to Datchett Bridge, in the County of Buckingham. (a) £i2th May 1809.]

Cap. lviii.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Powder Mills on Hounslow Heath, in the County of Middlesex9 to the Twenty Mile Stone on Egham Hill9 in the County of Surrey. (a)

[12th May 1809.]

Cap. lix

An Act for vesting a Workhouse and Premises; situate in the City of Londonderry, in Trustees to be sold, and for applying the Purchase* Money in building another School House, and for better regulating the same. (q.P.) [12th May 1809.]

Cap. lx.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Kelfal, in the Parish of Tarvin, in the County Palatine of Chester. (q.P.)

[12th May 1809.]

Cap. lxi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of Lion Trewyn, Bod* lo*wydd9 and Bryn*cymme, in the Manor of Llanelldan % in the Parish of Llandidan, in the County of Denbigh. (q.P.)

[12 th May 1899, 3

1 m.

*8 G. 3* e« 13l«

y G. 3 e. 10*. 36 G. d. <*. 143.

6 G. 3. c.

26 G.3. c. 122.

5 G. 3. C. 69-24 G. 3. <« 26*

13 G. 1. C. 31. 17 G. 2. c 19-7 G^3 c 61.

36 G. 3. c. 149.

Former Ad*,

1 G. 2. c. 6.

12 G. 3. c. 16.' 3G. 3. c.47.

31 G. 3 c. 134. all repealed.

L-

A.D. 1Sep;

59*^C. Ixli — hix. 49° GEO. Iff.

Cap. Ixii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Bradwell, Belton, and Fritton, in the County of Suffolk. (q.P.) [12th May 1809.]

Cap. lxiii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Cortony Hopton, and Gorlesson, in the County of Suffolk. (q.P.) £i2th May 1809.]

No Lease of Allotments by the Vicar of Cordon shall be valid with- out the Consent of the King as Patron of the Vicarage of Cor ton. § 36.

Cap. lxiv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Witchingham, in the County of Norfolk. (q.P.)

[12th May 1809.]

Cap. Ixv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sitnonburn, in the County of Northumberland. (q.P.)

[12th May 1809.]

Cap. lxvi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Town ships of Elton and Winjlcr* in the Parish of Toulgreave, in the County of Derby. (q.P.)

[12th May 1809.]

Allotment to His Majesty as Lord of the Wapentake of Wirkff worth, in Right of his Duchy of Lancaster, as an Equivalent for a 44 certain Rent Or Fee called Palfrey Silver, payable by the Inhabi-ft tants of Elton 5 and of other Rents, Quit Rents, and Fee Farm 4i Rents payable to His Majesty. §1 — 17. Allotments in lieu of Tithes. § 18. Allotment to the King for his Right and interest in the Soil. § 20. Extract of the Award as to the King's Allot* 44 ments shall be transmitted to the Clerk of the Council of the Duchy M of Lancaster. §33.

Cap. lxvii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Barton - in the-Clay, in the County of Bedford. (q.P.)

[12th May 1809.]

Allotment and Compensations in Satisfaction of Tithes. § 20. 44 22} 23. Leases of Allotment by the Rest or shall not be valid without Consent of the King as Patron. § 39.

Cap. lxviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of Allcrston % in the North Riding of the County of York. (q.P.)

[12th May 1809.]

Allotment to the King in Satisfaction of all Claims on the Cpm-41 men, as Owner of the Honour and Forest of Pickering, in Right of his Duchy of Lancaster. § 1. 16. 19.

Cap. lxix.

An Act for making Provision for such of the Sub*Registrars of Deputy Registrars of the High Court of Chancery as from Age , or Infirmity shall be siHifted with permanent Disability, and be incapacitated foe the due Execution of their Office $ and for

S93

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. Ixix.

making further Provision for the Two Seniors of the said R*-giftrars, for the Clerks in the R^girtrar's Office, for tht Matter of the Report Office, and for providing additional Clerks in the Report Office of the said Court, and for making other Payments and Regulations in respect of the said Offices.

[2o: h May 1809 ]

WHEREAS by virtue of an Act of Parliament passed in the 32 G. 3. c. 4*. Thirty.second Year of the Reign of His present M^fty,

intituled, An Act to empower the High Court of Chancery to lay out a 4 further Sum of the Suitors Money upon proper Securities, and for applying the Interest towards discharging the Expences of the Office of the Accountant General; and for building Offices for the Majiers in Ordinary in Chancery, and a pub'ick Office for the Suitors of the said Court. and 4 OJfces for the Secretaries of Bankrupts and Lunaticks; and for huihling'Repositories for securing the Title Deeds of the Suitors of the said Court«

find the Records and Proceedings of the Commissioners of Bankrupts and Lunaticks; and of the several Acts in the said Act mentioned,

divers Sums of Money have been by virtue of the several Orders*taken out of the common and general C^tti belonging to the Suitors of the High Court of Cnaueery, which lay dead and uncm*

4 ployed in the Bank of England, and have been placed oat in the*Name of the Accountant General of the said Court, on Government or Parliamentary Securities, and such Government or Parliamentary Securities have been, in pursuance of the said Act passed in the Thirty-second Year of His prefrnt Matty's Rtiem, carried to an Account, intitu ed. Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, and*out of the Dividends and interest of the Securities purchased in

4 pursuance of the said several Acts of Parliament, the several annual*Sums and Salaries, and the i'everat other Payments directed to be made, and to be paid, have been from Time to Time made and'*v-

paid; and the surplus Interest and annual Produce arising from the

4 said Securities, beyond what was sufficient to answer the Purposes of the said several Acts, and also the Interrft produced from the Securities purchased with such surplus Interest and annual Produce, A

4 have been from Time to Time, in pursuance of the said last mentioned Ad, laid out in the Purchase of Government or Parliamentary Securities, in the Name of the Accountant General of

the said Court, and placed to the Credit of an Account, intituled,

4 Account of Securities purchased with surplus Interest, arising from Se- curilies carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and*better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery: And Whereas the Legislature has impoftd on the Filer of the Reports«and Certificates and Ke-per thereof, and of all Books of Entries of all Orders and Decrees of the Office of Registrar of the said Court,

and on the Sub or Deputy Regillrars, the Performance of im«

portant Duties, by reason whereof the Business of the said Regis-

strars and of the fyeptfrt Office is grown very extensive and laborious,

fir which extraordinary Duties no Fees are allowed or taken by the Registrars btyind their ancient and accustomed Fees for drawing*up and patting the Orders of the Court: And Whereas the Fees and Emoluments of the Two Seniors of the said Sub or Deputy Rei; ir*

4 trars of the said Court are not adequate to the Attendance, Trouble,

and Importance of their Offices, and to the Length of ihrir Ser*.

vices: And Wherea9 it would be for the Benefit of the Suitors of 49 G-o. III. # the

594

C.lxix. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

the said Court, that proper ProviGon should from Time to Time be made for such of the said Sub or Deputy Registrars of the said, Court as from Age or Infirmity shall, io the Judgment of the said f Court, be incapacitated to perform the Duties of their respective Offices: And Whereas the Fees and Allowances to which the

Entering Clerks and the Clerks to the said Sub or Deputy Registrars

are entitled (regard being had to the great Expence of paying Per-

fons to assist them in dispatching the Business of the said Office, and

the great Increase in the Price of the Ncctflaries of Life and the

Expence of Living), are inadequate to their Attendance and

Trouble and the Duties required of them; and it is reasonable to

provide yearly Allowances to the Entering Clerks, and to the Clerks

of the said Sub or Deputy Registrars of the said Court, in addition

to the Fees and Allowances to which they are now entitled, and

also to provide additional Clerks in the Report Office, and Salaries

for such additional Clerks 5 and also that ProviGon should be made«for such other Payments and Expencts incident to the said Offices,

and that such other Regulations should be made as are herein-after < mentioned and contained: May it therefore please Your Majesty, u that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's mott

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common*, in this present Par-Out -of the liament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That out of the Dividends of interest and Dividends of the Government or Parliamentary Securities Se^iti^wried a^ore^a^» carried to the said Account, intituled, Account of Interest to the several arlfinS from Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the

Accounts of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, and out ol the interest and

Suitors of the Dividends of the Government or Parliamentary Securities carried Court of Clwn- the said Account, intituled, Account of Securities purchased with be7, Id^the11 5wr/>/w/ Interest arising from Securities carried to an Account of Monies

Registrars and placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High

Clerks of the Court of Chancery, and out of the interest and Dividends of any Govern-

ed office, the ment or Parliamentary Securities hereafter to be purchased and placed \early Payments to the last-mentioned Account, there shall be paid (but subject and following. without Prejudice to the Payment of all Salaries and Sums ot Money by any Act or Acts of Parliament heretofore passed, directed, or authorized to be paid thereout) by the Goiernor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the High Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpose, by quarterly Payments, on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of ApriU the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of October in every Year, such yearly Sums as after-mentioned, to the several Persons after-mentioned (that is to say): To the two Senior of the said Sub Registrars or Twc Senior Sub- Deputy R-gittrars of the said Court for the Time being, the y-arly Registrars, 550!. Sum of Five hundred and fifty Pounds each; to t.he first Citrk in the said Register's Office for the Time being, the yearly Sum of Three Clerk*, 330I. hundred and thirty Pounds mf to the second Clerk the y early Sum of 275I. Two hundred and seventy-five Pounds; to the third Clerk the yearly 220I. Sum of Two hundred and twenty Pounds;to the fourth Clerk the 1651. yearly Sum of One hundred and sixty-five Pounds; to the fifth and nol. sixth Clerks the yearly Sum of One hundred and ten Pounds each; to 5*1. the seventh and eighth Clerks the yearly Sum of Fifty five Pounds Two Entering each 5 and to each two Entering Clerks of the said Court for

Clerk*, 275k the Time being, the yearly Sum of Two hundred and seventy-five

Pounds 1

$9 S

A.D. 1809. 49* GEO. tlL C.lxix.

Pounds; and to four additional Clerks to bt employed in the said Report Office for the Purposes above-mentioned, and to be appointed by the Filer and Keeper of the said Reports and Certificates and Keeper of the fa; d Books of Entries of the said Office for the Time being, the federal yearly Sums herein-after mentioned, (that is to say); to the first of the said Clerks, the yearly Sum of Three hundred and thirty Pounds; to the second of the said Clerks, the yearly Sum of Two hundred and twenty Pounds; to the third of the said Clerks, the yearly Sum of One hundred and ninety-eight Pounds; and to the fourth of the said Clerks, the yearly Sum of One hundred and thirty-two Pounds, and also a proportionable Part of such quarterly Payment 33 {hdl accrue due between the last quarterly Payment thereof, and the Time of the Death or other Removal of such several Registrars acd Clerks; such several yearly Payments tQ be accepted and taken by such several Clerks, to the said Sub or Deputy Registrars, and by the said Entering Clerks, as a full Compensation and Satisfaction for such Expences as they shall expend or be put unto for Persons to assist them in writing, and expediting the Business of the said Offi: e, and such Allowances and Payments to the said Clerks in the Report Office to be a full Compensation and Satisfaction for their Labour and Attendance in the said Office 5 the first quarterly Payment of the several Sums aforesaid, to the several Persons aforesaid, to commence on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nine, and also such Sums as ihali appear to the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal for the Time being, to be reasonable to order to be repaid or reimbursed to any of the said Sub or Deputy Registrars. or their Clerks, or the Entering Clerks in the said Office, or the said Filer and Keeper of the said Reports and Certificates and Keeper of the said Books of Entries, as having been reasonably and necessarily expended by them, since the Fifth Diy of April One thousand eight hundred and four, either in paying Persons for assisting and carrying on and expediting the Business of the said Office, or in paying for Books or Stationary provided or supplied for carrying on the said Business, or in providing Coals and Candles and other necessary Articles for their said Offices; und also the annual Sum of One hundred and ten Pounds, to be paiu to the said Filer and Keeper of the said Reports and Certificates, and Keeper of the said Books and Entries, and to each of the Four said Sub or Deputy Registrars of the said Court for the Time being, as a Compensation and in Satisfaction for Expences to be incurred in future in providing Books, Stationary, or Printing for such Purpose as aforesaid, and in providing Coals and Candles and other necessary Articles for their said Offices, and in paying any Person or Persons necessarily attending the rein, to take care of the same; such last mentioned annual Sums to be paid quarterly to the said Filer and Keeper "of the said Reports and Certificates and Keeper of the said Books and Entries, and the said four Sub or Deputy Registrars, and the first quarterly Payment thereof to commence and be computed from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nine.

II. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the aforesaid Eight Clerks to the said Sub or Deputy Registrars and each and every of them, shall from Time to Time, as and when he or they apply at the proper Office in the Bank of England, for Payment of the several yearly Sums herein-before provided and directed*Qjq a to

Four additional Clerks, ddol. 2201. 198l. 1321.

Lord Chancellor may order Registrars and Clerks to be reirabursed Expeeces here-toiore incurred in carrying on their Business j

and also certain Yearly Payments in future, to provide Books, Stationary,

Coals, Candid, Sux

Clerks shall produce Certificates of having faithfully executed their

before

$S><5

they shall be entitled to the Pavmenuhmby directed.

Chancellor 'inpowen'd to dilglace Rrgif-tmrs who shall be incapacitated, and to make certain Allowances to them.

i

'Surpla^ shall.he placed to

C. Ixix. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

to be paid to them respectively, produce a Certificate figoed by the respective Sub or Deputy Registrar whose Clerk or Clerks he or they at fi'ch Time rrfpcftivtly may be, or in case of a Vacancy of Sub or Deputy Registrar, a Certificate signed by fotne other acting Sub or Deputy Registrar of the said Office for the Time being, that such Clerk hath diligently and faithfully in all Things performed and fulfilled the Duty and Office of a Clerk to a Sub or Deputy Registrar, up to the Time specified in such Certificate, and by reason thereof, is entitled to have and receive the yearly Sum or Payment hereby provided, up to the Time mentioned in such Certificate 5 and in case the Sub or Deputy Registrar or any Sub or Deputy Registrar, shall decline or refuse to sign such Certificate, such Clerk shall be at liberty to apply to the said Court of Chancery, by Petition or otherwifr, and the said Court shall have full Power and Authority to make such Order therein, as to the said Court shall appear to be expedient and just.

III. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any of the Four Sub cr Deputy Registrars of the said Court for the Time being shall happen to be afihfted with any permanent Infirmity, disabling him from the due Execution of his Office, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the Time being respectively, to remove from the Office of a Sub or Deputy Registrar of the said Court, any of the Four Sub or Deputy Registrars of the said Court, who shall in the Judgment of the Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for she Time being, be so afflisted, and by an Order or # Orders of the High Court of Chancery, to be made from Time to Time when Occasion shall require, to order an Annuity or clear yearly Sum of Money, not exceeding One thousand one hundred Pounds, to be paid out of the Dividends and Interest of the Government or Parliamentary Securities, purchased or to be purchased as herein-before mentioned, to any Sub or Deputy Registrar or Rrgillrars, who shall be removed from the Office of a Registrar of tht said Court, for such Cause aforesaid, in which Order or Orders the Cause of making the same shall be distinctly dated and specified, and the said Annuity or yearly Sum mentioned in such Order or Orders shall be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England out of the Interest and Dividends of the said Government or Parliamentary Securities (but subject and without Prejudice as aforesaid) by even and equal quarterly Payment*, on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of October in every Year, to such Sub or Deputy Registrar, . from the Period whgn.hr shaft be so removed from his said Office or Employment, for and during the -Term of hw natural Life, together with a proportionable Part thereof up to the Time of his Deqeafc; and in the Room of such Sub or Deputy Registrar so incapacitated, some other able and sufficient Person shall be appointed to be Sub or Deputy Regi^ar in the usual and accustomed Manner.

Expences of this Act shall be paid out of Interest of Funds. § 4.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Turplus Interest anl annual Produce which shall strife from the Money placed out oa

Securitieff

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. lxix — Ixxi. $97

Securities, purfu?nt to the said A A, passed in the Thirty-fecoml Year of H; s present Majesty's Reign, and pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament therein and herein*before mentioned or referred to, and which Securities are thereby directed to be carried to the Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, and a!so the Interest which shall be produced from the Securities purchased and to be purchased with such surplus Interest beyond what shall be sufficient to answer the Purprfcs of the said former Acts and the Purposes of this Act, shall from Time to Time be placed out on Government or Parliamentary Securities, and shall be placed to the Credit of the said Account, raised in pursuance of the said Act of the Tlrrty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and intitul d, Account of Secu* ritics purchased with surplus Interefly arising from Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, and which Fund Qnll be applied to answer the Demands of the said Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, in case it shall at any Time be necessary to call in any of the Money of the said Suitors, which hath been or may be placed out on Securities.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for Securities may the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or Lord Keeper or Lord be changed by Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the Chancellor, the Time being, by any Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery, to change the Security qr Securities or any Part of the Securities purchased or to be purchased pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament herein-before mentioned or referred to, or pursuant to this

Ad.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That j^oney

for and notwithstanding any of the Provisions contained in this Act, called in if if at any Time hereafter the whole or any Part of the Money placed wanted, to out pursuant to the said several Acts of Parliament, or any of them, answer the shall be wanted to answer any of the Demands of the Suitors of the of

High Court of Chancery, then and in such Case the said Court may UItors* and shall direct the whole or any Part thereof to be called in, and

the Securities in which the same shall be placed, and also the Securities upon which the surplus Interest and Dividends herein-before mentioned shall be placed, to be sold and disposed of, in order that' the Suitors of the said Court may at all Times be paid their respective Demands out of the common and general Cash belonging to such Suitors.

4< Publick Act. § 8.

Cap. lxx.

An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the 46G. 3: e.xcvit Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, to enable the several Persons therein named to dispose of the several Houses therein mentioned in London and Westminstert by Lottery.

[20th May 1809.]

Trustees empowered to dispose of certain Premises for joo, ooq/. by Lottery, to be drawn before 25th March 18Hi

Cap. lxxi.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Stairforth and »G. a. $. 11 > fscadhy Canal Navigation to raise a further Sum of Money for the 38 G. 3. c.xliii.

Q. q 3 Discharge

55* C* lxxi — lxxvili. 49° GEO. III. A.D.i 809.

Dischargeof their Debts, and to finifti and complete the said Canal Navigation, and for amending the several Acts passed relative*thereto.

[aoih May 1809.]

Cap. lxxii.

S6G 3 C 38* ^or 8mcn^, n&> altering, and enlarging, the Powers of the

'c. 95. several Acts relating to the Warwick and Napton Cat al Navigation.

[20th May 1809, ]

Cap. Ixxiii.

10C 3 C 96*° imrn<* an<* en^arge the Powers of the several Acts

15 G 3 c ao2 Pafltd for making a navigable Canal from the Trent to the Mersey,

16 G. 3.c 32*. and other Canals connected therewith.

[20th May 1809.]

23 G. 3. c 33.-37 G. 3. c. 36.-37 G. 3. c. 81. — 42 G. 3. C. xxv.

32 G. 2. c. 62. 10 G. 3. c. 104.

Penalty for destroying Works, Felony, &c.

20 G. 2.C. 14. 30 G. 2. c. 58. 2^G. 3. c. 77.

13 & 14 Car.2.

e. 14.pr.

7 &8 W-3 c.14,3G. l, c.3^.*

Cap. lxxiv.

An Act for explaining and amending Two Acts for improving the Navigation of the River Clyde to the City of Glasgow.

[20th May 1809 j

Duty on Coals continued to 8th July 1817.

XXII. And be it tnacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, after the passine of th's Ad, maliciously and wantonly demolish, break down, or let on Fire any of the Quays, Piers, Jetties, Breads, Abutments, Walls, or other Works made and constructed, or to be conttruded, in Terms of the said recited Acts, or of this Act, or any Snip or Veffti i'ing in the said Harbour or River, such Person so (Fending, on being thereof legally convicted, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and be transported for the Space of Seven Years.

Cap. lxxv.

An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace for the several Parts of Lindjey, Kejleven % and Holland, constituting the Three Divisions of the County of Lincoln, to provide a convenient Houie, with suitable Accommodations, for His Majesty's Judges at the Assizes for the said County.

[20th May 1809.]

Cap. lxxvi.

An Act for regulating the Police of the Town and Liberties of Kmsale, and for the Regulation and Improvement of the Port and Harbour of the said Town, and of the Fisheries thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[[20th May 1809.]

Cap. lxxvii.

An Act to continue the Term, and render more effectual, several Ad^ passed for opening, cleaning, repairing, and improving the Harbour of South wold> in the County of Suffolk. (£)

[20th May 1809.] " Pier Dues granted on Vefllls.

Cap. Ixxviii.

An Act for amendiogfseveral Acts for making navigable the Rivers Wye and Lugg. in the County of Hereford, and for making at Horse Towing Path on certain Parts of the Banks of the said River Wye.

[20th May 1809.]

A'D.i8e9* 49° GEO. III. C.lxxix — Ixxxiv. S99

Cap. Ixxix.

An Act for better paving, repairing, cleaning, lighting, and watching the several Streets, and other publick Passages and Places, within the Town ani Franchise of Swanfca> in the County of Glamorgan, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein.

[20th May 1809.]

Cap. lxxx.

An Act for the better supplying the City of Dublin with Water.

[20th May 1809.]

Additional Duties granted.*]

See former A As, 15& 16G.3. (I.) C. 24. 19 & 20G.3.(I.) c. 13. — 42 G. 3. c. xcli.

Cap. lxxxi.

An Act to authorize the raising of Money to defray the Expences 23G.3.C. 54. of erecting a Prison and publick Offices in the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick.

[20th May 1809.]

Cap. lxxxii.

An Act to revive and continue* the Term and Powers of certain 35 g. for widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London, 38 G. near Temple Bar, for snaking a more commodious Street at Snow 39 & HtlU and for raising on the Credit of the Orphans* Fund certain c*xlii Sums of Money for those Purposes.

[aoth May 1809.]

4t Three Years from the passing this Act allowed to punchafe Houses, u dec, and Five Years to complete the Improvements. § 1. — 38 G. 3.

11 cm Ixt. § 5. repealed. § 2. — 'The new-built Vestry Room, Court Rooms and Alms Houses, and the New Burial Ground shall be«conveyed to the Use of the Parish of Saint Clement Dana. § 3.

42 G, 44 G.

3. C. 126..3. c. Ixi. 40 G. 3.

3.C. lxxiii. 3. c. xxviL

Cap. Ixxxiii.

An Act for the Improvement of the Passage across the Frith of Forth, called The Queensferry. (3) [20th May 1809.]

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if ady Person or Persons Punishment for whatsoever shall, after the passing of this Act, wilfully and maii- destroying cioufiy destroy any of the Piers, Jetties, Landing Places, or other Works, Works to be constructed under the Authority of this Act, or any 8te.

of the Materials intended for any of the said Works, or any Vessel lying or being in any Harbonr made under the Authority of this Act, or any Vessel on its Passage across the said Ferry, every such Person or Persons so offending, upon being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall fuffier Punishment, by Traaf-portation. Fine, or Imprisonment, at the Discretion of the Judge or '

Judges before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be tried and con-vffted.

" Boatmen licensed at the Ferry shall not be liable to be hn«

M pressed. $68.

Cap. Ixxxiv.

An Act for building a new Bridge acrqfa the River Ton*, and enlarging the Bridge at Shuttern, both in the Town of Taunton, in the Countj* of Somerset, and also for widening and improving tho-Approaches to the said Bridges, and removing and preventing Obstruftiot? and Nuisances thereon, {a) .^- [aoA May

CU4

6oo

A.D. 13op.

C. lxxxv — dxxxix. 49° GEO. III.

Cap. lx i xv.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Watfum, between the Scite where the Gites cnlled King Street Gates formerly itood, and Carrcw Mbey, to the Hamlet of Thorpe, in the County of the Otv of Norwich.

[loth May 1809.]

Bridge not to he XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Bridge shall n6t be taxed, or deemed rate(j or act*tfi; d for or towards the Payment of any parochial Rate or a unty n ge. Assessment whatsoever; nor shall the said Bridge be deemed a County Bridge, so as to fuhjed the said City of Norwich or the County of the said City or the County of Norfolk to repair the same.

Penalty on XVIII. And for preferring the said Bridge from wilful or maii-

lVrion* deft rot-«C; 0U8 Damage, and preventing all Interruptions to the building Felony.'*thereof/ Be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons

shall wilfully or maliciously blow up, pull down, or dtftroy the said Bridge, or any Part thereof, or the Toll Houses, or Toll Gates or Side Bars erected or set up, or to be ended or set up, on the fa'd Bridge, or any of them, or any of the Works, Buildings, or Erections made or to be made in pursuance of this Act, or cause or procure the same, or any Part or Parts thereof rcfptdivtly to be so blown up, pull si down, or destroyed, then and in every such Case every such Offender being lawfully convicted thereof shall be adjudged guilty of Ftlony, and every such Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject to the like Punishment and Penalties as in Cases of Felony; and the Court by or before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in like Manner as Felony is directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, or in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Court may award such Punishment as the Law directs in Cases of Fetty Larceny.

Cap. lxxxvi.

5 Q. 3.c. 67. An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers of Two Ad* S7 Q. 3.C. 8f. of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the Pinfold in Bulky, in the County of Torl9 to Worlfop, in the County of Nottingham.* (c) [20th May 1809.]

Cap. lxxxvii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from a Place calhd Nantgaredig, adjoining the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of LJandilofawr to the Town of Carmarthen through the Village.of Brechfa to the River Ttvy near Llanlooney Church, and also a Road from Brechfa aforesaid to the Village of Llanfawell, all in the County of Carmarthen, {a) [^oth May 1809 ]

.. Cap. lxxxviii.

*9 G. 3. c. 93. An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of an Act ..of His prefdrtvMaj^fty> amending the Road leading from Con* g let on to Colley Bridge, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned, in the Counties of Chester and Derby. Or) [20th May 1809 ]

Cap. Ixxxix.

An Act for making and maintaining Turnpike Roads for the Town of Malmesbury, to or near to ^he Town of Wootton Bajsett, Sutton _ Bcogcf Church, and Dauntfey Gates i# the County of Wilts, {aft

[20th May 1809.]

A.D. 1809. 451° GEO. III. C. xc — xcvit. Col

Cap. xc.

An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road from Wooiton Bajfet in the County of Wilts* to the Tiro Mile Stone on the Turnpike Road from Swindon to Marlborough in the said County, (a)

(20th May 1809]

Cap. xci.

An Act for amendingand improving the Road from the North End of the Town of Tonbridge to the Village of Ightham, and Two other Roads communicating with the same, all in the County of Kent, (h)

[20th May 1809.]

Cap. xcii.

An Act for amending and improving the Road from Stockerjhead at the Top of Charing Hill, to a certain Place where the same joins the Road from Jjbford to Canterbury, all in the County of Kent* (a)

[20th May 1809.]

Cap. xciii.

An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two s&^G.a.ft.i. Acts of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the End c*i* of the County of Stafford to the City of CheJUr, and from North- 28*'C* wtch to Tarvin in the County of Chester, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, so far as respects the Third District of the said Roads. (£) [20th May 1809.]

Cap. xciv.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road over Harley Common in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Black Corner, and from thence to join the Bright helmfton Turnpike Road at Cuckfield, in the County of Sussex. (a) [2o: h May 1809.]

Cap. xcv.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His pre- 6 G. 3. <*. s&! sent Majesty, lor repairing the Road from Tunbridge Wells in the asG.3.c.8S. County of Kent, to the Cross Ways near Mares field Street, and from Florence Farm to Forefi Row, io the County of Sussex? (c)

[20th May 1809.]

Cap. xevi.

An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of an Act of 07 G.3. c.17*i the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty for amending the Road from or near Edenfield Chapel to the Township of Little Bolton, and for making and maintaining a Road from the said Road at or near Booth Pitt, to or near Bury Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. (a) [20th May 1809.]

Cap. xcvii.

An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts«G. 3.c. so. of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Reading7 G.3. c. si. in the County of Berks, through Henley in the County of Oxford, and Great Marlow to Hatfield in the County of Hertford; and also the Road leading out of the said Road at Marlow over Great Marlow Bridge through ByJharn to or near the Thirty Mile Stone jo the Road leading from Maidenhead to Reading aforesaid. (c)

[20th May 1809.]

C. xcviii — CV.

A.D. 1809.

60 V

49° GEO. III.

aSG. 3. C.32.

Punishment lot destroying Works, iFdujf, &c.

Cap. xcviir.

An Act for effecting the Sale of an Estate at Tachbrook in the County of Warwick, deviled by the Will of John Norris Esquire, deceased j and for applying sufficient of the Money in discharging Incumbrances on certain Estates at Cwmyoy and Lanthony in the Counties of Monmouth and Hereford; and for paying the Residue thereof to Walter Salvage Lander Esquire; and for settling the said Estates at Cwmyoy and Lanthony to the Use of the Will of the said John Norris. (q.P.) [20th May 1809.]

Cap. xeix.

An Act for inclosing a Moor or Common called Middlehope within the Park and Forest of Wear dale in the Parish of Stanhope, in the County of Durham. (q.P.) [20th May 1809.]

Cap. c.

An Act for dividing and allotting Lands in the Parishes of Barford Saint Martin and South Newton, and for extinguishing Rights of Common in other Land# in or adjoining the Parishes of Barford Saint Martin aforesaid, and Baverjlock, in the County of Wilts.

' (q.P.) [20th May 1809.]

Cap. ci.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Manor aid Parish of Portburyt in the County of Somerset.

[20th May 1809.] XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously cut, break down, demolish, or destroy any Bank, Dam, Flood-gate, Sluice, or other Works already made* or which shall at any Time hereafter be made or erested, supported, maintained, or used, in pursuance of the said recited Act or of this Act, within the said Common, for protesting the said Lands called Portbury Wharf from the Sea, or for draining the same, every Perfba so offending, and being convicted, shall be guilty of Felony, and the Court before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted shall l^ve Power and Authority to cause such Person or Pqr-fon8 to be transported for Seven Years, or in Mitigation of such Funilhment may award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petty Larceny.

Cap. cii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Cheadale % in the County of Stafford. (q.P.) # [zothMay 1809.]

Cap. cxii.

An Act for inclosing Waste Lands in the Township of Difiard in the Parish of Wallasey, in the County Palatine of Chester. (q.P.)

[20th May 1809J

Cap. civ.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Whiflon and Parish of Kingsley, in the County of Stafford. (q.P.) [20th May 1809.]

Cap. cv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bledlow*0 the County of J&ckiitghapi. (q.P.) [20th May 1809.]

Allotments and Compensation for Tithes. § 22 — 28.

A.D. 1809<

C.cri — cxi.

GEO. III.

Cap. cvi.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Township of Idle. in the Parish of Calverley in the Welt Riding of the County of York. (q.P.) [20th May 1809 ]

u Modus or ancient Composition real for Tithes confirmed. § 32.

Cap. cvii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Marsworth, in the County of Buckingham. (q.P.) [20tb May 1809.]

" Allotments and Compensation for Tithes. § 21 — 24.

Cap. cviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Long Witten* ham, in the County of Berks. (q.P.) [20th May 1809.

Allotments and Compensation for Tithes. § 13 — 17.

$3

Cap. cix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors of Abdon and Stoke St.

MUborough, in the County of Salop. (q.P.) [20th May 1809.]

Cap. cx.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Stockton, in the County of Wilts. (q.P.) [20th May 1809.]

" Allotments and Compensation for Tithes. § 17 — 22.

Cap. cxi.

An Act for repealing such Part of an Act passed in the Forty-third 43G.o.c.lviM. Year of His present Majesty, as imposes a certain Proportion of 47 G. 3.ft. 2. the County Rate for the County of Kent upon the Eastern Division c.xsaar. of the said County, and certain Proportions upon the Western Division of the said County 5 and also, so much of an Act passed in the Forty-seventh Year of H s present Majesty, for empowering the Justices of the Peace for the County of Kent, to make a fair and equal County Rate for the said County, as directs the Churchwardens and Overseers therein mentioned, to make certain Returns of the Rental or Value of Estates within their Parishes at the Periods and in the Manner therein mentioned, and imposes a certain Penalty upon such Churchwardens and Overseers for making Default therein, and for amending the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts.

[27th May 1809.]

43 G.3. c Ivin, and 47 2. c. xxxiv. recited and confirmed,

except as repeale d by this Act. § 1. 43 (7.3. c. Ivi/. $2. propor-

t tioning the Rates 'or the County, repealed, except as to Expence in and up to Easter Quarter Sessions 49 G. 3. — $ 2. 43 G. 3. c. lvii.

" § 3. as to Meetings for settling the Treasurer's Accounts, repealed.

"§3-

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Justices who shall be Justices at the assembled at the Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for Easter Quarter the said County in each and every Year shall and they are hereby di- Sessionsshall rested and required to appoint a Committee of Twelve Justices (that a, 'ally appoint is to say), Six Justices aaing iu thtEaJlem Division, and Six Justices l°

1 acting

604 C-cxi. GEO. III. AtD.ifo^*.

Accounts of the

frvcral

Tiemforeisw

Three Justicett ihe least, of ench DtrHioi\, to be prefrnt at the settling of the Treaf«rer*s Accounts,

Justices shall mate County Rates, under 1*2 G. 2. c. 9. for the fercral Divisions of the County.

acting in the IViJlern Division of the said County, of which Com. mittec of Twelve Justices the Chairman for the Time being of each Division of the said County shall always be one, and shall mert at Sittingbourne aforesaid, on the Friday next preceding the Saint Thomas's or Midsummer Gereral Quarter Sessions in every Year, for the Purpose of examining, passing, adjusting, and allowing the several Accounts of the respective Treasurers of the said Two Divisions of the said County; and that such Meeting shall always commence and originally be holden at Sittingbourne aforesaid, but the same may from Time to Time be adjourned as Occasion may require to Sittinghourne aforesaid, and the Justices so appointed and present at such Meeting, or any Adjournment thereof, shall have full Power and Authority, and they are hereby directed to inquire into, and examine, pass, and allow the fa*d Accounts of the said Treasurers; and the said Accounts shall be examined, palied, and allowed solely and exclusively at the said Meeting, or some Adjournment thereof.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Meeting shall be effectual or competent to transact the several Matters and Things herein-before directed to be done and trarifa&ed at such Meeting as aforesaid, unless Three at the least of the Justices acting in each Division of the said County, appointed as aforesaid, shall be then present, but that such Meeting shall necessurily be adjourned until Three Justices of each Division of the said County so appointed as aforesaid, shall be so present as aforesaid j and in case no such Justice or Justices shall attend at the said Meeting, then the Cltik of the Peace or his Deputy shall adjourn the same, of which Adjournment the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy shall forthwith give Notice to the several Members of the said Committee*

" 43 G. 3. c. lvir. §5. so far a3 it requires that County Rates under €i 12 G. 2. c. 29. shall be made for the whole County, repealed. § 6.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the Justices aflVrc.bled at the Quarter Sessions holden for the IVeJlern Division of the said County, and for the Justices assembled at the Quarter Sessions holden for the Eastern Division of the said County, to make such Rate or Assessment for raising such Sum and Sums of Money within each such Division respectively, as shall be sufficient to a ifwer the Ends and Purpofts mentioned and contained in the before recited Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, as Occasion may demand, or as the Exigencies of each such Division may require, and also for the Ends and Purposes of this Act; and that such respective Rates and Assessments shall be as legal and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if one general Rate had been made for the whole of the said County; and that all and every the Sum and Sums of Money in and by such Rates or Assesshnentft rated or aflefi'ed upon the several Towns, Parishes, Precincts, Vilis* Hamlets, and Places situate within the IVeJlern Division of the said County, shall be paid to the Treasurer of the said IVeJlern, Division; and all and every the Sum and Sums of Money it* and by such Rates or Assessmente rated or aflVflVd upon the fcveraL Towns, Parishes, Precincts, Vitls, Hamlets, and Places situate within the Ecjlern Di* vifton of the said County, shall be paid to tfrq Ttcafurcr of the said Eafiern Division.

VIII.

A.D. 1&09. 49° GEO, III. C. cxi. 605

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer and Trrafurers Treafvrers shall appointed and to be appointed for each Division of the said County, account for shall and he and they is and aTe hereby required, not more than Ten,

nor lefa than Seven Days at lead, previous to every Easter Quarter*

Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County, to transmit or cause to be transir.itted to the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, or to his Deputy, an Account in Writing under the respective Hands of the Treasurer for each Division of the said County, of the Balance then remaining in the Hands of each such Treasurer respectively; and also an Account of the Sum of the gross Expenditure of each such respective Treasurer since the Easier Quarter Sessions preceding to the Time of making up and delivering such Account; and also an Efti-isate of the further probable Expence, to be incurred up to the said Easter Quarter Stfliuns inclusive, in order that the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy may and he is hereby required to lay the same before the Justices to be assembled at the Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County, for their Information.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every such Rate or Assessment Rales shall be so to be made and aifeffed as aforesaid shall be made and assessed upon made on the the relative Rentals of each Division of the said County, as the same relative Rentals' shall have been returned and ascertained under and by virtue of the of each Division. Directions and Provisions of the before recited Act, passed in the f j 2' Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and as

such Rentals may be existing at the Michaelmas Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County of Kent, next and immediately preceding the Meeting of the Committee of Twelve Justices appointed to be holden at Sittingbourne as aforesaid.

" 47 G.3.JI 2. e. xxxiv. §J, 4« (directing Churchwardens and Over-" seers to make Returns as therein mentioned,) repealed. § 10.

XI. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Justices, assembled ^OWCT to revise, at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County, whether the same shall be originally holden in the Eqftern JtcnttU of the or IVeJlern Division of the said County, shall determine that it is necef- Conuty. fary to revise, corrcd, and re-ascertain the Rental of the whole County, they shall immediately signify such their Determination to the Justices to be assembled in Sessions in the other Division of the said County, in order that such Justices may and they are hereby required to appoint a Committee ot Three Justices from each Division of the said County, for the Purposes hereafter-mentioned, of which Committee any Five of such Justices shall be competent to ad, and such Committee shall meet as loon after such Appointment as shall be mutually agreed upnn between them, in order to revise, correct, and re.r ascertain the Rental of the whole County, and the relative Rentals of each Division thereof distinctly, upon the same and as just and equitable Principles as they c-»n, by virtue of and under the Powers,

Provisions, and Directions of the before recited Act, passed in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and also of this Act, and such Revision, Correction, and Ascertainment so to be made as aforesaid, shall be final and couclusive to all Intents and Purposes, and binding upon the several Parties to be affected thereby, until another Revision. Comd'on, and Ascertainment, shall take place and be made in Manner as aforesaid, saving nevertheless to the

fcvtral

6o5

C. cxi.

49° GEO. III.

A.D. 1809;

places of Meeting of Committee for each Division.

Declaring how the Rental of the whole County shall be xevisea, cor-leisted, and ascertained According to the Assessment to the Property Tax, under 46 G. 3. C.65.

several Parties who may consider themselves aggrieved thereby, such Powers of Appeal, and in such Manner as is contained in the said before recited Act of the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and also of this Act: Provided always, that no such Revision, Correction, or Ascertainment, shall again take place until after the Expiration of Three Years from the Time of making such last Revision, Correction, or Ascertainment.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Place of Meeting of the said Committee so to be appointed for the Purposes last aforesaid* shall always be, for the Ecjem Division, at the Sessions House for the said Eastern Division, and for the Western Division, at Maidjlont in the said County, and the Justices then present shall have full Power to adjourn the same from Time to Time to such Place as they may judge more convenient.

XIII. And in order to enable the said Justices of the Peace to

form a proper Judgment of any Rate or Rates to be made in pur-

fuance of this Act, and to grant proper ReliefBe it further enacted, That the said Justices of the Peace, or any Three or more of them, or the said Clerk of the Peace for the said County, acting under their Authority, shall and may and they and he are and is hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time during the Execution of thia Act, to cause any of the Books of Assessment of the Property or Income Tax, so far as the same relate or refer to or in any wise concern the Statement of Property to be set forth and stated in the Schedule (A.) contained in an Act, paised in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty, during the present War, and until the Sixth Day of April next after the Ratification of any Definitive Treaty of Peace, further additional Rates and Duties in Great Britain, on Projits arising from Property, Profejftons, Trades, and Offices; and for repealing an Act, passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Profejftons, Trades, and Offices, and to consolidate and render more ejfeSual the Provisions for colleSing the said Duties \ and the Rental or Valuation by which such Assessments are made, mentioned, sod described, within any Parish or Place within the said County, to be brought before them or him, and to take Copies of such Books, or any Part or Parts thereof, as they, he, or any of them shall think fir, such Compensation being made to the Parties producing the same respectively as the said Justices, or any Three or more of them, shall think reasonable; and if any Person or Persons in whose Custody or Power any of the said Books shall be shall neglect or refuse to attend the said Justices, or the said Clerk of the Peace, with such Book or Books, or to permit them, him, or any of them, to take Copies thereof as aforesaid, then and in every such Case every Person who shall so refuse or neglect, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, Person or Persons, so making Default, together with the Charges of such Distress and Sale, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any One Justice of the Peace for the said County, rendering the Overplus to the Party or Parties respectively, on whose Goods and Chattels such Distress and Sale shall be so made as aforesaid! and the same Penalties or Forfeitures, when recovered and

received.

A»Di iBop*

49° GEO. III

C. cxu

607

received, shall forthwith be paid to the Treasurer of the Division of the said County in which such Offence shall arise, to be applied toward the Purpofca of thid Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Churchwardens and pre^yine Overseers of the Poor of all and every Parish, Town, Liberty, Pre- another Modi cinst, Village, Hamlet, or Place within the (aich County, or some of making or one of them, shall, whenever it shall be so determined to be necessarjr Returns, to revise, correct, and re-ascertain the whole Rental of the said County

as aforesaid, make a Return to the Committee so to be appointed for such Revifton as aforesaid, at such Time and Place as the said Committee, or any Three or more of them shall appoint, of the total Amount of the Rtntal or Value of the Estates within such respective Parishes, Towns, Liberties, Precinct*, Villages, Hamlets, or Places, at the Time of making the lait preceding Rate for the Relief of the Poor, together with the Names of the several Perform and Parties charged with such Rate, and the Sum and Sums of Money-rated or charged on such several Persons or Parties respectively, and shall also (late and point out in Writing the Mode adopted in making such Rate upon such Return, and shall verify every such Return upon Oath, in Manner as by the said Act is directed, and every such Return shall be signed with the Name or Names of the Church warden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers making such Rate.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Churchwarden

or OveTfetr of the Poor of my of the several Parishes, Towns, Churchwardens Liberties, Precincts, Villages, Hamlets, or Places within the said aodOverfeer* County, shall neglect or make Default in making any such Returns in oeglecting to Manner aforesaid, then and in every such Case each and every such Churchwarden and Overseer of the Poor so negltfting or making De. fault (without sufficient Excuse, to be allowed by the said Committee so to be appointed, at their Meeting so to be holden at Sittingbourne aforesaid) shall forfeit and pay such Sum and Sums of Motley, not exceeding Fifty Pounds, as shall or may be ordered or adjudged by the said Committee, at their Meeting so to be holden at Sittingbourne aforesaid, by way of Penalty for such Ntgleft or Default j and in case any such Penalty shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Committee at such Meeting assembled, and they are hereby directed to issue their Warrant to the High Constable of the Division where such Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct,

Village, Hamlet, or Place shall be situated, directing him to levy such Penalty upon the respective Goods and Chattels of each and "every Churchwarden and Overseer of the Poor of the Parish, Town,

Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet, or Place so neglecting or making Default, in like Manner and with such Powers and Authorities as the said High Constable is, by a Statute made in the Twelfth Year of te Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

An Act for tfc more easy qffeffing, colie3ing, and levying the County Rates > vetted with for levying on the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor the Sum assessed for the County Rate.

XVI. And be it further en?sted, That every Churchwarden or A&s of the Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of any Parfli, . Committee of Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamiet, or Place in the said JusticesOiaU

f"' /-Mint Tr P/»rfr»n nr P*>rff % nfl shall ar.rl Pnfitlf*d to thr fumr* , e COnfidered t

Purposes,

601

CUrkof Peace (bill deliver in Aqceunt of Keutal vewlj.

Disbursementt, &c. arranged by Committee of Justices.

Committee of Justices shall divide Annual Exjienocs between the Two Divisions.

S3 G.3. c. 3r. 31 C». 3.c. 67. 36 G. 3.C.34,

4 G. 3. C. 55. 14 G.3. c. SK).

C. cxi — cxiii. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

Purposes, as if the said Matter or Thing had been ordered and directed by a General Quarter Sessions, or any Adjournment thereof, under and by virtue of the before recited Act of the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty.

XVII. And be it farther enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace for the said Cci*- y, or his Deputy, shall and he is hereby required, Yearly and every Year, to deliver in to the Justices of the Peace assembled at the Eojter Quarter Sessions to be bolden for the said County, and also to the Treasurer or Treaftirers appointed and to be appointed for each Division of the said County, a Statement in Writing of the S im or Amount of the whole Rental of the said County, as the same shall have been returned, under and by virtue of the hereinbefore recited Act of the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, and of this Act, and also of the component Parts of such Rental, as the same shall have been exiting at the Michaelmas General Quarter Sessions of the Peace next preceding, aiflinguidling the Amount for each Division of the said County; which Statement shall be signed by and verified upon the Oath of the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Disburse-mtnis, Sum and Sums of Money, Charges and Expences whatsoever, of the whole of the said County of Kent, which attach upon or to which a County Rate is by Law liable shall be arranged, adjusted, and settled by the Committee ot Justices so appointed as aforesaid, at their Meeting to be holderi at Sittingbourne* in Manner aforesaid, in proportion to the relative Rentals or each Division of the said County, as the same shall be exiting at the Michaelmas Quarter Sessions of the Peace next preceding such Meeting as atorcfaid; and the Justices so assembled shall make such Order upon the Treasurer of each Division of the said County respectively, to pay to or receive from each other such Sum or Sums of Money as by the said Justices shall be adjudged to be due from or to be paid to either respectively upon settling the Annual General Account at such Meeting up to and including the Easter General Quarter Sessions of the Peace next preceding such Meeting so to be holden at Sittingbourne as aforesaid.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Committee of Justices, so to be aihmbled at Sittingbourne as aforesaid, shall and they are hereby required from such gross Rental and from such relative Rentsls so to be delivered in by the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy as aforesaid, to divide the said Annual Expences between the Two Divisions of the said County, proportionally to such gross Rental and such relative Rentals: Provided always, that no Denominator of a lowsr Value than a Twentieth shall ever be used for the Purpose of ascertaining the said Proportions.

" Expences of Act. $ 20. Publick Act. § 21.

Cap. cxii.

An Act for altering, amending, and enlarging the Powers of several Acts for making and maintaining the Thames and Severn Caoal Navigation. {27th May 1809.]

Cap. cxiii.

An Act for enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present MaJeftyj so far as.-relates to the establishing a Mghtiy Watci»# and

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. cxiii — cxv. 609

for maintaining the Poor within the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the County of Middlesex.

[27th May 1809.]

" Power of making Rates extended from 6d. to lx. in the Pound.

Cap. cxiv.

An Act for buiid: nT a Chapel of Ease in the Town of Worthing, in the County of Sujex.

Cap. cxv.

An Act for amending an Act of the Forty-third Year of Hia pre- 43G. 3. c.lix. sent Majesty, for paving and improving the Town of Worthing, in the County of Sussex, and for building a Market House and establishing a Market in the said Town. _ [27th A/qjp 1809.]

[iV. B. The Ad Cap. cxiv., though intituled as above, is in fad, j An Act for amending an Act of the Forty third Tear, for paving, &e. the Town of Worthing: while on the contrary, the Ad, Cap> cxv., ' though intituled as above, is An Act for building a Chapel of Raft at1 Worthing.]

By Cap cxv. Trustees are appointed for building the Chapel.

XXII. And be it further enacted That the said Chapel and every Chapeltobe Miniiter officiating therein for the Time being, as also the Person or subject to the Persons who shall act as Chapelwarden or Chapel wardenR thereof, (halt ^cc^, a*Vca* be subject in all Rfptdsto the ordinary Ecclesiastical JurisdiAiofl by

Law established; and it shall an 1 may be lawful to and for the Lord, and to be Bishop of Ghichester for the Time bHng, and he is hereby authorized consecrated. and empowered to consecrate the said Chapel, to be for ever thereafter a Chapel of Ease to the Parish Church of Broadwater aforesaid, and Divine Service shall he from Time to Time for ever after performed therein according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England as by Law established, by a perpetual Curate to be nominated and appointed in Manner herein after direcLd; and the said Chapel and the perpetual Curate thereof shall for ever after be subject to the ordinary Jurisdiction and Vibration of the Lord Bishop of Chtchester for the Time being.

XXIII. And hr it further cnrft d, That after the said Chapel Curate to be

shall have been consecrated in Mannrr aforesaid, the Rector of the nominated and said Parish of Broadwater for the Time being is hereby empowered in the

and required to nominate, under his Hand and Stal, to the Lord Chapel.

Bishop of Chichester for the Time being a fit Person being in Priest's

Orders (not being himself the Rector of Broadwater aforesaid), who

shall have taken a Degree in one of the Three UmveHities of Oxford

Cambridge, or Dublin, to be lieenfed to^the perpetual Curacy of the

said Chapel; and upon Occasion of every future Vacancy the said

Rector of the said Parish of Broadwater for the Time being shall,

in like Manner, nominate some ht Person qualified as aforesaid, to

be licensed as aforesaid; and upon Failure of such Nomination the

Right of Nomination for that Term shall hpfe to the Lord Bishop of

Chiehester for the Time being, and to the Metropolitan and to thd

Crown successively, according to the Course ot Law in Cases of dtc-

Rotative Benefices; and the Right of Nomination to the said Chapel

may be sued for and recovered, and the Incumbency thereof shall

ease and be determined, in like Manner as if the Curacy of the said J

Chapel was a prefenutive Vicfcrage and Benefice.'-

49° GEO. III. R r XXtV.

6 jo

No Marriages«Burials allowed in the said Chapel.

RlftifrtlS

allowed.

Trustees empowered to build a new Chu^h.

C. ckv, cxvi* 49° GEO. III. AD. (Sop.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Marriage shall at any Time be solemnized in the said Chapel, nor shall any Corpse be buried in the said Chapel or the Vault thereof, but that the Curate.of the said Chapel for the Time bring may and shall, from Time to Time, baptize all such Children as shall be brought to the said Chapel for that Purpose during the usual Times of performing Divine Service therein; and in order to facilitate Searches for Registries in the said Parish of Broadwater, Entries of all such Children, so baptized ?t the said Chapel, shall be regularly made in a Register to be provided for that Purpose by the Chapelwarden; and the said Curate shall, on the Twenty-fifth Day of larch, the Twenty-fourth Day of June, the Twenty-ninth Day of September, and the Twenty-fish Day of December in every Year, send to the Rtd>r of the said Parish of Broadwater in accurate Copy, signed by him, of all Christenings in the said Chapel done by him the Quarter immediately preceding, and the said Rector or his Curate shall eause the same to be transcribed into a proper Book, to be provided for that Purpose, and to be kept with the Register of the Christenings of the said Parish; and the said Curate may and shall also church a.l Women who may come to the said Chapel for that Purpose.

Cap. cxvL

An Act for building a Church on Gateshead, FelU in the Parish of

Gateshead. " [27th May 1809.]

4t One Acre in Gateshead Fell allotted for the building a Churchs thereon veiled in the Rector, and Trustees appointed for that Pur*

pose, with Reservation of Mines to the Lord of the Manor. § I — 17. (See Cof.cxxxv. of this Session.)

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and required to eause a new Church and Chanoel, with a Piace proper for the administering the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, and also a Tower or Steeple to be built upon the said Piece or Parcel of Ground intended to be veiled in them by this Act, or upon so much thereof as may be proper, according to such Plan or Model, Elevation and Section, of such Dimeniion and Materials, and in such Manner, as they, the said Trustees, shall agree upon and direct at some pub'ic Meeting, <o be particularly called for that Purpose, and in which Plan of the Church and Chancel to be built in pursuance of this Act, the Chancel shall be distinguished in such Manner as the said Trustees, with the Confent and Approbation of the Bishop of Durham. for the Time being, shall direct, and in which Plan no Alteration shall afterwards be made without the Consent of Ten % f the said Trustees at leatt; and in case such Alteration shall in any Manner comprise pr Mate to the Chancel* 6r any Part thereof, then with the Consent of the said Bishop in addition to the Ten Trustees; and the said Trustees shall also in like Manner, set out and appoint the Remainder of the said Piece or Parcel of Ground as and for a Cemetry or Church-yard; and the said Trustees shall eause such Pews, Seats, Galleries, and Conveniences to be made for the Accommodation of the Inhabitants of the said District, called Gateshead Fell, and a Bell or Bells and such Ornaments to be erected and set up, and such pther Matters and' Things to be done, as the said Trustees, flrish.the Consent and Approbation

/JD.i8q9- 49° GEO. III. C.cxvi. 611

probation of the said Bishop, shall direct, in order that the said Church and Chanoel, when completed, finished, and furnished, may be consecrated and set apart for the Celebration of Divine Service, the pub-Ishing of Banns of M'rria£e, the Solemnization of Marriage, the Administration of the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, and the Baptism of Infants, and all other religious Acts, according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England; and the said Building,

Works, Matters, and Things, shall be done by Contract, or otherwise, subject to the inspection and Controul of the Surveyor or Surveyors on the Part of the said Trustees, as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time think proper and most expedient to fulfil the Intention and tffed the Purposes of this Act.

#i Regulations as to setting out the Pews. § 18, 19, 20,

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said new Church and When new Chanoel, shall be completed and finished, ard consecrated, and be Church tob« fit for the Celebration of Divine Service, within Two Years at furthest, comP€te* a ter laying the Foundation thereof; and that from and immediately after the said Church and Chancel shall be finished and consecrated, the same, and the Church Yard belonging thereto, and all and Angular the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments what* soever, within and Parcel of the said District or Trad of Waftc Land called Gateshead Fell, Hull be from thenceforth for ever thereafter fevered and divided from the said Parish of Gatejbead\ and be exempted and discharged from all Dependence thereon, and from all Power, Right, and Authority of the Rector and Parson of the Parish Church of GateJIoead aforesaid, for the Time being; and the said Redory and Church hereby authorized to be built shall be for ever thereafter a distinct and feoarate Redory and Parish Church for the Inhabitants of the said District or Trad of Land, called Gateshead Fell, under the Name and Title of the Redory a^d Parish of " Gateshead Felland together with the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Houfrs, Piaces, and Hereditaments within the said Fell, shall be lor ever thereafter a distinct Parish of itself, and called by the Name of thr Parish of Gateshead Fell$ and the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Gateshead Fell shall be for tver thereafter discharged and exempted of and from the Cure of Souls, Power, and Authority of the Rc&or and Parson of the Parish Church of Gateshead aforesaid, and the Rector and Parson of the same Parish Church of Gateshead shall be from thenceforth for ever exonerated and discharged from the Cure of Souls of the Inhabitants of the fa; d Parish of Gateshead Fell.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said new Church and ThentwChurch Chanoel, with the Church Yard or Ceqietry thereof, (subject to the m* Reservation hereinbefore contained*, to or in Favour of the Lord e or* of the said Manor of Gateshead for the Time being, and his Lessee and LtfTees, and his, her, and their Executors, Administrators, and Wles, Affi^ns), shall from and immediately after the Confecrarion thereof, and from and thenceforth for ever thereafter, be veiled in the Rector of the same Church, and his Successors, Redors thereof, for the Time being, the Statutes of Mortmain, or any other Laws or Statutes to the contrary notwithstanding; and that Divine Service ac- Divine Service, cording to the Usage of the Church of England, Banns of Marriage, Marriage, &c. the Solemnization of Marriage, the Administration of the Sacrament

of the Lord's Supper and Baptiftn, Burials, and all other Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England shall and may be performed,

R r 2 pubhfhcdj

6l2

Bell*, &c. vrfled in Churchwardens*

Land may be given to the new Reflory for Glebe.

Laws concerning the Clergy extended to the Ke&ories.

300, . 3. C. 45. 39 G.3.C. u.

Penalty oo

deli roving Works.

C.cxvi — cxviii. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

published, celebrated, solemnized, and administered from Time to Time, and at all Times thereafter, in the said new Church, Chanoel, and Church Yard respectively; and that the Churchwardens for the Time bring of the fa; d new Church, shall be invested with the Bells, Ornaments, Furniture, Books, Piatei Goods, and Chattels of the said new Church.

" No Burials shall be in the said new Church, nor in the Church Yard within Twelve Feet of the Church Walls. § 23. Tithes, &c. an« neved to the said Parish Church of Gateshead Fell. § 24. Ri/ht u of Presentation in the B fh>p of Durham. § 25. Act not to affect' " the Division of the Parish of Gateshead into Townships. § 26. " Gatjhead Fell deemed a diliind Bmence. § 27.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, or any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, at any Time or Times hereafter, to give, devise, grant, demise, or convey, to or for the life of, or in trufl for the Rector or P.trion, for the Time being, of the said Rrdory of Gateshead Felly and his Successors, any Quantity of Land, not exceeaing in the whole Ten Acres, to be the Glebe belonging to the same Rector and Parson, and his Successors, whereupon a Parsonage House, shall or rmy be built or erected by the same Rector and Parson, and his Successors, without any Licence to take or purchase in Mortmain, and notwithstandingany Law, Statute, Custom, or other Impediments, or DiL ability whatever.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That a'l the Laws of this Realm, concerning Redories, Parish Churches, Redors, Clergy, Churchwardens, and other Clerical and Parochial Offices, in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain called England, {had be in full Force and have Effid and Operation in all Rdoeds in regard to the said Redory, Patish, and Parish Church.of Gateshead Fell, io like Manner, as if the same had been originally and previously to the making and passin? of the same Laws^nd Statutes a separate and diltind Redory, Par: fh, and Parish Church (except as otherwise directed and especially enacted by this Act.)

Application of Monies raised, § jO; . &c. Pifblick Ad.

Cap. cxvii.

An Act to amend and render more effectual Two Acts for the* Maintenance and Support of the Pier and Harbour, and paving and lighting the Town of Margate, in the County of Kent,

[27th May 1809 1 [Dutiesgranted on Shipping, and on Goods imparted and exported

Cap. cxviii.

An Act for better {applying with Water the Borough of Tortfmouib, and the Parishes of Portsmouth and Portseay and Places adjacent, in the County of Southampton.

[27th May 1809.]

LXVIII. And be ic further enacted, That if any Person or P.-rfons shall knowingly, wilfully, or maliciously break, throw down, damage, or destroy any Banks or other Works erected, made, or maintained by virtue of this Act, then and iu every such Case every such Person

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. cxviii — cxx. <613

shall be judged guilty of Felohy, and the Court by and before.whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted shall hate Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be transported for the Term of Sevtn Years, or such Court may award any other Sentence as the Law dirt&s in Cases of Petit Larceny.

Cap. cxix.

An Act for effecting the Drainage and Imorovement of the L*nJs See former Act and Grounds lying in the late Great Common in Sutton Saint 27G. 2.C.19. Edmund s, within the Parish of Sutton Saint Mary otherwise Long t Sutton, in the County of Lincoln ai, d for authorizing the Drainage and Improvement of tie L?nds and Grounds lying in the late Little Common in Sutton Saint Edmund's aforesaid.

[27th May 1809 ]

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons PnnHhing shall at any Time hereafter wilfully and maliciously destroy or i jure Persons df stroy-aoy Mill, Engine* Bridge, Floodgate, Tunnel, Sluice, Doors, Banks,: , 5 Works, or other Works which fhdl at any Time be making or eresting, or made, erested, or used by or under the Authority of the said Commissioners for the Drainage and Improvement of the said Lands and Grounds, or any of them, and shall be thereof convicted on the O th of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or on Confession of the Party or Partin so offending, at any Afftzes or General Quarter Srflions of the Peace to be holden ip and for the County, lJle, Jurisdiction, Parts, or Division where the Offeoce shall be committed, every such Person shall be adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and shall be transported for the Term of S&ven Years, ?r shall otherwise be punished as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny.

Cap. cxx.

An Act for embanking, inclosing, and draining Lands within the

Parish of Fri/keney, in the County of Lincoln..[27th May 1809.]]

LIX. 4 And, for preventing the breaking down, destroying qr*damaging ar.y of the Works which shall be made or altered inpur- daujaeingany fuance of this Act» or otherwise obllrufting the Execution pt tl\e Wo*k«, br same be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times hereafter wilfully or maliciously demoli(h> pull Act, "

*down, break, spoil or otherwise destroy any Drain, Bank, OWfet, '

Sluice, Gowtj Clough, Bridge, Tunnel or other Works, which ihail

at any Time or Times hereafter be made or erected for the Pur-

fpofes of this Act, all and every Person or Persons so offending,

being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be iubjeift and liable to the

like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony; and the Court by

and before whom such Person or persons shall be tried and convicted

shall have Power and Authority to caofe , such Person or Persons tp

be puni(l\ed in such Manner as Felons are .$rested, to be punished.by

the Laws and Statutes of this Pea!m, or the Court.may and

hereby empowered, if they shall think fit, in Mitigation of such

Punishment, to aw^rd and uqpofe fuqh Fine pr Impriiopiiiejit as facty

Court shall judge-.expedient. f

R r 3 Gtt£.

C. cxxi — cxxiii.

A'D.iSopw

tnG. 5. e. 41. 30 G. 3. c. 68.

Recital of Stat. 17 G. 3. c.26. 47 G, 3. ft. 1. c. xxx4 and 47 G.a.ft.a. c.lxxxvii. — Grants and Memorials of Annuities, granted to the Globe Insurance Company shall be sufficient, if f'xprefled to be for the I benefit of the Company; as if the Names of all the Members were specified.

49° GEO. III.

Cap. cxxi.

An Act for making, and keeping in Repair a Road or Passage for Horses on the Banks of the River Severn, between a certain Pace at Coalbrcoke Dale to and above the JYelJh Bridge in the Town of Shrewsbury. in the County of Salop, for hauling and drawing Vessels along the said River.

[27th May 1809.]

Cap. cxxii.

An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty, for better supplying the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County of York, with Water, and for more effectually lighting and cleansing the Streets and other Places within the said Town and Neighbourhood, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for erecting a Court House and Prison for the Borough of Leeds) and for widening and improving the Streets and Passages in the said Town.

[27th May 1809.]

Cap. cxxiii.

An Act to alter and explain Two Acts to enable the Globe Insurance Company to sue in the Name of their Treasurer, and to inrol Annuities.

[27th May 1809.]

And Whereas Doubts have arisen whether the said recited Acts of

the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty are in all Refptfts etteftual for the Purposes for which the same were intended

wherefore, for obviating and removing such Doubts/ May it please Your Majesty, That it may be en'^sted, and be it enacted, and declared by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this pefent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and immediately after tht passing of this Act, in all Agreements, Covenants. Contracts, Bonds, Obligations, Warrants, Judgments, Grants, Charges, Surrenders, Fines, Recoveries, Conveyances, and other AiTurances whaifotver, by which any An^ nuity or yearly Rent hath been, or shall be sold, limited, or otherwise allured to, or in trust for, or for the Benefit of the said Society or Partnership called* The Globe Insurance Company or to any Person or Persons acting for, or on the Behalf of the said Society or Partnership, or by which any Annuity or yearly Rent hath been* or shall be granted, fold, limited. or otherwise allured by the said Society or Partnership, called "The Globe Insurance Company, " or by any Person or Persons acting for, or on the Behalf of the said Society or Partnership; and in all Memorials of the said AiTurances respectively, the Names of the Members of the said Society or Partnership, and of all the Persons interested in the same, or acting on the Part or Behalf of the said Members, or other Persons, or any of them, or for whom they or any of them are Trustees, shall, for all the Purposes of the said Act of the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, be considertd to be sufficietitly mentioned, cx-Jpressed, and Contained within the Provisions of the said Act of the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His phrfent Majesty, and the tnie latent and Meaning of the same, iff in the AiTurances or any one of

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C.cxxni — cxxvii. 61 j

the Assurances, by which such Annuities or Rents respectively shall be sold and secured, and in the Memorials of the same respectively, it is or shall be expressed, or appears, or shall appear, that the Annuity or yearly Rent so granted, fold, limited or otherwise allured, is thereby granted, fold, limited, or otherwise allured by the said Society or Partnership, or to or for the Benefit of the said Society or Partnership as the Case may be, and that the Consideration for the same is paid, advanced, or given to, or by, or on the Behalf, or on the Account of the said Society or Partnership, as the Case roay be 5 and thereupon, (the other Requisites of the said Act of the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty being complied with), the said Deeds and Allurances, and the Memorials of the fafie shall be as valid, and effectual, to all Intents, Effects, Conftruftione, and Purposes w liar soever, as if the Names of all the Members of the said Society or Partnership, and of all the Persons ioterefted in the said Society or Partnership, or represented by them, or for, or on the Behalf of whom they, or any of them have acted, or been Trustees, or paid or advanced, or given the Money, or other Consideration for the said Annuities, or shall act or be Trustees, or pay or advance, of give the Money or other Consideration for the said Annuities, were llated in the said Allurances and Memorials respectively, in the Manner prescribed by the said Act.

<r Provisions of this Act extended to the Company, whether composed* of the present or future Members, § 2. This Act shall not mcor-iC poratethe Society, §3. Publick Act § 4.

Cap. cxxiv.

An Act to alter and explain Two Acts for enabling the Pelican Life 47 G. 3. ft. 1, insurnace Company to sue in the Name of their Secretary, and c.xxxiii. to inrol Annuities.

[27th May 1809.]

[See Cap. cxxiii. of this Session.-\

Cap. exxv.

An Act to alter and explain Two Acts for enabling the Albion 47 G. 3. ft. t. Fire and Life insurnace Company to sue in the Name of their «.». Secretary, and to enrol Annuities.

[27th May 1809.]

Cap. cxxiii. of this SeJ/um.]

Cap. exxvi.

An Act for widening and altering Ottfe Bridge over the River Oufey and Foss Bridge over the River Fofst in the City of York; for widening, raising, and improving certain Streets, Lanes, and Passages leading and near to the said Bridges; and for making certain other Improvements in th« said City.

[27th May 1809.]

Cap. cxxvii.

An Act for consolidating and Uniting the Powers of several Acts 94 49,

passed for amending several Roads near the Borough of Ashburt&i 1 G. 3, c. 34. and the Town of Newton Bujheil, and from or near the North 16G.3.C. 79. Side of the Town of Totnefs towards Ashburton aforesaid, for building 4* 3*c*jj

Bridge across the River Dart, at or near a Place called Emmett, in

r 4 the 43 G.a*e

6i6

Q. cxxvii — c*xxiv. 490 Geo. III. A.D. 1809U

the County of Devon, and for amending and improving the said fevcrai Roads. (b) [2.7th May 1809.]

Cap. cxxviii.

42 G. 3. c. bull. An Act for continuing, explaining, and amending an Act passed in the Forty-fecorid Year of His preLnt Majesty, for repairing and improving the Roads leading from ihe Stouts fend in Kent Street9 in the Parish of Saint George Southwark, to Darlford, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Kent and' Surrey. (a)

[27th M. y 1809.]

Cap. cxxix.

An Act for inclosing , Lands in the Parish of Bettws-dlergele, in the County of Denbigh. (q.P.) [27th May 1809.]

Allotment to the King in Satisfaction and Extinction of his Rights " in the 22..Extract of the Award rofpefting such Alloment

M to be traofmitted to the Surveyor-General of the Lund Revenue of u the Crown* j 28. Surveyor General may fell the King'* Allot.

mentP.^35V Saving of the King's Rights as to Mines, Seignories V and Royalties. § 44, 45*1

'Cap.. exxx.

An Act for inclof rg Lands in the Parish of Caerwys, in the County of Flint. (q.P.)^[27^/^1829.3

" Like Allotments to the King, and like Provisions as to his Rights u as in Cap. cxxix.

Cap. cxxxi.

An Act for inclosing Lands, in the parish of Eaton, in the County.. . r of JKuttmghqm. (q.P.)v- [27th May 1809.]

" AUotm^n^s gpd Cs^penfetfipn so lieurof Tithes, § 21, &c.

Cap. qtxxi*.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Woodstone, in the County of Huntingdon. (q.P.) [27th May 1809.]

\ & So^iteftkingtCon^enfationfor Tfthesi § 21, &c.

r Cap. cxxxiiy.

An Act for inclosing Lao.&s , in [the Parish of fling's Clijfe, in the County of Northampton. (q.P.) [27th Tlfoy 1809.]

( Allotments and Compensation for tithes, § 12, &c\ Allotment to the qs Ipord qfjfce Itfappr of King9's Cliff*. § 16 Extract of Aw^rd xo trapfinitt^d to Surveyor?General's Office, §35. Savipg for the Rjgh$ of Paftu*e for J)ee/ kept in the Fore it

of Racjihigham, apd jiie Right, of hunting IW»<§ 38.

j

Cap. cxxxiv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Totfnship of Cadeby and Parish of Spotb&roughy in the County of (q. P<)'[ayth May tBo9.'3

& Allotment to His Majesty as Lord df the JJopour of Xiclbill, § 12, 41 and for certain Chief Rents, J 25.

I Qap.

AJ3.1609. 49° GEO. III. C.'cxxxv — cxxxlx. fftuj

Cap. cxxx*.

An Act for iticldSng Lands in the Parish of Gcitejlsead, in the County of Durham. (q.P.) [zjtn May 1809.]

Cap. cx£xvi.

An Act for iivcloOng Lands in the Parish of Glatton-with-Holme, in the County of Huntingdon* (q.P.) [27th May 1809.]

' " Allotment and Compensation for Tithes, § 20.

Cap. cxxxvii.

An Act for the Application of the Purch?fe Money of certain Lands, 4Cq. 3.C.105.

taken from the Pbffeffions of t'ne See cr Windhejlcr, under the Pro-. visions of an Act of the Frty-fixTh Yeir of Hh present Majesty, intituled, An Act for* 'vejting certain Messuages, Lands. Tenements,

Qnd Hereditaments inJ rujlees, for belter securing His Majesty's Docks,

Ships, and Stores at Portimouth, and for extending the Works and Lines at Dover* Cdd J 809#

Cap cx^xviii.

An Act for enabling the Kennet and Avon Canal Company to raise a 34 G. 3. e. 90. fqfftcieot Sum of Money to complete the said Canal, and for 36G. 3.c. 44. amending the several Acts for making the same, [3d June 1809.] 33 G'3'

45 G. 3. c.beau

Cap. cxxxipc.

An Act for erecting a new Gaol and House of Correction, and oq«r Courts of Justice, in and for the County Palatine of Durham, and purchasing proper Seizes for the same; and for dispoting of the old Gaol and House of Correction and CourtR ot Jo dice there; and making an qqpal County.Rate for those Purposes.

[3d June 1809.]

XLI. And be it. further enaftsd, That if 'any* Person or P Yfon* pun; ftiin?

shall wilfully and maliciously break, pull down, or in any Mu ner persons damage damage or destroy t^.c laid jQaol, House of Correction, and Court in? Gourt Houses or Buddings, so to be respectively erected and built, repaired, Houses, Gaol, maintained, supported provided, or purchased as aforefa'd, or any of \hem, or any Part or Part- thereof respectively, or any ol the Appurtenances thereunto belonging, fuqh Person or Persons being lawfully c6nvift*rd thereof shall be adjad red guilty of Felony, and the Court before'whom such Person or Persons shall be tried, shall have full Power and Authority either to order such Person or Persons to be transported for the Term of ^. ven Years, ' to such Place, and in such Manner as other Fcloqs are directed to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, or to suffer such Corporal Punishmeet, or be punished by Fine, Imprisonm nt, or otherwise, as to the Court before whom such Person or Persons is or are so tried shall feetn proper to order or in did; and the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Durham assembled in their General Quarter Sessions, or atapy Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, or the major Part of them, are hereby authorized, from Time to Time, to order such (Offender or Offenders as aforesaid to be prosecuted , by Indictment or fndiftments at the Assizes for the County of Durham, and to dir^ft the Expenses bf such Prosecutions to be paid by the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said County for the Time being, out of the Publick

C. cxxxlx — cilu. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

Stock and General County Rates of and for the said County; and in every such Indictment or Indictments, such Gaol, House of Correction, and Court House or Court Houses, or other Building or Buildings, shall respectively be alledged and described, and deemed and taken to be the Gaol, House of Correction, and Court House or Court Housea, or Building or Buildings respectively (as the C»fe may happen) of " The Justices of the Peace for the County of Dur-ham" without particularly dating or specifyiag the Name or Names of all or any of the said JusticeF.

Cap. cxi.

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and otherwise improving the Streets and other rubiick Passages and Places in the Town and Borough of Ofwtflry, in the County of Salop*

[3d June iSop.]

Cap. cxli.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parish of Merthyr Tidjll, and other Places therein mentioned, in the Counties ot Glamorgan, Brecon, and Monmouth.

[3 1809.]

[JuriftRSion 5/. No Privilege to Attornies 3

frnaky on Mbroyiag Woib, &c. Ftfejqf.

T^at tht Bsictge jftaJEE b«r deemwf mWiB M ld-lfclex and

Cap. cxlH.

An Act for building a Bridge across the River Thames, from or near Fauxhall T urn pike, in the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Saint John* in the Oty and Liberty of Westminster, and County of Middlesex, and for making convenient Roads thereto.

[3d June 1809.]

w Vauxhall Bridge Company incorporated; empowered to raise 44 200, coo/. additional it necessary; 30, 000l. Sterling to be inverted in the 3 per Cents. for the Purports of the Ad before any Lands shall be purchased, or Works begun.

CXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Perfcm or Perfoos shaft wilfully and maliciously, and to the Prejudice of the said Undertaking, break, throw down or destroy any of the Works to be erected and made by virtue of this Act, every such Person shall be judged guilty of Felony, and every such Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject to the like Punish* ments and Penalties as in Cases erf Felony; and the Court by or before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in like fanner as Felons are dirtded to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Reaitrr; or in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Court may award such Sentence as the Law dirt&s in Cases of Petty Larceny.

CXX. 4 And, «r order to remove all Doubts where and beforf whom Offences commuted on the said Bridge shall and may be

cognizable, and how and by whom the Offenders in such Cases

may be punished; Be it further enacted, That the Half of the said Bridge, wlun buiit, next adjoining to the City and Liberty

A.D. iSo9« 49° GEO. III., TC. cxlil — cxlvi. 6tp

of Westminster, shall be (kerned to be in the City and Liberty of Westminster and County of Middle fix, and Part of and in the Parish of Saint John Westminster, and the other Half of the said Bridge adjoining to the County of Surrey, shall be deemed to be in the said County of Surrey, and Part of and in the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth, but such Bridge shall not be deemed or taken to be a County Bridge, so at to subject the said City or Liberty of West* ninjtcr or Counties of Middlesex or Surrey» or any of the Pariflvet or Places herein-before mentioned, or either of them, to the repairing or supporting of the fams9 or any of the Roads herein directed to be made as aforesaid.

Cap. cxliii.

An Act for taking down and re-building the Whole or Part of a certain Bridge called Wallingford Bridge, in the Borough of WaJ-ling ford, rn the County of Berks % and for opening* widening, and improving the Atenues or Approaches to the said Bridge.

[3d June 1809.]

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Penalty on

shall wilfully and raaliciously blow up, pull down* or destroy the said Persons iujiaaqg

Bridge, or the said temporary Bridge, or any Part thereof respectively

for any Toll House or Tollgate to be erected or set up upon or near

the said Bridges or either of them, or any of the Works, Buildings,

or Erections made in pursuance of this Act. or cause or procure or

+direct the same to be done, every Person so offending, on being convicted thereof, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and the Court before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be transported for the Term of Seven Years, or may, in mitigation of such Punishment, pronounce such Sentence as the Law directs in cases of Petit Larceny.

Cap. cxliv.

An Act for taking down and re-building certain Parts of North Bridge and Tick ford Bridge, in the Parities of Newport Pagnell and Lath-hitryf in the County of Buckingham, and for widening and making more commodious the said Bridges* and the Approaches thereto.

[34 June 1809.]

Cap. cxlv.

An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road from Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford to Abbots Bromley, and from; Bagots Bromley to the present Turnpike Road at or near Shirley Wichi in the utid County. (b) [3d June 1809.]

Cap. cxlvi.

An Act for enlarging the Terra and Powers of an Act of His as (B.p.c. 109. present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Carmarthen to Lampeter font JUphen, in the County of Cardigan, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned, so far as the same relate to the Carmarthen Dill rift of Roads, and for consolidating in the same Act and Trust certain other Roads in the said County of Carmarthen. (c)

£3<1 June 1809.]

C.r-cxlvii-cllv, 49° GEO. III. A.B. itop.

Cap. cxlvii.

An Act for making and repairing a Road from Soho Hill, in the Parish of Handfworfh, to the WalfallTurnpike 'Road, on the Northern Side of Hamjlead Bridge; and also another Road from Brown's Green to a House called The Friary, all in the County of Stafford. (5)

[3d 1809.1

Cap. cxlviii.

A<5 for yelling the settled and other Estates of Pierson Foote. Esquire, in the Parish of Caijloci!*, in the Qounty of Cornwall in Trudtes upon trust, to fell and to stand possessed of the Money arising from the Sale thereof, upon the Trusts therein mentioned, (q. P*.) [3d June 1809, ]

Cap. c*lix.

An Act for enabling the Minister. and , Churchwardens of the Parish of AlUxailo'ivf Barkirg, in the pity of fondon? to grant a Lease of certain L-fiates belonging to the same Parish, pursuant to an Agreement ei^ered into for.that Purpose (q* P, )

[June 1809.]

Cap. cl.

An Act for inclosing Land&mthe Hamfet and Chop^Iry of Wheatley, in the Parish of Cuddefdew,; in the County of Oxford. (q.P.)

[3d June 1809 }

" Allotments ana tSmpensation for Tithes. $ 23.

Cap. cli.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish Hayes, in the County of Middlesex, and for, extj^gtiishing the TUbcs in the said Parish.

(q.P) ' [3d ISO*}

" Compensations for Tithes by Corn Rents. § 20, &c.

Cap. clii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Maxey with Deep-ingate, Northborovghi Glintoa with Peakirk, Etthn, and Keifstone, m, the County of Northampton. (q.P.) [3d June 1809.]

u Allotments and Compensations in lieu of Tithes. § 22, &c.

Cap. cliii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Shctbdon, Ayrnflrcy* and Lingeu, in the County of Hereford, and for exfciugu'shing Tithes in those Parishes. (q.P.) [3d June 1809.]

Compensation for Tithes-by Corn Rents. § 19, &c.

Cap. cliv*.

An Act for inclosing Goring Common, or Goring Heath, and certain Waste Lands, in the Parish of Goring, in the County of Oxford. (q.P.) # [3d June 1&9.]

" Allotment for Tithes, § 23, &c.

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. clvydvi*

Cap. civ.

An Act for continuing*the Term of, and altering and amending an Act, passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing two A&9 of His late Majesty, for the Regulation of Lastage and Ballastage in the River Thames, and to make more effectual Regulations relating thereto. £ioth June 1809.]

Cap. clvi.

An Act to alter and amend fev-ral Acts passed in the Fortieth Forty-fourth, Forty-fifth, Forty-sixth, and Forty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, B-.fons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, an.i Revenue, within the Port of London, and for other the Ptirposes therein mentioned relating thereto, and to enlarge the Powet-s and Authorities by the said Acts granted to the London Dock Company. fioth June 1809.]

Thirteen Directors empowered to m?.ke Contrafts for purchasing Houses, &c. § 1. Conveyance by Feme Coverts, &c. valid. §2. " All Messuages, &c. purchased, veiled in the London Dock Company. § 3. Contrafts made before the pailLig of this Act declared " valid. § Power to fell, let, or demile P-emifes. § g.

VI. And Whereas divers Obstructior.s have been given to Constables, Watchmen, and other Persons appointed by the said Company in the Exercise of their Duty Be'it therefore further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall at any Time hereafter in any Way obstruct, or be aiding or abetting any other Person oY Persons in obstructing in the Execution of his Duly or Employment, any Constable, Watchman, or other Person thereto appointed by, or having instructions in Writing in that Behalf from the Directors of the said Company, or from the Superintendant jof the said Docks or from the Dock Mailers, or One of the Dock Mailers of the said Company for the Time being, from or in going on board, or entering into or upon, or being in or upon any Ship, Vessel, Ligliter, Boat, or other Craft, for the Purpose of searching for or extinguishing any Fire. Candle, or Light being orfufpefted to be therein*contrary to any Provision contained in any of the said recited Acts, or this Act, or contrary to any Order, Rule, or Regulation made by virtue of any of the said recited Acts or this Act, or for the Purpose of discovering any Theft or Embezzlement committed or fufptfted to have been committed in or about such Ship, Vessel, Ligliter, Boar, or other Craft, or for the Purpose of quelling any Riot or Dillurbance therein, or for any other Purpose authorized by any of the said recited Act* or this Act, or by any such Order, Rule, or Regulation as aforesaid, every Person so offending shall for every (such Offence forfeit and pay a Penalty not exceeding Five Pound?, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom the Person or Persons so offending shall be convicted, such Penalty or Penalties to be recovered by Diilrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, in like Manner as other Penalties created by any of the said recited Acts; and if any Dog or Dojs shall at any such Time be found loose on board any such Ship, Vessel, Ligliter, Boat, or other Craft, contrary to any such Order, Rule, or Regulation or instructions, as shall be made in that Behalf

6xr

45 G. 3. c.xcvSi.

Until the First Day ef August 1320* &c.

39 & 40 G.S. c. xivii.

G. 3. c. 100.

G. S.ceiil

45 G. 3. c. Ivin.

46 G. 3. c*. lnu

47 G.3.ft.2.c.v<r

Penalties on Persons obstructir^ Constables, &c, in going on board Ships or Vessels in the Docks, &c.

c.clvi. 4$>6 GEO. III A.fi.x8o9»

by the Directors of the said Comjpany, or by the Superintendant of the said Docks, or by the Dock Matters of the said Company, or any One of them, for the Time being1, as herein-before mentioned, the Matter or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, and the Person or Persons having the Charge of such Ligliter, Boat, or other Craft, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, to be re* covered in Manner as aforesaid.

VII. And Whereas farther Powers and Provisions are found to be necessary respecting the keeping of Fire*, Candies and Lamps on

board Ships and other Veffcb in the said Docks; Be it further enacted, That no Person whomsoever shall have or keep, or cause to be h&d or kept any Fire, Candle or Lamp lighted, on board aay Ship or other Vessel within the Docks or other Works of the said Company, at any Time or Times after the Hour of Four in the Evening, nor before the Hour of Seven in the Morning, between the Twenty-ninth Day of September and the Twenty sixth D*y of March in every Year, nor before the Hour of Five in the Morning between the Twenty-fifth Day of March and the Thirtieth Day of September in every Year, nor on board any Ship or other Vessel within the Docks or other Works of the said Company, having on board the same any Tar, Pitch, Rosin, Hemp, Flax, Faggots, Furze, Brandy or other Spirituous Liquors, Turpentine, Oil, Hay, Straw, Tallow, Grease, Shavings of Wood, or Combuttible Matter whatsoever of any Kind during any Part of the Time which such Ship or other Vessel shall he actually delivering or taking in her Cargo, upon pain of forfeiting for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pound?, to be recovered as aforesaid, unless the having of such Fire, Candle, or Lamp so lighted, shall be with the Permission in Writing of the Pire&ors of the said Company, or of the Superintendant of the said Docks, or of the Dock Matter?, or One of the Dock Matters of the said Company for the Time being for that Purpose first had and obtained.

VIII. And Whereas by the said Act passed in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, it is enacted, That in case the Owner, Matter, Pilot, Servant or other Person having the

Care of any Ship or other Vessel, shall refuse or neglect to moor, unmoor, move or remove the same, according to the Direction of the Dock Matter or Dock Matters of the said Company, within Twelve Hours after Notice to him or them given in Writing, or left with fomc Person or Persons on board the said Ship or Vessel for that Purpose, that then it should be lawful for the said Dock Matter or Dock Matters, or his or their Afliilaots, and 1 e or they were by the said Act required to moor, unmoor, move, or remove such Ship or Vessel, and the Charges and Expences thereof respectively were thereby diri&ed to be repaid, together with the Sum of* Ten Pounds for each Offence, by the Matter or Owner of such Ship or Vessel, and to be recovered or paid over in the Manner therein mentionea; and in case any Matter, Commander, Mate, Pilot, or other Person or Persons having the Command of any Ship or other Vessel, or the Owner, Agent, Consignt*, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, should obllru& or hinder the mooring, unmooring, moving, or removing of any Ship or other Vessel, such Person or Persons lhouid for every such Oifcuce forfeit the Sum of

62 J.

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. clvi.

Ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied as therein mentioned 1 4 And Whereas the said Time of Twelve Hours after such Notice as

a fore fat d, allowed by the said Act for complying with such Directioit of the Dock Matter or Dock Matters as aforesaid, has been found by Experience to be inconvenientBeit therefore further enacted, Removal of That from and after the patting of this Act, the said several Provi- Ships, &c. fall fions, Penalties, Matters, ar.d Things in the said Act contained, shall be made within attach and take cffed after One Hour from the Time of such Notice One Hour alter being given as -aforesaid, in the same Manner to all Intents and Pur- n^yT poses as the same attach and take tffett by virtue of the said Act,

after Twelve Hours from the Time of such Notice being given as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Pe- Treasurermvy nalty or Penalties, Forfeiture or Forfeitures imposed by any of the make Demand said recited Act* or this Act is or are made recoverable after the same for Panalua*. shall be demanded, it shall and may be lawful for the Treasurer of

the said Company for the Time being, or any Person or Persons by him authorized in Writing under his Hand for that Purpose, to make filer* Demand; and all Demands so made shall be deemed good and fuffhient to all InteHts and Purposesj any Thing to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

X. And Whereas by the said Act passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, it is enacted, That all Penal-r ties and Forfeitures by the said Act imposed, concerning which no particular Directioft had been therein already given, should, if the

fame should not be paid within Fourteen Days after the same should 4 b« demanded, be recovered and levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and S^als of any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, which Warrant they were thereby empowered and required to grant upon the Information of One or more credible Witnessea upon Orth before them made, which Oath they were thereby empowered to administer; and in case no such Distress as aforesaid could be had, then it should be lawful for the said Two or more Justices, by like Warrant or Warrants, to commit the Party or Parties offending to the Common Gaol of the County of Middlesex or House of C rredioo, for the Space of Ten Days, without Bail or Mainprize, or for any less Time at the Discretion of such Justices, unitfs the said Penalties and Charges should be sooner paid and fadsfied: And Whereas the said Powers and Provisions have been extended to the said other recited Acts: And Whereas it is expedient that in certain Cases the said Powers should be given

to Oae Justice of the Peace; Be it therefore further enacted, That Penalties not all Penalties and Forfeitures, not exceeding Ten Pounds, imposed by seeding id. any of the said recited Acts or this A d, concerning which no particular Direction hath been given, may be recovered and levied in the Manner and Form directed by the said j^ct passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign as aforesaid, before and by One Justice of the Peace for the County of Middlesex; and all the said Powers and Provtfions therein given and made to, and respecting Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County, as well re-la ng to the Recovering, Levying, Distribution, and Mitigation of Penalties and Forfeitures, as resptding the Commitment of any Party or Parties attending, and also the Form of Conviction in the said

624 C. clvi«- — clviii. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

Buildings within surrounding Walls of the Docks shall not be subject to Provisions of 14 G.3. c. 78.

Act mentioned, shall and may be used, exerciffcd and put iri force by One Justice of the Peace for the said County; any Thing herein or therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And Whereas in pursuance of the said Act passed in the

Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty* the Directors of the said London Dock Company have made a Dock to be used for

the unloading of Ships, together with Quays, and other Building9 4 upon or near the Banks thereof, within the several Pirilhes in the County of Middlesex mentioned in the said Act of the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, and have furrounaed and inclosed the same by a strong and durable Wall not less than Twenty Feet high on all Sides, according to the Directions of the said Act, and such Wall is not built within Thirty Feet of any surrounding Buildings or the Margin or Boundary of any Ground occupied by Buildings And Whereas it is provided by the said Act that no House or other Building shall be erected on the outside of the said Wall, nor any Building suffered to remain Handing within Thirty Feet therefrom, which Provision hath been complied with, and various other Precautions have been taken in erecting the Buildings of the said Company to prevent Mifchief by Fire; Be it further enacted, Tdat from and after the passing of this Act, the several Rules and Regulations contained in a certain Act of Parliament, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further and better Regulation of Buildings and Party Walls, an A for the more effectually preventing Mischiefs by Fire within the Cities of London and We'tmmller, and the Liberties thereof, and other the Parishes9 Precincts, and Places within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the Parishes of Saint Marylebone, Paddington, Saint Pancras and Saint Luke Chelsea in the County of Middldex, and for indemnifying under certain Conditions, Builders and other Persons against the Penalties to which they are or may be liable for ereBing Buildings within the Limits aforesaid, contrary to Law, shall not extend or be conllrucd to extend to any Buildings of the said Company erected or to be ercdled within (he said Wall, ty virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act.

Powers, &c. of former Acts extended to this Act. § 12. Act shall not compel Parties to fell. § 13. Publick Act. § 14.

Cap. clvii.

sG. 1. An Act for amending an Act for better supplying the City and Liberties of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, with Water, and for enlarging the Powers thereof.

[10th June 1809.]

Governor and Company of Chelsea Water Works allowed, with Leave of the Corporation of London, to cut the Bank of the River Thames below Low Water Mark, and lay Pipes therein. § l» See.

Cap. clviii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road from* the Summit of the Hill above Churchway Engine, in the Forest of Dean, in the County of Gloucester % to a certain Place in the said Forest called Cinderford Bridge. fioth June 1809.]

[The Bullo Pill Railway Company incorporated.]

xxxv.

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. dviii — clxii. 625

XXXV, And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wil- Penalty oa fully, maliciously, and to the Prejudice of the said Undertaking, break, throw down, destroy, deal, or take away any Part of the said*g,' Railway or Tram-Road, or other Works to be erected and made by

virtue of this A A every Person so offending and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony 5 aitd^he Court by and before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, shall have Powtr and Authority to cause such Persons to be punished in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws or Statutes of this Realm, or in Mitigation of such Punishment such Courts may, if th-y shall think fit, award such Sentence as the Law directs in cases of Petit Larceny.

Cap. clix.

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from the River fVye, at or near to a P4ace called LidSreoi, in the Parish of Ruardean % in the County of Glmiceftery to or near to a Place called the Lower Forget below Newern, in the Parish of Lydney, in the said County, and for making other Railways therein mentioned in the Forest of Dearit in the County of Gloucester.

[10th June 1809.]

[The Lydney and Lidbrook Railway Company incorporated.]

LXXXIX. And be it. further enacted, That if any Person shall Penalty on Per-wilfully, maliciously, and to the Prejudice of the said Undertaking, damaging break, throw down, destroy, steal or take away any Part of the said pJgnv^&c C* Railways, or other Works to be crested and made by virtue of this "

Act, every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted,

shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony; and the Court by and before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punidied by the Laws or Statutes of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, or in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Courts may, if they shall think fit, award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny: Provided, that nothing herein contained shall extend to any Owner of Land, or his or her known Agent or Agents, till Satkfaftion shall have been tendered as herein provided.

Cap. clx.

An Act to continue and amend several Acts for repairing Roads in Former Act* the County of Dumfries, and converting the Statute Labour within 38 G.3. c. lx. the said County into Money, (a) [rorh^iwe 1809.] 41 G.a. c.xlix.

all repealed.

Cap. clxi.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Power? of several Acts of His 29 G. 2.0, 56. late and present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Mead Brook, 2 G. 3. c. 74. in the County of Gloucester, to Christian MaJford Bridge, in the 27 G. 3. c. $8. County of Wilts, and other Places therein mentioned, and for extending the said Road to the Centre of Christian Malford Bridge. (h) [10th June 1809.]

Cap. clxii.

An Act for the Exchange of Part of the Settled Estates of the Earl of Guilford, and for the Sale of other Part, to discharge a Mortgage thereon, and for other Purposes. (q.P.) (10th June 1809J

49° GEO. III. S f Cap.

626,

C. clxiii — clxx. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

Cap. clxiii.

An Act for the Partition of certain Settled Estates of John Wharton Elqtiire, situate in the Copnties of York, Westmorland, and Durham. (q.P.) [loth 1809.]

Cap. clxiv.

An Act for vesting certain Ettatrs in the Counties of Kent and Sussex, devised by the Will of John Hutton Esquire, deceased, in Trustees to be sold, and for investing the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses. (q.P.)

[10th June 1809.]

Cap. clxv.

An Act for vesting Part of the devised Estates of John Tirel Morin Esquire, deceased, situate in the Counties of Buckingham and Middlesex, in Trustees to be sold, for discharging Incumbrance* affecting the same, and for laying put the Residue of the Monies to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates intended to be sold. (q.P.)

[10th June 1809.]

Cap. clxvi.

An Act for vesting the detached Parts of the Estates of William Farrer Esquire, deceased, in Trustees for Sale, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, for paying the Incumbrances affecting the same. (q.P.)

[10th June 1809}

Cap. clxvii.

An Act for vesting Part of the Real Estates, in the County of Lincoln, devised by the Will of Henry Massingberd Esquire, deceased, in Trustees to be sold, and for applying Part of the Purchase Money in paying off certain Incumbrances affecting the said Estates, and for laying out the Residue thereof in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses. (q.P.)

[10th June 1809.]

Cap. clxviii.

An Act for vesting certain Estates late of the Honourable George Jocelyn deceased, in the County of Dublin* in Trustees to be sold, and for laying out the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of Government Securities, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates fold. (q.P.) [10th June 1809.]

Cap. clxix.

An Act for vesting in Trustees a certain Tract of Open Pasture Land called Box Moor, in the Parish of Hemelhempsted, in the Counry of Hertford, upon certain Trulls, applying the Produce thereof, and for better securing the Rights oi the respective Parties entitled tA the said Moor. (q.P.)

[10th June 1809.]

Cap. clxx.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Dronjeld. in the County of Derbyx (q* P.)

[10th June 1809.]

" Allotments and Compensation for Tithes. § 12, See. Leases by the

M Vic^r of Dronjieldmot valid without the King's Consent as Patroa

M of the Vicarage.

A.D. 1809.

— clxxvt.

49° GEO. III.

Cap. clxxi.

An Act for reviving continuing, and amending an Act, patted to the Twmty-Cxth Year of His present Majesty, for laying a Toll noon pll Horsen and Carriage* patting on a Sunday over Biachfrtars. Bridge* and for applying the Money to arise thereby toward* in-creating the Fund for witching, lighting, clransing, watering, and repairing the said Bridge.

[ 15th June 1809.]

Cap. clxxii.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Term and Power* of Three Acts, made in the Portv-second, Fort\-rourth, and Foriy-sixth Years of the R'ijn of His prefpit Mqcfty, for making, mliu-taming, watching, Ighting. and watering several Roads to communicate with the IVcfl Indid Docks, in the JJle.of Doge, and the East India Docks at Blackmail, both in the County of Middlesex; and also of several Acts for repairing the Cannon Street Road, in the said County; and also for making, maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering a new Rosd from the said Road communicating with the East India Docks, to Barking, in the County of Essex; and for enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Fatty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Road horn the Romford and Whitechapel Road ty or Hear to Tilbury Forty in the County of Ejest. {b)

[1 jth June 1809.]

Cap. clxxiii.

'An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of the Srxth and Twenty-eighth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of Dartford, in the County of Kent. (b) [15th June 1.809.]

Cap. clxxiv.

An Act for extending and en'arging the Powers cj Authorities given by an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, Bn Act for the'Enfranchifment of Copy-hold and Customary Lands, Pared of the Manor of Arundel, and other Manors entailed by the Act of Parliament of the a bird o/* Charles the Ftrfl, and for jhe Sale of Tithes also entailed by the said Act. (q. Fr)

[15th June 1809.]

Cap. clxxv.

An Act to empower the Trustees under the Will of the R; ght Honourable Edward late Cord Thurlow to gr>nt in Fee upon Fee Farm Rents, or for Iona Terms of Years, certain1 EHates by the same Will devised in Trust for Sdc, ard to putt down the Mansion House called Knight's /fill* and to make Roads, and to enfranchise Copyholds, and for other Purposes. (q.P.) [15th June 1829 ]

Cap. clxxvi.

An Act for vesting an Estate, in the County of Lincoln* devised by the Wi|l of Francis Lord Le Defpeneer, in Trpliees, upon Trust, to sell the same, and with the Money arising therefrom to difehayge the Incumbrances thereupon, and tp lay out the Surplus in the furebafe of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses. (q.P.)

[15th June 1809.]

5 f 2 Cap.

6 2 7

For One Yeart See,

26 G. 3. c.37.

45 G. 3. c. cl. 44 G.3.C.XXXvil.

46 G. 3. 0. exxr. 48 G. 3. c.xeii.

6 G. 3. C. 9&> MG. 3. c. 84.

37G.3. c.4 O.pr, And fee 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. xv.

A.D. 1809.

628 C. dxxvii — -clxxxi*. 49° GEO. III.

Cap. clxxvii.

An Act for effecting the Sale of certain Estates devised by the Will of Henry Partridge Esquire, deceased, and for laying out the Money to arise by such Sales in the Purchase of other Estater, and for settling the same to the like Uses. (q.P.) [15th June 1809 }

Cap. clxxviii.

An Act for vesting certain detached Parts of the Estates devised or limited to strict Uses by the Will of the Right Honourable William late Lord Craven deceased, and situate in the County of Gloucester, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying Part of the Monies aniing from the Sde thereof, in discharge of an Incumbrance fabfifting thereon, and for laying out the Residue of such Monies in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses.

[15th June 1809.]

Cap. clxxix.

An Act for vesting certain Estates, late of Thomas Hodgkins Esquire, lying in the respective Parishes of Walsall and Aldridge t in the County of Stafford, in Trustees, in trull to sell the same, and apply the Purchase Monies at ifing therefrom in paying off all Incumbrances upon such Estates, and otherwise, under the Directions of the High Court of Chancery. (q.P.) [j jth Jut}c 1809.]

Cap. clxxx.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Shambrook, in the County of Bedford. (q.P.) [15th June 4809.]

u Allotments for Tithes. § 21, &c.

Cap. clxxxi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Wiljhamjlead, in the County of Bedford. (q.P.) [15th June 1809 ]

" Allotments and Compensation for Tithes. § 21, dec.

Cap. clxxxii.

An Act to enable the Royal Exchange Insurance Company of Ireland^to sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary.

[19th June 1809.]

Cap. clxxxiii.

An Act for making new Sewers and Drains and amending the present Sewers and Drains within certain Districts under the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners of Sewers for the Limits extending fro-n East Mouldfey in Surrey, to Ravenjhorne in Kent, and for other Purposes relating to the Execution of the Commission of Sewers for the said Limits.

[19th June 1809.]

Cap. clxxxiv.

31G.2. c.45. An Act for rendering more effectual Two Acts passed for the better aiG.3.c.l9. regulating the Poor in the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey; for inclosing the Church Yard thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned relating thereto,

[19th June 1809.]

49° GEO. III. C.clxxxv — clxxxlx. 629

Cap. clxxxv.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant the Moot Hall, Grand Jury Room, and certain Grounds and Buildings adjoining thereto in the Castle Garth, within the Scite of the Old Cattle of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, to the Justices of the Peace for the County of Northumberland, for building Courts of Justice, and also a Gaol for the said County, and for other Purposes therein mentioned relating thereto.

[19th June T809.]

X. And be it further enacted, That all and every the said Moot Moot Hall, Hall, Shire Hall, Court Houses, Grand Jury Room, Offices, Gao), t be

and Buildings, so to be provided and erected as aforesaid, and also such \hc

©pen Space of Ground a* shall or may be laid out and attached thereto County, as a Court Yard, and bounded as befor^mert'.ioned, shall from and' immediately after the same shall be so ended and laid out, respectively be, and be deemed to be, within ard Parcel ol the said County of Northumberland t6 all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and that all and every other Part and Parts of the said Castle Garth and Scite of the said old CafUe of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, shall fresh thenceforth be deemed ard taken to be w»thin and Parcel of the Town and County of the Town of Newcastle-upon*Tyne, to all Intents and PurposeS whatsoever j any L*aw, Usage, Custom, or Grant whatsoever to chd contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

Cap. clxxxvi.

An Act for making and maintainirg a Road from the Borough of Southwark to the Kent Road in the County of Surrey, (b)

[19th June 1809]

Cap. clxxxvii.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act pass-d in the Forty-eighth 48 G. 3. c. xvj* Year of His present Majesty, for inclosing Wastes in the Township of Minera in the County of Denbigh, as subjects the Owners of certain Mines there to Damages for working the same, and at authorizes any Person to get Stone from any Mines of Stone in the said Wastes. (q.P.) [19th June 1809.]

Cap. clxxxviii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road leading from Barmouth in the County of Merioneth, to Traethmawr in the County of Caernarvon, and for building a Bridge at Traethbach, in the said County of Merioneth, (jb) [20th June 1809.]

Cap. clxxxix.

An Act for supplying with Water the Inhabitants of Deptford, Greenwich, and several other Parishes and Places in the Couaties of Kent and Surrey.

[20th June 1809.]

[The Company of Proprietors of the Kent Water Works incorporated.]

LX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Punishment knowingly, wilfully, or maliciously break, throw down, or destroy any for Banks or other Works erected, made, or maintained by virtue of this Works.

Ad, then and in every such Case every such Person shall be judged

fuilty of Felony, and the Court by and before whom such Person or _ 'erfods shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to

S f 3 cause

3^ C. clxxxix, cxc. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

cause such Person or Persons to be transported beyond the Seas for the Term of Seven Years, or in-Mitigation of such Punishnietit such Court may award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petty Larceny.

Cap. cxc.

An Act for the better Government of the Watermen working on the Passage between Gosport, Portsmouth, and Portsea and other Places within Portsmouth Harbour, and to and from Spitbcad\ St. Helen's* and other Parts within the IJlc of Wight* in tVic County of South-amptoti, and to and from certain Piacts in the said Iflimi, and for regulating the Fares of such Watermen.

[20th June 1809.]

WHEREAS the Conduct of the Watermen working on the 4 W P-tDge between Gosport, in the P<m(h of Alverstoke* and

Portsmouth, and Portsa, and to and from Hardway* Far eh am, Portcbe/ler* Pa/fruie IVymering. and other Places within Portsmouth Harbour, and to and hom Spithead and Saint Helen's, and other Parts

and Piaces within the JJlt of Wight, in the County of Southampton*

by reason of their demanding exorbitant and unequal Prices for the Carriage of PjflVn^ers, and their refuting to c^rry Passengers across the Harbour of Portsmouth, and to and from Hardway* Fareham, Portchester, Paljgrove, Wymeting, and other Places within Portsmouth Harbour, and to the Ships and Vtifcls of His Majesty, ard other

Ships and Veficis lying within the said Harbour, and at Spithead, Saint Helen's, and other Piaces within the said Isle of Wights in the County of Southampton, and to and from the Places lying within the said Harbour and in the said Isle of Wight, between Cowes and Saint Helen's, has betn long complamed of, and is now become a general Grievance, and is a great Inconvenience and Detriment to the In* 4 habitants of the Lid Towns and Neighbourhood, and also to the Officers and Seaman belonging to the fa; d Ships and VeflVls: May it the cfore pfeafe Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad* vice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament'assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

Commissioners. That Hw Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of South* ampton for the Time being, the Mayor, Recorder, and Aldermen of the Borough of Portsmouth for the Time being, the Steward of the Biritoprick of Winchester for the Time being, the Bishop of Winchester s Bailiff of the Borough and Manor of Gosport for the Time being, the Rector of Alverstoke for the Time being, the Incumbent of Gosport Chapel for the Time being, the Commissioners of His Maj tty's Dock Yard at Portsmouth for the Time being, the Governor of Haflar Hospital for the Time being, George Porter Esquire, £&c. &c.j shall be and they are hereby appointed Commiflnntrs for putting m Execution the several Powers and Authorities in and by this Act given.

Meetings of II. And Be it farther enacted, That the said Commissioners, o«

Otjiimtfioners, any Seven or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to ^wcr meet on the Fir It Tuesday in the Months of July, November, and

Wawm^Ur March in each Year, at some convenient Place within the said Borough

of Gosport or Borough of Portsmouth, to be appointed by the said Commissionere, such Meetings to be alternately held at the said Borough of Gsfpott and Borourh of Portsmouth j the First Meeting of the Hud Commissioners to be held at the India Arm Inn in Gosport > on the

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C. cxc. 631

First: Tuesday in July n*xt iftet the passing of this Act, and the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall and may, if they IhaH fee fit, from Tim? to Time adjourn such Meetings, or any or either of them, in such Manner and to such Time as they shall think proper and that the Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, at such First Meeting to be holden as aforesaid, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof,shall and they are hereby required to proceed to fix and assess the Rates and Fares to be taken by the said Watermen for the Passage of any Person or Persons, either with or without Horses orbther Cattle, to and from Gosport, Portsmouth, and Portsca* and other Parts within the said Harbour of Portsmouth, and to and from any Ships or Vessels lying within the said Harbour, and also to and from Spithead, Saint Helen's, the Motherbank, Stokes Bay, and other Parts within the said Isle of Wight, and to and from any Ships or Vessels lying the reat, and also to and from BradingT Rydin Cowes, or any other Place in the said Istand, between Saint Helen's and Cowes, which Ratt9 and Fares so assessed and rated shall continue in force rcfp: ftively until they, or any or either of them, shall be altered by any Order of the said Commissioners, to be made at any subsequent M eting of the said Commissioners, which Alteration it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of(them, at any Time or Tim^s hereafter to make at anjr Meeting to be held in pursuance of the Provisions of this Act.

li Once in every Year Vacancies occasioned by the Death, &c. of " C>mmiflinners shall be filled up by the other Commissioncis; ?nd 16 Notice of Meetings for that Purpose, and of all other Meetings " under this Act, shall b - given to Comudflioners by their Clerk. § 3,

" Equal Number of Commissioners on each Side of the Water. { 4.

4i Oath of Commissioners. yj. Qualification of Commissioners. § 6

" Appointment of Clerk. § 7. Duty of the Clerk and Treasurer. § 8.

Power for the Clerk to adj urn Meetings, See. § 9.*

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Two Tables or and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required to make Rates of tares to and settle Two several and dilliuft Tables of Rates and Fares* the Rates and F.'res in mie of which shall be payable in fair Weather, and Weather to be the other in foul Weather; and for the Purpose of obviating any determined by a

Doubt as to the Time at which the said Rates and Fares may be Flag which is

respectively demanded, the said Commissioners shall provide a Blue payable.

Flag, to be ho.ft-d on the Beach at Gosport, by such Pei Ion, and in such Manner and Form, as the said Commissioners, or arty Five or more of them, at any Meeting to be holden in pursuance of the Pro* vition8 of this Act, shall from Time to Time appoint and order> or as shall be directed by any Bye-Law to be made in pursuance of the Prb-visions herein-aftt r contained, and which laid Person shall be paid fucih Sum and Sums of Money as the said Commissioners, of ttiy Five 6r

more of them, shall from Time to Time dirtft; and so long as the said

Flag shall remain hoilted, the foul Weather Farefc shall be demanded, and at all other Tiroes the fine Weather Fares only shall be payable: Watermen Provided always, that if the said Flag shall be hoiffedor hauled dotfn entitled to the while the said Watermen, or any at either of them, ii or are in the ^are Payable at Act of carrying any Person or Persons to or from any Place ofr Places as aforesaid, the said Watermen shall be paid the Rate or Rates, Frfre qx Fares, which was or were payable at the Time such Perlou pr Per-f*.S f 4 iona

Tables of Fares to be printed, and a tk>|>y delivered to each licensed Waterman.

Penalty on taking higher Rates or refusing to take Passengers.

Penalty on Persons not payin': the established Fares.

C. cxc. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

fons first left the Shore or Place in the Boat of such Waterman or Watermen.

XI. And be it further en?cted, That when the said Tables of Rates and Fares shall be settled by the said Comm(Boners, the same shall be printed, and the said Comnvffioners shall cause a Copy thereof to be delivered to each of the fa»d Watermen to be licensed as hereinafter mentioned, and One Copy of such Rates painted on a Board shall be fffixed on the Door of the Market House in Gosport aforesaid. One other such Copy on the Door the Guildhall of Portsmouth a fore fa id, and One other such Copy in the Town of Portsca, at or near the Gates of His Maj^fly's Dock Yard there; and when and as often as the same, or eithir of thrm, shall be defaced or deftrnyed, the said Commissioners shall cause the same to be replaced by another or others; and when and as often as any A'teration or Alterations shall he made by the saki Corrmuflioners in the said Tables of Rates or Fares, the same (lull be in like Manner printed, ceiivered, painted, and affixed as a fore said.

XII. And be i: further en'r&d, That in case any such Waterman* or other Person employed by him. shall demand -or take more than the Rates or Prices so to be assessrd and rated as aforesaid, except as herein-after mentioned, or shall (not being prevented by some obvious Difficulty or Danger, which such Waterman shall make appear to the Satisfy 6fc: on of the Justice or Justice* before whom any Complaint shall be laid) refuse to carry any Passenger for such Rates or Vices, evety such Waterman so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be levied and recovered, paid and applied in Manner herein-after mentioned: Provided alwa>s nevertheless. that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Watermen to demand Double the Rate of Fare fisted by the said Tables between the Hours of S*x of the Clock in the Evening, and Six of the Clock in the Morning, between the Twenty-, ninth Day of 'September and the Twenty fifth Day of March in each Year3 and between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Evening, and Five of the Clock in the Morning, between the Twenty-fifth Day of March and the Twenty-ninth Day of September in each Year.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall refuse or negkdt to pay any Waterman or Watermen licensed as herein-after mentioned the Fare or Fares which he or they is, are, or shall be entitled to demand, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace of the said County of Southampton, if the Offence shall be committed out of the Borough of Portsmouth^ or of the Borough ot Portsmouth if the Offence shall be commuted within it, or of the Borough of Portsmouth, or the County of Southampton, if the Offence; shall be committed upon the Water within the Harbour of Portsmouth, upon Complaint thereof, to grant a Warrant to bring before him the Person or Persons against whom such Complaint shall be made, and, upon Proof upon Oath of One Witness (which Oath such Justice is.hereby empowered to adminifttr), to award reasonable Satisfaction to the Party aggrieved for his Damages and Costs, and, upon Refusal to pay or make such Satisfaction, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so refusing.

<33

49° GEO. III.

C. cxc.

XIV. And, for better preventing the Misbehaviour of any such Waterman, or any Apprentice or Assistant employed by him, be it further enacted, That upon Complaint of any Misbehaviour of PunUhing any Waterman, Apprentice, or Assistant, in assaulting, insuiting, or Watermen and using abusive or infuiting Language to any Person or Persons whom- Apprentice* for soever, it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Justice of the Mi(behavio*r, Peace for the said County of Southampton or. Borough of Portsmouth, within his respective or concurrent Jurisdiction, to summon such Waterman, Apprentice, or Assistant before him to answer the said Complaint, and upon Proof thereof upon Oath (which Oath the said Justice is hereby empowered to administer), or by his own Consession, or on the View of a Justice of the Peace, such Waterman, Apprentice# or Assistant, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings, to be levied and recovered, paid, and applied in Manner herein-after mentioned; and if sufficient Distress cannot be bad, be shall be committed to the>

House of Correction for the County, Borough, or Place where the Complaint shall be heard, for One Calendar Month, or every Waterman convicted of any such Offence shall forfeit and lose his Licence, and shall not be again licensed for the Space of One whole Year next ensuing; and such Waterman, Apprentice, or Assistant so offending shall and may, by Authority of this Act, unless such Person being a Waterman shall, upon Demand, produce and ihew to the Party aggrieved his Licence, so that such Party may ascertain his Name and Place of Abode, or being an Apprentice or Assistant shall at the Time of the Offence committed be a&wally on board the Boat of his Master, having the Name and Place of Abode of such Mailer painted thereon, be apprehended by any Person or Persons who shall fee such Offence committed, and shall be immediately conveyed or delivered to a Constable, or other Peace Officer, in order to be conveyed before some Justice of the Peace to be dealt with according to Law.

Watermen to be summoned for the Purpose of being licensed. § f 5.

Commissioners empowered to license Watermen. § 16. Commissionera may grant and renew Licenses annually. § 17. Clerk to make Lift of licensed Watermen. § 18. Watermen may be re-" ftri&ed to work within the Harbour only, and shall pay for Licence Twenty Shillings or Ten Shillings accordingly. Watermen to give Notice of Removal. § 19. Waterman shall give in the Names of Apprentices and Assistants. § 20. Licensed Watermen may take One Apprentice. §21.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for Boat not toU any such Apprentice, until he (hill have attained the full Age of entrusted foMy Eighteen Years, and have been apprenticed for the Space of Two to the Careof Years, to take upon himself the foie Care and Management of any Boat; and in case any such Apprentice shall offend herein, or any licensed Waterman shall permit any Boat to be u der the Care or Management of any Person or Persons other than himself, or some other licensed Waterman, or of some Person who shall be of the Age of Eighteen Years and shall have served at least Two Years of his Apprenticeship, the Master of the said Apprentice or such licensed Person so offending as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Five Pounds, to be levied, recovered, ptid, and applied in Manner herein-after mentioned; and if sufficient Distress cannot be hadj he shall be committed to the House of Com&ion

*34

Watermen to take no more than Ten Passengers in fair Weather and Six in foul. Penalty $1.

Boats shall be kept in good Condition.

(kcxt. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

where the Complairit thall bfc heard, for any Tithe not exceeding Two Calendar Months.

" Periahy on Persons working on the said Passage without a Licence, w Ten Pounds, § 23.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any such Waterman or Apprentice, so having the Charge of his Matter's Boat as aforesaid, to receive, take into, or carry in his Wherry or Boat at one and the same Time, any more than Ten Persons in fair Weather, or than Six when such Flag shall be or remain boifted as aforesaid; and in case any such Waterman or Apprentice shall take or receive iuto or carry in his said Wherry or Boat any greater Number of Persons than are respectively allowed to be carried as aforesaid, every such Waterman or Apprentice so offending, and beine thereof convicted by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses or by Confession of the Party or Partus, before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Southampton or Borough of Portsmouth respectively, or on View of any such Jutt'ce or Justices, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, to be levi d, recovered, paid, aid applied in Manner herein after mentioned; and if Efficient Distrefa cannot be had, he shall be committed to the House of Correction of the County, Borough, or Piace where the Complaint shall be.heard, for Two Calendar Months; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to revoke the Licence granted to such Waterman, and he shall not again be liqenfed.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said lxenfed Watermen shall keep their Boats in good Repair, Order, and Condit'on, and well and sufficiently provided with Matts, Sails, Oars, Rudder, and all other proper Gear and Tackle, and that whenever any such Watermen shall be hired to go to any Place, Ship, or Vessel without the said Harbour of Portsmouth, they shall provide themselves with and have in their respective Boats Two Sets of Sails, one adapted for fair ancj the other for foul Weather, and that on such Occafio-s every such Waterman shall have at leatt One Aflillant; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more of the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons to be specially appointed by the Commissioners under this Act, or any Five' cr more of them, at same Meeting to be holden pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, and who shall be paid such Sum and Sums of Money for their Service as the said Com-nuflhmerp, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time dirtft, from Time to Time to inspect the said Boats, and for any Two or more of such Commissioners, or such Perfion so to be appointed, to order such of the said Boats as shall and may be found deficient in any Respect to be laid by, and such Boat shall not be uftrd again till the Deleft shall have been repaired, and the fa d Boats shall have been infptfted and approved of by the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, or by such Person or Persons so to be foecialiy appointed as aforesaid; and in case any such Waterman fh % U use any Boat not in good Repair and Condition, and well and sufficiently provided with Matts, Sails, Oars, Rudder, and other proper Gears and Tackle, or without its Number, and the Name and Place of Abode of fugh Waterman painted in legible Figures and Letters m

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C.ctc. tin

some conspicuous Part on the Inside thereof, or, on being hired to go to any Piace or Ship without the said Harbour of Portsmouth, shall not provide himself with and have on board the said Beat Two Sets of Saib as aforesaid and One Affi*lant, or shall presume to use any Boat which shall have been declared insufficient as aforesaid, until such Boat shall have afterwards been inspected and approved of by the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, or by such Person or Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid; or if any Person who shall be licensed only to work within the said Harbour shall use his Boat for Hire ou the Outside thereof, every such Waterman so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings, to be levied and recovered, paid, and applied in Manner herein-3fter mentioned.

a Seven Commissioners may make Orders at any of their Meetings for carrying this Act into Execution. § 26. Commissioners may revoke Orders, See. § 27.

XXVIII. And Whereas the Hard or Landing Place from the said Harbour of Portsmouth on the Gosport Side thereof is liable to

be much injured by Ships Vcflcis, Lighters. Barges, Boats of Burthen, or other Boats lying thereon, which by due Cire in the

4 Persons having the Command of such Ships, VtflVls, Ligliters, 7

Barges, Boats of Burthen, and other Boats, may be avoided; 4

Be it therefore further enaftrd by the Authority aforesaid, That P^onltvon from and after the passing of this Act. if any Mailtr, or other Person Vessels lying o« having the Command of any such Ship, Vfcffel, Lighter. Barge; Goljfwrt Hard. Boat of Burthen, or other Boat, {1ml place ni^p-rmit, or fuffrr any such Ship, Vessel, Ligliter, Barg^ Boat of Burthen, or other Boat;

to lie over or upon the said Hard or Landing P*ace on the Gosport Side of the said Harbour of Portsmouth. evc-ry such Master, or other Person having the Command of any such Ship, Vessel, Ligliter,

Barge, Boat of Burthen, or other Boat, so placed, permitted, or suffered to lie over or upon the said Hard, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Surp of Five Pounds, to be levied, recovered, paid, and apolied in Manner hereinafter mentioned.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and For- Recovery of feitures imposed by this Act, or by any such Bye Law, Order, Rule, Penalties, and Regulation made in pursuance thereof (the Manner of Recovery whereof is not otherwise particplary mentioned), (halt and may, if not otherwise sooner paid, be levied ani recovered by Distress and Sale of

the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Sjals of any On- or more Justice or Justice*5 of the Peace in or for the County of Southampton, or in'or for the County,

C'ty, Borough, Town, Division, or Piace whetein such Offender or Offenders Ihsll be or reside, or where such Goods and Chattels shall be, which Warrant such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to grant, such Offender or Offenders having been first convicted of any Offence or Offences done or committed contrary to the tine Intent and Meaning of this Act, before any One dr more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of South*

Tampion or Borough of Portsmouth9 according to their refoeftive Jurist. dictions under this Act, upon the Oath of One or more credible Win a nefs or Witnesses, which Oath the said Ju/tice and Ju(tic; s is and are hereby empowered to a4m'n^e, i> or on the Conftfii.m of the Offender 'it Q'fteuders; and the said Penalties and Eofteuures when recovered,

C* cxc»

Informations for Offences to be given withip Three Months.

AlTowing a concurrent Jurisdiction to the Justices for Sontliamptou amd the Borough of Portsmouth, in cenain. Cases.

Torn* of Convict ioj

49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

rendering the Overplus (if any be), after deducing the Expence of such Distress and Sale, upon Demand, to the Party or Parties whose Goods and 'Chattels shall be so did rained, shall be paid to the said Conmrfllmers, or any Five or more of them, and shall be applied (if not otherwise dirtied to be applied by this Act> for and towards the Pur poles of this Act 5 and in case suficient Distress cannot be found, and such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices, and he and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, City, Borough, Town, or Place where such Offender or Offenders shall be or reside, for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months where the Penalty shall not amount to Five Pounds, but in ail Cases where the Penalty shall amount to or exceed that Sum, and where no other Punishment on Non-payment thereof shall be hereinbefore dirt Cted to be i: (listed, the said Offender or Offenders shall be committed as aforesaid, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unkfs such Penalties and Forfeitures respectivtly shall be sooner p-fd.

XXX. Provided always, and.be it further enacted, That no Person or PerfoDS shall be subject or liable to the Payment of any of the Penalties or Forfeitures inflicted by virtue of this Act, unless Information shall be given of such Offence or Offences within Three Calendar Months next after the Offence shall have been committed.

XXXI. And,* for the better enforcing due Obedience to this Act,

and ascertaintng the Mode of Recovery of the respective Penalties/ be it further enacted, That the JuIIices of the Peace of the said County of Southampton, as to Offences committed in the said County out of the Borough of Port/movth aforefa^d, and the Juiliccg of the Peace of the said Borouah of Portsmouth, as to Offences committed within the said Borough of Port [mouth, and every of them, shall have full Power and Authority by virtue of this Act, upon Complaint made to them or any of them by any Person or Person?, to examine, hear, and determine by the Oath of One or more Witntfs or Witnesses (which Oath each and every of them are hereby authorized to administer), or by the ConftfUon of the Offender, ail Complaints or Offences to be done or committed within their said respective Jurisdictions, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act: Provided neverthelek, that whtre any Offence against this Act shall be committed upon the Water within the Harbour of Portsmouth, the Justices of the Peace for the County of Southampton, and those for the Borough of Port/mouthf shall have a concutrent Jurisdicton as to such Offerees, and the Parties making Complaint thereof may make such Complaint to the one or the other as they shall think proper.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Conviction shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act, ur any Matter in pursuance of this Act, the Form of Con-yiftion shall be in the Words or to the Effect following; that is to say,

County of Southampton or Borough 'l BE it remembered, That OH this

of Portsmouth, to wit. j^y Of

in the Year of the Reign of

A. B. is convict< d before k Justice or

Justices of the Peace for of havitog frw

' Offeree

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III. C.cxc. 637

Offence may be"] and I [or, we] the said Jaftice or Justices do ad-

judge him, [her, or them] to forfeit and pay for the same the Sum

of and for the Costa of Prosecution the Sum

of Given under my Hand and Seal for, our

Hands and Seals] the Day and Year firlPafbrefaid.*

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Offenders con-(hall be guilty of any Offence against this Act, or any of the Powers viaed shall p*v or DireSion9 herein contained, and shall be thereupon summoned, or shall appear before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, Convictbn. and such Person or Persons shall be convicted of any such Offence, every such Person or Persons (haty pay the Costs of such Summons and Conviction, and the Distress to be taken in consequence of such Conviction shall be for such well as the other Monies for which

such Dili refs shall be made; any Statute, I^aw, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding,

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall Mitigation of and may be lawful to and for the Justice or Justicea of the Peace, be- renalties. fore whom any of the specifick Penalties or Forfeitures^ by this Act

imposed shall be recovered, to mitigate, compound, or lessen any of the said Penalties or Forfeitures as he or they in his or their Discretion shall think fit, so as that the same be not mitigated or reduced to left than One Moiety or Half Part thereof, together with Cods at aforesaid.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall Distress not t»

be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this h« deemed Ad, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party «J, avr^15r or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespalfer or Trespasser, on arm

account of any Defect or Want of Form in any Proceeding relating

thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties di ft rained be deemed a Tref-pa fler or Trespasser, ah initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by him or them $ but the Party or Parties aggrieved by such Irregularity shall or may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damages, together with Costs of Suit, in an Action of Trespass or on the Case, at his, her, or their Election.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit Limitation of ftiaUbe commenced agaiuit any Person or Persons for any Thing done Action* for in pursuance of this Act, unless Thirty Days Notice thereof shall Matters dqne have been firli given in Writing to the Clerk and Treasurer or the said su Months.*Commissioneri, signed by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and stating his, Thirty Days her, or their Place of Abode, and unless the same shall be commenced Notice, &c. before the Expiration of Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, nor after Tender of reasonable Amends shall have been

made by or in Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants in such Adiou or Suit; nor unless such Action or Suit shall be laid or brought in the County of Southampton; and the Defendant or Defendants in any tuch Action or Sujt to be commenced for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, shall and may pltad thq General I flue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereup n, and that the Matter or Thing for which such A^iun or Suit shall be brought was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if such Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before Thirty Days Notice thereof was given in Manner aforesaid, or such Notice shall not

flats

638,

C.cxc,

49° GEO. III.

A.D. 1809.

Informers may be rewarded out of tbt Penalties.

Ayr*.

(late the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs true Place or Plfrcfcs of Abode, or that {uch Aftian or Sait w&a not commenced before the Expiration of Six Calendar Month* next after the Fad committed; or if it shall ap pear that Tender-of reasonable Amends was made by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants in such Aftioil or Suit, before such Action or Suit was commenced or brought, or if the Venue in such Act*on or Suit shall be laid in any other County or Place than the County of Southampton, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, and upon such Verd»ft, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, dr discontinue his, hcr? or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given a gain (f the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any Case'by Law, and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall not in such Action be permitted to give any* Thing in Evidence which shall not have been exoreffed in such Notice, and it shall be incumbent on the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to prove such Notice1 to have been given, or in Default thereof the Defendant or Defendants shall be entitled to such Verd'A and Costs as aforesaid.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Southampton or Borough of Port/mouth before whom such Persons shall be convicted, or the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, if they shall fee Cause, to pay and apply such Part of the Penalties and-Forfeitures to be recovered for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act as they shall think proper, not exceeding One Moiety of them, or any of them, to and-for the Use of the Informer or Informers of such respective*Offence or Offences; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. Provided akv*yv«nd be it further enacted, That if tony Person or Persons (halt think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done irf pUTfuance of thi6! Act, such Person or Persons shall and may, as to TWngs done in the said County of Southampton and out of the said* Borough, appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the County of Southampton, and as to Things done within the said Borough of Porlfmovth, to the Justices of the said Bbrough, t the then next General er General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden in and for the said County or Borough respectively, after the Expiration of Twenty Days from the Cause of such Appeal, such Appellant first giving or cauiing to be given Ten Days Notice at lead in Writing of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause thereof, to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and within Two D^ys nefct after such Notice given, Entering into a Recognizance or Recognizances before some Justice of the Peace for the said County or Borough, as the Case may rtquire, with Two sufficient Sureties, in the Penalty of Thirty Pounds, conditioned to try such Appeal at such S.fiions, and abide the Order of, and to pay such C Its as shall be awarded by the said Justices upon the Hearing of the said Appeal , 5 and the said Justices, upon due Proof of such Not'ce being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall at the said Sessions to which the said Appeal shall be made, or if they shall fee fit to adjourn the same, at the Srfiionl then next following at farthest, hear end finally determine the Canfee

A.D. 1809. 49° GEO. III.

C, ^G, ef ci, $ % 9

and Matter of such Appeal in a funamary Way, and award such Coils for the Appellant or Appellants, or Respondent or Respondents, as they the said Justices respectively shall think proper; and the Deter* mination of such Justices shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Parties concerned or interested therein: Provided nevertheless^ that all Appeals against Conv'ftions before any Justice or Justices for the.

Borough of Portsmouth shall be made to the Sessions for the said Borough, and all Appeals against Convictions before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Southampton shall be made to the Sessions for the County at large.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be Proceedings not had touching the Con vision of any Offender or Offenders against this to he quafliedfo* Act, or any Order, Matter, or Thing to be done or transacted in or Wantofforra. relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be removed by Certiorari, or vacated or quashed for the Want of Form only j any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. Provided always and be it further enact^d» That nothing ia ThUA&notto this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to any extend to yVater* Waterman or Watermen working across the Lake between Hnjlar and Sa Lak^ °U Goshort, in the Ferry Boat or Ferry Boats belonging to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Transport Service for the Care of sick and wounded Seamen, and for the Care and Custody of Prisoners of War; but that the Waterman or Watermen working the said Ferry Boat or Boats of the Lid Commissioners may at all Time work the same without any Contron! or Interference of the Commissioners named or to be named under the Authority of this Act, as if this Act had not been made.

Saving the Rights of the Corporation of Portsmouth. §41. Saving the Rights of the Bishop of Winchester. §42. Publick Act. §43.

Cap. cxci.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Thames from the Precinct of the Savoy, or near thereunto, in the County of Middlesex, to the oppoiite Shore, and for making convenient Roads and Avenues to communicate therewith, in the County of Surrey.

[20th June 1809.]

" Company of Proprietors of the Strand Bridge incorporated. — Before commencing the Purchase of Houses or building the Bridge,

6c, coo/, shall be invested in Three per Cents. at the Bank of " England, and 300, 000l. actually subscribed. — Special Commissioners " (the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Chancellor of the Duchy of " Lancaster, Speaker of the House of Commons &c.) appointed to

inspect the Accounts and superintend the Expenditure of the " Tolls, See. — The Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster " empowered to fell Lands belonging to the King in right of Ilia " Duchy.

CXXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Penalty on Per* shall wilfully and maliciously, and to the Prejudice of the said Under-taking, break, throw down, or destroy any Part of the Bridge to s* eoay* be crested and made by virtue of this Act, every such Person shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and every such Person so offending, and

640

That the Bridge be deemed to be in Middlesex and Surrey.

C. cxci, cxcii. 49° GEO. III. A.D. 1809.

being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject to the like Punishment and Penalties as in Cases of Grand Larceny; and the Court by or before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm 5 or in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Court may award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petty Larceny.

CXXXII. And, in order to remove all Doubts where and before whom Offences committed on the said Bridge shall and may be cognizable, and how and by whom the Offenders in such Cases may be punished; Be it further enacted, That the Half of the said Bridge, when built, next adjoining to the County of Middlesex, shall be deemed to be in the County of Middlesex and Part of and in the Parish of Saint Clement Danes; and the other Half of the said Bridge adjoining to the County of Surrey shall be deemed to be in the County of Surrey, and Part of and in the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth; but such Bridge shall not be deemed or taken to be a County Bridge* so as to fulyeft the said Counties of Middlesex or Surrey* or either of them, to the repairing or supporting the same.

---

Cap. cxcii.

An Act for more effectually supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Towns of Manchester and Salford in the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[20th June 1809.]

[INDEX removed.]

FINIS.

