THE

STATUTES

OF

THE UNITED KINGDOM

of

GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND,

47 GEORGE III. 1807. Seff. 1 & 2. -

LONDON:

Printed by His Majesty’s Statute and Law Printers %

And sold by L Butterworth, Law Bookseller, in Fleetstreet*

1807.

[ Price 16s. in Boaidi. ]

A

TABLE

Containing THE TITLES of all

THE STATUTES,

Passed in the FIRST (and only) Session of the THIRD Parliament

OF THE

United Kingdom of Great Britain arid Ireland;

47 GEORGE III. Seff. i.

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

1.	AN Act to revive and make perpetual and to amend an A dfc -CL made in the Forty-fecond Year of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Eledlions or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, and for expediting the Proceedings relating thereto.	Page	r

2.	An Adi for railing the Sum of Ten millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fevert. 2

3.	An Adi for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven.	Ibid,

4.	An Adi for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal E dates, in England; and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain. for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven.	Ibid.

j 5. An Adi to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and for extending the Times limited for those Purposes respectively, until the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and seven, and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Michaelmas Term One thousand eight hundred and seven.	Ibid.

6. An Adi to continue, during the present War, and until One Year alter the Termination thereof by the Ratification of a Definitive 47 Geo. III.	a	Treaty

11

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

Treaty of Peace, an Act made in the Forty-fourth Yesr of His present Majesty, for empowering His Majesty to accept the Services of such Parts of His Militia Forces in Ireland as might voluntarily offer thenvfelves to be employed in Great Britain.	3

7* An A it to declare that certain Provisions of an A 61 of the last Session of the latt Parliament, intituled,/n / 8 to permit the free Interchange of emery npeci.es of Grain between Great Britain and Ireland Shall extend to Grain the Produce of those Countries only. Ibid.

S.	An Ait to continue for the Term of Seven Years certain A6ls of the Parliament of Ireland, for preventing-the Importation of Arms, Gunpowder, and Ammunition, and the making, removing, felling, and kee'pmg of Gunpowder, Arms, and Ammunition, without Licence.	4

9.	An Act for allowing the Exportation annually of a limited Quantity of Worthed Yarn to Canada.	Ibid.

10.	An A 61 for railing the Sum of One Million by Treasury Bills for

the Service of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven.	y

xi. An Act to authorize His Majesty, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope.	Ibid.

^12. An A 61 to abolish certain Offices in the Customs in Ireland\ and to abolish or regulate certain other Offices therein.	Ibid.

13. An Act for in veiling certain Commissioners appointed for the Examination of Accounts and Expenditure relating to the Office of Barrack Matter General, with certain Powers and Authorities neccnary for the Examination of such Accounts and Expenditure.

8

14.	An A 61 to amend several A6ls, for regulating the Trial of Con-

troverted Ele6lions or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, so far as the same relate to Ireland.	11

15.	An Act to continue for the Term of Seven Years, certain A6is

for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in His Majesty’s Forces by Sea or Land from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience.	14

16.	An Act to amend several Axels for the Sale of His Majesty’s Quit Rents, Crown and other Rents, and of certain Lands forfeited

, and undisposed of in Ireland.	.	Ibid.

17.	An Act to secure the Collection of the Duties on Auctions in Ireland ; and to prevent Frauds therein.	16

18.	An Act to grant to His Majesty certain Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes, in Ireland, and to allow certain Drawbacks in respect thereof; in lieu of former Duties of Excise, Taxes, and LTawbacks.

27

19.	An Act to provide more effe6lually for regulating the Draw-

backs and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland; and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight.	-	53

20.	An Ax6l to fuspend, until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and seven, the Payment of all Drawbacks on

2	Spirits

(Pub lick Generaly) 470 GEO. III. SefT. 1.

. Spirits made or distilled in Great Britain or Ireland, and exported from either Country to the other refpeciively.	57

21.	An Ad to provide for regulating and securing the Collection

of certain Rates and Taxes in Ireland, in respect of Dwelling Houses, Fire Hearths, Windows, Male Servants, Horses, Dogs, and Carriages.	31

22.	An Ad to allow for Two Years, from and after the passing of this Ad, an additional Bounty on Double Refined Sugar, and to extend former Bounties on other Refined Sugar to such as fhallbe pounded, crashed, or broken ; and to allow for One Year certain Bounties on Britifi Plantation Raw Sugar exported. 7 r

23.	.An Act for repea ing so much of an Act, made in the Ninth

Year of Pier late Majesty Queen Anne, as veils in the South lea Company or Corporation, by the Aid Ad eroded, the foie and exclusive Privilege of carrying on Trade and Traffic to and from any Part whatsoever of South America, or in the South Seas, which now are or may at any Time hereafter be in the Pofteffion of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors.	77

24.	An Act for allowing, until the First Day of Augujl One thousand

eight hundred and eight, the Importation of certain Fish from Newfoundland and the Co ait of Labrador, and for granting a Bounty thereon.	78

25.	An Ad to allow Turhy Tobacco to *be imported into Great

Britain, in small Packages.	Ibid*

26.	An Ad forextending to German Yarn the Provisions of an Ad

made in the last Session of the said Parliament for permitting Pruffan Yarn to be imported in Foreign Ships on Payment of the like Duties as if imported in Brltl/h Ships.	80

27.	An Ad for granting to His Majesty, until Twelve Months

after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, certain additional Duties of Excise on Brandy in Great Britain.	8r

28.	An Ad for railing the Sum of Fourteen Millions Two hundred

thousand Pounds by way of Annuities.	82

29.	An Ad for further continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of

March One thousand eight hundred and eight, certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain ; and for suspending the Countervailing Duties and Bounties on Sugar when the Duties imposed by an Ad of the said Session of Parliament fiiall be suspended.	83

30.	An Ad to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, an Ad of the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting the Exportation of Salt from the Port of Najfau in the Jfland of New Providence, the Port of Exuma, and the Port of Crooked Island in the Bahama

. Islands, in Ships belonging to the Inhabitants of the United States of America, and coming in Ballast.	84

31.	An Ad to repeal Part of the Duty on the Importation of unma-

. nufadured Tobacco into	Ireland.	IbidI

32.	An Ad for punishing Mutiny and Desertion ; and for the better

Payment of the Army	and	their Quarters.	85

-33. An A ft for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.	130

34.	An Ad for continuing, until the First Day of Augujl One thousand eight hundred and eight, an Ad of the Forty-fifth Year of His

a 2	prefont

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

present Majesty, for allowing, under certain Reftridlions, the bringing a limited Quantity of Coals, Culm, or Cinders, to London and Weflminjler^ by Inland Navigation.	131

35.	An Act to secure the Payment of the Duties on Licences granted

to Persons in Ireland dealing in Exciseable Commodities.	IbhL

36. An Adi for the Abolition of the Slave Trade.	140

37.	An Adi to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March

One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and amend an Adi, made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of Plis present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Depredations on the River Thames and its Vicinity ; and to amend an Adi made in the Second Year of His present Majesty, to prevent the committing of Thefts and Frauds by Persons navigating Bum-Boats, and other Boats, upon the River Thames.	J48

38.	An Adi to amend several Adis for regulating and securing the

Colledlion of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland; and to make perpetual so much of an Adi made in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to Paper Hangings printed or stained in Ireland.	153

39.	An Adi to redlify a Mistake in an Adi made in the last Session

of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to fettle Annuities on certain Branches of the	Royal Family.	161

4.0. An Adi to grant to His Majesty, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and eight, a Duty upon Malt made in Ireland, and upon Spirits made or distilled in Ireland, and to allow certain Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof. 162

41.	An Adi to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Gay of March One

thousand eight hundred and eight, and from thence until the End of the then next SefiLn of Parliament, an Adi made in the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty* s Reign, for appointing Com-miflioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments received in several Publick Offices in Ireland; to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the same, and into the Mode of receiving, colledling, issuing, and accounting for Publick Money, in Ireland.	Ibid.

42.	An Adi to continue for Twenty-one Years, so much of certain

Adis of the Parliament of Ireland, as relate to the lighting, cleanfmg, and watching of Cities and Towns, for the lighting, cleanfmg, and watching of which no particular Frovifion is made by any Adi of Parliament.	Ibid.

43.	An Adi to declare, that the Provisions of an Adi made in the

Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-third Year of King Henry the Eighth, relating to Servants Wages, shall extend to all Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns in	Ireland.	163

44.	An Adi to amend an Adi made in the last Session of Parliament,

for regulating and providing for the Relief of the Poor and the; Management of Infirmaries	and Hofpitals	in Ireland.	164

45.	An Adi to continue an Adi made in the Parliament of Ireland,

in' the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for the better supplying the City of Dublin with Coals, and for the better Encouragement of the Collieries of Ireland.	Ibid'*

46.	An Adi for raifmg the Sum of One Million five hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities,, for the Service of Ireland. 165

47.	Au'

(.Publich General,) 470 GEO. III. Self. I.

47.	An A 61 to authorize the Payment of Prize Money anfing from

Captures made by Ships of his Sicilian Majesty in ConjUnSdon with Btitijh Ships, to the Sir Ilian Envoy, for the Ufc of the Officers and Men of such Ships ; and alio the Payment of Money arising out of Proceeds of Prizes or Captures made by any other Ships or Vessels belonging to Foreign States, in Conjunction with His Majesty’s Ships.	,	165

48. An Act to repeal so much of certain A 61s as relates to the. Regulations or Conditions under which Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Sugar, and Rice, (not being the produce oi the East Indies), are allowed to be secured in Warehouses, without Payment of Duty ; and to authorize the Collc6lors and Comptrollers of the Customs in His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America, and the West Indiest to administer certain Oaths.	Ibid.

49.	An Act for permitting the E xportation of Fullers Earth, Fulling

Clay, and Tobacco Pipe Clay, to any Place in Poffiffion of His Majesty.	168

5°. An Act to repeal the several Duties under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof; and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in	Ireland.	i6q

51.	An A6f to extend the Provilions of an Act made in the last Seflicn of Parliament, for abolishing Fees received bv certain Officers and other Persons employed in the Service of the Customs in the Port of London, and for regulating the Attendance of Officers and others so emploved, to the Out-Ports ; and to appropriate the Fees of certain aboliffied and vacant Offices in the Customs to the Superannuation

52.	An Act for enabling His Majesty to grant the Palace called I'he

King's House, with the Appurtenances, situate in Greenwich Park, in the County of Kent, to the Commissioners for the Government of The Royal Naval Asylum, and for enabling the said Commissioners to appoint a Chaplain to officiate therein.	217

53.	An Act to suspend for Twelve Months so much of an Act of

the Second Year of King James the First, intituled. An Act concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and other Artificers,- occupying the cutting of Leather, as prohibits the regrating and ingroffing of Oaken Bark.	218

54.	An A£t for inereafing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.	Ibid.

55.	An Act for charging the Sum of Twelve Millions, Part of the

Loan of Twelye Millions two hundred thousand Pounds, raised for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven, upon the Duties of Customs and Excite, granted to His Majesty during the Continuance of the present War, and for certain Periods after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace ; and for providing a Sinking Fund for the Redemption of the Stocks or Funds thereby created.	219

56.	An Act for the further regulating the Office of Treasurer of

Fund.

21 r

His Majesty’s Navy*

222

a 3

LOCAL

Hosted by

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED,

OP. PRINTED COPIES WHEREOF ARE DECLARED TO BE EVIDENCE.

i.	N Adi for extending the Term, and altering the Powers of an JTjL Ad; made in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty,

intituled, An A El to enable Robert Bowyer, of Pall Mall, in the City of Westminster, E[quire, to dispose of his Collection of Paintings, Drawings, and Engravings, together with several Copies of certain Boohs therein mentioned, by way of Chance.	223

ii.	An Adi to continue and amenu Two Adis, palled in the Fourth

and Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bicleford, in the County of Devon.	Ibid.

iii.	An Act to continue and amend Two Adis, made in the Fourth

and Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from AJhborne, in the County of Derby, over Belpar Bridge, to the present Turnpike Road from Sheffield and Cheflerfeld to Derby, at or near a Place called Open wood Gate, and from Belpar Bridge to Ripley, in the County of Derby.	Ibid.

iv.	An Adi for extending to Sums of greater Amount than Forty

Shillings, the Provisions of T1 ree Adis, pasted in the Fifth, Sixth, and Tenth Years of His present Majesty, for the Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundreds of Blachheath, Bromley and Beckenham, Rohejley otherwise Ruxley, and Little and Lefj'nefs, in the County of Kent, and oiAVallington, in the County of Surrey, and for amending the said Acts.	224

v.	An Act to continue and amend Two Adis, pasted in the Eighth

and Tenth Years of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Christopher s Bridge, in the Borough of Thetford, in the County of Suffolk, to the North-Eaft End of the Town of Newmarket, in the County of Cambridge.	Ibid.

vi.	An Act for repaii ing and improving the Road from the Honiton

Turnpike Road, near Yard Farm, in the Parish of Upottery, in the County of Devon, to the Ilminfler Turnpike Road, near the Village of Horioti, in the Parish of Ilminfler, in the County of Scmojet	Ibid.

vii.	An A cl to enlarge the Powers and extend the Jurisdiction of the

Commilfioners of Sewer$ for the City and Liberty of Wefhninfler, and Part of the County of Mi dellefex.	Ibid

viii.	An Adi for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the

Powers of an Adi pasted in the Thirty-fecond Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and improving the Road from the Town of Chapel-en le-Frith, to, or near to, Enierclough Bridge, in the County of Derby, and other Roads therein, mentioned, in the said County, and in the County Palatine of Chester.	225

ix.	An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Adis, of the Sixth and Twenty-feventh Years of His present Majesty, for r-'.pairii.;; and widening the Road from Muckley Corner to V/alfall and Wcdntjburyy and to Leigh Brook and Ocher Bill, and several

other

(Local & Perfonalf) 47° GEO. III. Self. I.

other Roads in the County of Stafford, so far as the same relate to the Two first Districts of Road therein comprized.	225

x.	An Adi for enabling theTruftees for executing an Add, pailed

in the Forty iixth Year of His p~efent Majesty, intituled, Jin Act for taking down and rebuilding the Body of the Parish Church of Chert fey, in the County of Surrey, and for repairing the 'Power thereof and building a Vefiry Room near or adjoining to the said Church, to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the Pur- ' poses pf the said Aft.	°	Hid.

xi.	An Aft for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging

the Powers of Two Acts, palled in the Thirtieth and Tuirty-feventh Years of His present Majesty, for making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Fife, and for making and keeping in Repair several other Roads in the said County.	Ibid.

xii.	An Aft for further regulating and converting the Statute Labour in the County of Fife, and for more effectually making and repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, within the said County. 226

xiii.	An Aft for regulating and converting the Statute Labour, in

the Counties of Ross and Cromarty, and that Pait of tLie County of Nairn which is locally htuated in the County of Refs and for more effectually making and repairing the Roads and Bridges within the lame ; and for making and maintaining the great Poll Road from the Confines of Invcrnefsjhire to the Confines of the Shire of Sutherland	Hid.

xiv.	An Aft to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers of an Act,

palTed in the Twenty-fifth-Year of His late Majesty, for the more easy andfpeedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town of Birmingham and Hamlet of Deriiend thereto adjoining, in the County of Warwick.	Ibid.

xv.	An Aft for enlarging the Church-yard belonging to the Farilh

of Saint Martin, in the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and for providing an additional Cemetery or Burial Ground for the Use of the said Parish.	Ibid.

xvi.	An Aft for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging

the Powers, of Two Acts, palled in the Fifth and Fifteenth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Porthaethwy Ferry to Holyhead, in the County	Angle fey. Ibid.

xvii.	An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Elf don, in the

County of Northumberland.	Ibid.

xviii An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Corfenjide, within the Manor of Ridfdale, in the County of Northumberland.	Jbid.

xix.	An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Irjleacl, in the

County of Norfolk.	Ibid.

xx.	An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Liberty or Township of B asford} in the Parish of Cheddleton, in the County o{St a ford. II id.

xxi.	An Aft for veiling in new Trustees.certain Trull Estates corn-

prized in the Settlement made on the Marriage of the. Right PIo-nourable George Venables Lord Vernon, with Louisa Barbara Lady Vernon his late Wife.	227

xxii.	An Aft for amending, altering, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Town and Port of Sandwich, in the County

’ of Kent, to the respective Towns of Margate and Ramsgate, in the Isle of Thanet, in the said County ; and for reducing, for a limited Time, the Tolls and Duties now payable at Sandwich Bridge, by

a 4.	-	virtue

The TITLES of the STATUTES;

virtue of an Adi, patted in the Twenty-eighth Year of His late Majesty.	227

xxiii.	An Adi for repealing Two Adis made in the Eighth and Eleventh Years of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading through the County of Selkirk, and for the better making and repairing the said Roads, and other Roads in the said County.

Ibid.

xxiv.	An Adi for repealing Two Adis, made in the Fourth and

Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Scots Dyke, in the County of Dumfries, by or through the Villages of Langholm and Hawick, to Haremoss, in the County of Roxburgh, and for the better making, repairing, and keeping in Repair the said Road.	Ibid.

xxv.	An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Foxley Hatch,

in the Parish of Croydon, into the Town of Reig&te, in the County of Surrey.	Ibid.

xxvi.	An Adi for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, patted in the Fifth and Twenty-fixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Little Bridge over the End of the Drain next W'tjbeach River, lying between Roper s Fields and the Bell Inn in Wifbeach, and the Isle of Ely, to the Sign of the Bear in Walfoken, in the County of Norfolk, and several other Roads in the said Adis mentioned*

Ibid.

xxvii.	An Adi for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging

the Powers, of Two Adis, patted in the Fifth and Twenty-iixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Minchead-, and from Dunjler and Watchet, in the County of Somerset, and for improving certain other Roads therein deferib'd, in the said County.	Ibid.

xxviii.	An Adi for granting to the Chapel lately rebuilt in the

Royal Hofpitai of Bridewell, all the Rights and Privileges belonging to the former Chapel of the said Hofpitai, lately taken down.	228

xxix.	An Adi to amend and render more effectual Three Adis, made

in the Eleventh, Fifteenth, and Thirty-feventh Years of His present Majesty, for the Regulation and Improvement of the Fisheries of the River Tweed,	230

xxx.	An Adi to enable The Globe Insurance Company to sue in the

Name of their Treasurer, and to inrol Annuities.	239

xxxi.	A11 Adi to enable The Albion Fire and Life Infuranre Company to sue in the Name of their Secretary, and to inroll Annuities. 241

xxxii.	An Adi to enable The London Life AJfociation to sue in the

Name of their President, and	to enroll Annuities.	Ibid.

xxxiii.	An Adi to enable Pelican Life Insurance Company to fue

in the Name of their Secretary, and to inroll Annuities.	Ibid.

xxxiv.	An Adi to enable The Provident Injlilution to sue in the Name of their managing Director, and to inroll Annuities. Ibid.

xxxv.	An Adi for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Port of Sandwich, and the Vills of Ramsgate and Sarr, and the Parishes of Minfer, Saint Lawrence, Stonar, Monkton, and Saint Nicholas, in the Isle of Thanet; Walmer, AJk next Sandwich, Eajlry, Wingham, Staple, Goodneflone next Wingham, Chittenden, Nonnington, IVcodnejborough otherwise Winjborow, Ey-

thorne

ix

(Local isf Perfona/,) 470 GEO. III. Self. I.

thorne,	otherwife Worth, Ehnjlone, Preston next Wingham, /c>L

/ww, Wickhambreuxy Wdderfharey Barfrefton, Shepherdfwell other-wife Sibbertfwould, Wymenfwould, Barham, Patrixbourn, BiJhopbourny Beakjbourn, Litllebourn, Stodmarjhy and Stourmouth, in the County of Kent.	241

xxxvi.	An A6f for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of fYz/L Owen, Rowley Regis, Harbourne, Bromwich, Tipton, and the Manor of Bradley, in the Counties of Worcester, Salop, and Stafford.	242

^xxvii. An A£t to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, palled in the Fifteenth Year of His present Majesty, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundred of Elloe, in the County of Lincoln, and for extending the Jurisdiction of the Court constituted by the Paid A6i to the Parishes of Surjleet and Gofberton, in the Hundred of Kir ton, in the said County.	Ibid.

xxxviii.	An A£l for altering and enlarging so much of the Powers

of several Acts, made in the Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, Eleventh, Fourteenth, and Thirtieth Years of His present Majesty, for paving, cleanftng, lighting, and watching the Streets and other Places within the City and Liberty of Wefiminjler and Parts adjacent, as relate to the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint George Bloomfburyy in the County of Midcllesex, and to certain Places called Holborn above the Bars, and Middle Row, in Holborn, in the said County, and for the better Regulation of the Nightly Watch of the said Parishes.	Ibid.

xxxix.	An Act for incloftng and draining certain Lands in the Parish

of Martham, in the County of Norfolk.	Ibid.

xh An Act for enabling certain Persons therein named to carry into Execution a Partition lately made under a Decree of His Ma-jefty’s Fligh Court of Chancery, of the Moyfer Estate, in the County of Torky and the County of the City of Torky on the Part of the Reverend Richard Gee, Robert Whyte Esquire, and Thomas-Metcalfe Esquire.	Ibid.

xli. An A£f for incloftng Lands in theTownfhip of Crojby, in the Parishes of Frodingham and Flixboroughy in the County of Lincoln,

243

xlii. An A£t for incloftng Lands in the Parish of Mere, in the County of Wilts.	^	Ibid.

xliii. An Act for incloftng and draining Lands within the Parishes of Repps with Baflwick and Eccles next the Seas in the County of

fTorfolk.	Ibid•

LOCAt,

X

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

I.	A N Aft for naturalizing Tebaldo Monzant.

A 2, An A<ft for naturalizing Jean Jaques Schenck.

3.	An Aft to relieve Francis Lord DeDunfanville from certain Difabi-lities and Penalties, in consequence of his having fat in the House of Peers during a Debate therein, without being duly qualified by taking the Oaths and making the Declaration prelcribed by Law, and subscribing the same respectively.

4.	An Aft for incloiing a certain Tract of Commonable Land, in the Parish of C offing ton, in the County of Somerset.

5. An Act ior inclofmg Lands in the Parish of Downhatherley, in the County of Gloucester.

[Find for making Compensation for Tythesd]	■

6.	An Act for naturalizing slime Lallemand.

7.	An Aft for naturalizing John Vanden Kerckhove.

8.	An Aft for naturalizing Frederick Duerr.

9.	An Aft for naturalizing John Lewis Fleming.

:io. An Act for naturalizing David Conjlantine Zacharias.

II.	An Aft for naturalizing John James Overbeck.

12.	An Aft for inclofmg Lands; in the Township of Alne, in the North Riding .of the County of Fork.

13.	An Aft for inclofmg the Commons and Waste Lands in the Parish of Middle, in the County of Salop.

14.	An Aft for naturalizing Andrew Amalric and Francis Amalric an Infant.

15.	An Aft for inclofmg Lands in the Parish of Memburyy in the County of Devon.

16.	An Aft for inclofmg Lands in the Parish of Stalham, in the County of Norfolk.

17.	An Aft for inclofmg Lands in the Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of Fork.

[And for making Compensation for Vicarial Tythes.]

18.	An Aft for inclofmg Lands in the Parish of Ringwood, in the County of Southampton.

19.	An Aft for inclofmg Lands in Oundle, and in the Hamlet of AJhton, in the Parish of Oundle, in the County of Northampton.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

20.	An Aft for inclofmg Lands in the Parish of Hopcmanfel, in the County of Hereford.

21.	An Act for inclofmg Lands in the Parish of Wcjl Bag borough, in the County of Somerset.

22- An Act for incloiing Wejlwood Common, in the Parish of Much WerJocky in the County of Salop.

23.	An Aft for inclofmg Lands in the Parishes of Ikhester, Stoke-under-Hambden3 Tintinhull, AJhingtony and Lymington, in the County of Somerset.

/

24. An

f Local ts9 Personal, not printed,J 47° GEO. III. Self. I.

24.	An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Backwell, in the County of Somerset.

25.	An A&i for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Corse Mulien, in the County of Dorset.

26.	An A£t for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Salford, in the County of Bedford.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

27.	An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Frit* well, in the County of Oxford.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

28.	An A £1 for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet or Chapelry of Queen-hill, in the Parish of Ripple, in the County of Worcester.

[Andfor making Compensation forTythesl\

29.	An Act for naturalizing Francis William Fagell.

30.	An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Newport Pagnell, in the County of Buckingham.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes. ]

A TABLE

A

TABLE

Containing THE TITLES of all

THE STATUTES,

Pafl*ed in the FIRST Sefiion of ^the FOURTH Parliament

OF THE

United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland;

47 GEORGE III. Self. 2.

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

• A N Adi to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eight, several Adis for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into and exported from Ireland.	245

t. An Adi to i-evive and continue, until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Sefiion of Parliament, Three Adis pafied in the Thirty-seventh, Forty fifth, and Forty-fixth Years of His- Majesty’s Reign, for carrying into Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, between His Majesty and the United States of America; and for empowering His Majesty to fuspend, before the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, the Provisions of the said Ads, for such Period as His Majesty may deem expedient.	Ibid,

3.	An Adi to indemnify Persons who have advised or acted under

an Order of Council for making Regulations with respect to the Navigation and Commerce between His Majesty’s Subjects and the Subjects of the United States of America.	246

4.	An A<tl to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Major

General Sir John Stuart, Knight of the raoft Honourable Order of the Bath, in Consideration of the eminent Services which he has rendered to His Majesty and the Publick.	Ibid.

3. An Adi for empowering the Commissioners of Kilmainhatn Hof-pital to make Rules and Regulations for the Payment of Pensions to Soldiers on the Eftablifiim^nt of that Hospital.	247

6. An Adi for railing the Sum of Three millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Sendee of Great firitaip for the Year One t^ioufand eight hundred ^ seven.	248

?• An

(Pullick General,) 470 GEO. III. SeflT. %•

■ 7. An Act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year	One thousand eight hundred	and

seven.	248

8 An Act concerning Common Recoveries suffered in Copy-hold or Customary Courts by Attorney.	249

9.	An Aft for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be

raised by Lotteries.	250

10.	An Aft for encouraging the Export of Salted Beef and Pork

from Ireland.	‘273

11.	An Aft to provide for the Recovery of Penalties under certain Acts, made in the Forty-fe\enth Year of His present Majesty, for securing the Rates and Duties in Ireland in respect of Dwelling Houses, Fire Hearths, Windows, Male Servants, Horses, Dogs, and Carriages ; and on Licences to Persons dealing in Exciseable Commodities; and on Paper and Paper Hangings; and to alter the Condition of certain Bonds to be given by Brewers in Ireland.

12.	An Aft to make further Regulations with respect to Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail in Ireland.

276

13.	An Aft to suppress Insurrections, and prevent the Disturbance

of the Public Peace in Ireland.	284

14.	An Aft to repeal certain Duties of Excise, and also certain Stamp

Duties in Ireland, and to grant certain new Stamp Duties in lieu thereof; and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland.	296

15.	An Aft to provide for the regulating and securing the Collection

of the Duty on Gold and Silver Plate, wrought or manufactured in Ireland.	306

K). An Act to grant to His Majesty, until the 5th Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eight, certain Duties on the Importation, and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize into and from Ireland. 313

17.	An Aft to amend an Aft made in the Forty-iixth Year of His

present Majesty, for the regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland.	330

18.	An Aft to provide for the Decrease and Suspension. in certain

Cases, of Part of the Countervailing Duties on Briti/lj Refined Sugar imported into Ireland.	342

19.	An Aft to continue, until theTwenty-ninthDay of September One

thousand eight hundred and eight, and to amend Two Acts, made in the Parliament of Ireland, to regulate the Trade of Rectifying Spirits.	^	^	343

20.	An Aft to enable His Majesty to appoint the Chancellor of the

Exchequer, for the Time being in I elands One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer in England, without Salary.	346

21.	An Aft to continue, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September

One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, an Act, pafied in Ireland in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of His present Majesty, respecting certain Annuities.	347

22.	An Act to continue, until theTwenty-ninthDay of September One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, an Act, pafied in

Ireland

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

Ireland in the Thirty-fixth Year of His present Majesty, for the-Improvement and Extension of the Fiiheries on the Coasts of Ireland.	3 4	S'

23.	An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Forty-third Year of His

present Majesty, for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Fifty thoiifand Pounds for building Glebe Houses in Ireland.	Ibid.

24.	An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, concerning the Difpoution of certain Real and Personal Property of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and also of the Real and Personal Property of Her Majesty, and of the Queen Confort for the Time being. 34.9

25.	An Act for the more convenient Payment of Half Pay and

Pensions, and other Allowances to Officers and Widows of Officers, and to Persons upon the Compassionate Lift.	33:1

26.	An Act for defraying, until the Twenty-fifth Bay of March

One thousand eight hundred and eight, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia cf Ireland; for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for Offences committed during the Time such Militia shall not be embodied and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace.	354

27.	An Act to authorize his Majesty to permit the Importation of Naval Stores from any Place in Ships belonging to States at Amity with His Majesty, and navigated in any Manner whatever.

35 S’

28.	An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s

Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven.	Ibid.

29.	An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of

the Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven.	356

>30. An Act to amend several Laws of Evcife in Great Britain relating to the Duties on Salt, Sope, Paper, Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Spirits, and Glass and for restoring Seizures in certain Cafes	Ibid.

31.	An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, and amend so much of an .Act, made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant-Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament.	368

32 An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Brita n, while difernbodied. 369

33.	An A 61 to continue until the Fir ft Bay of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, an Act of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for appointing Ccmmiflioners to enquire into the Public Expenditure, and the Condutft of the PublicBufinefs in the military Departments therein mentioned.	Ibid.

3.]. An Act to make the Port cf jimjlerdam, in the Island of Cura-coa, a free Port.	Ibid.

3	7. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify them Gives for Offices and Employments ; and for extending the Times limited fur those Pimp ole s respectively, until

the

(Publick General,) 470 GEO. III. SefT. %.

the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thonfand eight hundred and eight, and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thonfand eight hundred and eight.	369

36.	An Act to enable the Trustees of the Britifi Museum to exchange,

fell, or dispose of such Parts of the Collections, and under such Restrictions as are therein specified.	370

37.	An Ad to revive and continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, an Ad of the Forty-fixth year of His present Majesty, for altering and amending several Laws relating to the Duties of Excise upon Malt. * Ibid.

38.	An Aft for permitting, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March

One thousand eight hundred and nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Sefiion of Parliament, the Importation of certain enumerated Articles into the Britlflo Colonies on the Continent of North America, from the United States of America, and the Exportation of other enumerated Articles from the same Coionics, to the said States.	Ibid.

39.	An Act for more effectually charging Publick Accountants with

Interest upon Balances ; and for other Purposes relating to the palling of Publick Accounts.	372

40.	An Act to alter the Practice of 'Courts of Equity, in Suits in

which Members of Parliament are Defendants.	375

41.	An Act to enable the Eqjl India Company to raise Money upon

Bond instead of increasing their Capital Stock.	376

42.	An Ad to continue until the First Day of June One thousand

eight hundred and ten, and from thence to the End of the then next Sefiion of Parliament, and amend an Ad of the Forty-fecond Year of His present Majesty, for more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace in such Parts of the Coun-r ties of Middlesex and Surrey as lie in and near the Metropolis 5 and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies.	377

43.	An Ad to revive and continue, until the End of the next Sefiion

of Parliament, an Ad of the Forty-fixth Year of His present Majesty, for suspending Proceedings in Actions and other Proceedings relating to the Woollen Manufadure.	3	7	S

44.	An Ad for transferring to His Majesty, certain Foffeffions and

Rights vested in the Sierra Leone Company, and for shortening the Duration of the said Company, and for preventing any dealing or trafficking in the buying or felling of Slaves within the Colony of Sierra Leone.	Ibid.

45/ An Ad to enable His Majesty to grant to Her Majesty the Queen a capital Messuage, called .Frogmore, and divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Pari flies of New Windsor and Old Windsor, in the County of Berks, and a Piece of Land in IVyrothJbury, in the County of Bucks, for a Term of Ninety-nine Years, if Her Majesty and the Princesses, Her Five younger Daughters, or any of them, shall so long live, for and in lieu of Her Majefty>s present Terms and Interest therein ; and also to make Exchanges. 380

46. An Ad to repeal certain Provisions of an Act, passed in the Forty-fixth Year of His present Majesty, for inquiring into the State of Wiidfor Foreji!, in the County of Berks, and for afeertain-

2	ivg

xvi

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

ing the Boundaries of the said Forest, and of the Lands of the Crown within the same; and to amend the said Aft.	381

.47. An Act to grant certain Duties on Callicoes, Muffins, Cotton Yarn, and Cotton Twist, of the Manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland respectively, on their Importation into either Country from the other, according to the Regulations contained in the Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland.	382

48,	An Aft to continue until the Twenty-ninth Day of September

One thousand eight hundred and eight, several Acts for the better Collection and Security of the Revenues of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein.	385

49.	An Aft for allowing a Drawback on certain Linens exported

from Great Britain to the JVeJl Indies.	Ibid.

5©. An Act to amend an Aft, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fifth YearofHis prefentMajefty’s Reign, forerefting and establishing Publiclnfirmaries or Hospitals in Ireland.	3 8	6

51.	An Aft to revive and continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of

March One thousand eight hundred and eight, an Aft of the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Brltifh	Fifheries.	388

52.	An Aft to repeal so much of an Aft of thelaft Session of Parlia-

ment, as relates to the Payment of Duty on Coffee and Cocoa Nuts when exported from the Warehouse in which the same shall have been secured.	Ibid.

53.	An Aft to enable His Majesty’s Poflmafter General to open and

return Letters directed to Hamburgh or other Places Abroad, and which have been or shall have	been returned or not sent.	389

54.	An Aft to prevent improper Persons from having Arms in

Ireland.	393

53'. An Act for allowing a certain Proportion of the Militia in Ireland, voluntarily to enlist into His Majesty’s Regular Forces. 397

56.	An Aft for increasing the Militia of Ireland, under certain Limitations and Restrictions.	398

57.	An Aft for allowing a certain Proportion of the Militia in Great Britain voluntarily to enlist into His Majesty’s Regular Forces.

58.	An Aft for encouraging the Exportation of Salt from Ireland.

406

59.	An Aft to amend an Aft of the Forty-fixth Year of His Majesty.

for the better Regulation of the Office of Receiver General of the Post Office in England.	407

60.	An Aft to give further Time for purchafmg the Legal Quay*

and Warehouses, in the Port of London.	40$:

61.	An Aft to repeal certain Duties on Foreign Goods, Wares, anc

Merchandize exported from Great Britain to Ireland.	Ibid

62.	An Aft to fuspend, until the First Day of May One thoufam

eight hundred and, eight, the Payment of all Drawbacks on Spirit; made or distilled in Great Britain or Ireland, and exported fron either Country to the other respectively.	40c

63.	An Aft for repealing the Duties and Drawback payable on Silks and for granting other Duties and another Drawback in lieu thereof

ibid

64.	An Aft to allow the Bounty now payable on British Callicoe

and Cottons exported to Gibraltar to be paid on the same Article when exported to Malta.	41

3	<>j.	Ai

Hosted by

(Publick General0 470 GEO. III. Sefi.

65.	An Adi to exempt Sales of West India Produce, by the West

Indlia Dock Company, for Payment of Duties and Charges, from the Auction Duty.	411

66.	An Adi to make more effectual Provision for the Prevention of

Smuggling.	'	1	412

67.	An Ad to permit, until the End of the next Session of Parlia-ment, the Importation of Snvecl/Jh Herrings into Great Britain. 43 1

68.	An Adi for the better Government of the Settlements of Fort

Saint George and Bombay ; for the Regulation of Publick Banks ; and for amending so much of an Act, palled in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Periods at which the Civil Servants of the East India Company may bs'employed in their Service Abroad.	432

69.	An Adi for discharging from the Claims of the Crown certain

Real and Personal - Elates belonging to General De Lancey, late Barrack Mailer General, and veiled in Trustees for Sale.	437

70.	An Adi for maintaining and preserving a Military Canal and

Road, made from S borne!ff in the County of AW, to Cliff End in the County of Sifsex, and for regulating the taking of Rates and Tolls thereon.	, Ibid.

y I.' An Adi for the speedily completing the Militia of Great Britain, and increaiing the same, under certain Limitations and Reflridlions.

44r

72. An Adi for raising the Sum of Five hundred thousand. Pounds by Treasury Bills for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven.	462

73* An A cl for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Four millions five hundred thousand Pounds, for the Service of Great Britain.

Ibid.

74.	An Adi for more efFedlually securing the Payment of the Debts

A>f Traders. t	Ibid.

75.	An Adi for fnfpending the Operation of an Adi of the Thirty-

iixth Year of His present Majclly, for the further Support and Maintenance of Curates within the Church of England, and for other Purposes in the said A<St mentioned, so far as relates to the Avoidance of Benefices by the Incumbents thereof having accepted, augmented Curacies.	.	463

76.	An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money

out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and for applying certcgit Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thouiand eight hundred and seven, and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.	465

77.	An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement for an Exchange

of Lands between His Majesty and David Jebb Esquire, in the Pari fit of Eghapi in the County of Surrey.	-	474

78.	An Adi for veiling the capital Meffnage, with the Appurtenances,

iituate in William Street, in the City of Dublin, now or lately inhabited by the Right Honourable Lord P0averfcourt, in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and for applying the Purchase Money in Manner therein mentioned.	Ibid*

5CVU

4- Geo. TIL

h

LOCAL

Hosted by

xi m

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED,

OR PRINTED COPIES WHEREOF ARE DECLARED TO BE EVIDENCE

I

i.	A N AS. for the more ipeedy and easy Recovery of Small Debts jlA in the Borough- and Pari hi of Boston, and the Hundreds of Shirkbcch and Kirto-n (except the Pari lues of Gojbertcn and Sin-

fleet) in the County of Lincoln.	475

ii.	An A Pc for conftrudling a Pier and Harbour at 'or near the Town

of Fclhejlone, in the County of Kent.	Ibid,

iii.	An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Adi, of the Thirty-

ninth Year of His present Majesty, for amending-Two Adis, of the Twenty-eighth and Thirty-eighth Years of His present Ma-jelty, for enlarging and improving the Plarbour of Leith, for making certain new Streets and Roads, and widening others adjacent to and connected with the said Harbour.	4y6

iv.	An Act for erecting a County Hall, and other Offices, for the

County of Perth.	Ibid.

v.	An Act to enable the London Dock Company to purchase certain

Water Works in the Parishes of Stratford, Weftham, Bow, Bromley, Kile End, and Stepney, and other Parishes adjacent; and to amend the several Adis for making Wet Docks and other Works for the Accommodation of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London.	Ibid.

Ti. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Adi, palled in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present MajeRy, for taking down and rebuilding the Gaol of the Castle of Chefer, the Pro-thonotary’s Office, the Exchequer Record Rooms, and other Offices and Buildings adjoining, or near to the said Gaol.	477

vii.	An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts

within the Pari flics of Saint John the Baptist, Saint Peter the ylpoflle and Birchington, and the Fill of Wood, in the Isle ofTha.net, and County of Kent.	1	Ibid.

viii.	An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Adi, pafied

in the Ninth Year of His present Majefcy, for the better paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching the Streets and Lanes in the Parish and Borough of New Wind for, in the County of Berks, and for preventing Nuisances therein.	Ibid.

ix.	An A.cl for amending several Adis, for making and maintain-

ing a Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation, to the City of Oxford.	478

x.	An Adi for making and maintaining a Road from Birmingham, in

the County of Warwick, to join the Lichfield Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Shenjlone, in the County of Stafford, and for making a Branch of Road to communicate therewith.	Ibid.

xi.	An Adi for repairing and maintaining certain Roads in theCounty

of Dumbarton, and building Bridges thereon.'	Hid.

xii.	An Adi for the more effectually repairing certain Roads in the

Counties of Salop, Denbigh, and Merioneth,	Ibid.

xiii. Ah

([Local & Personal,) 470 GEO. III. Self. 2,

xiii.	Ati Aft for making and maintaining Roads from Percy's Croft

to Mllfield Burn, and from Wooler to Bow felon Burn, in the County of Northumberland.	47	8

xiv.	An Aft for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging

the Powers of Two Acts, palled in the Fourth and Twenty-fifth. Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley to Kexby Bridge, in the County of York.	Ibid.

xv.	An ABi for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from Brampton to Longtown, in the County of Cumberland, and for erecting a Bridge over the River Line upon the said Road.,

Ibid.

xvi.	An Aft for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging

the Powers of an Aft, palled in the Twenty-lixth Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Fleokerjbrook Bridge to the South End of Wilderfpool Causeway, and from the Town of Frodjham to jdjhton Lane End, in the County of Chester, so far,as respects the Chfjler District of the said Roads, and for extending the same from the present Termination thereof at Flookerjbrook Bridge aforesaid, to the North End of Covu Lane Bridge, in the City of Chester, and for making 3- new Road from such proposed Extension of the said Road to the North End of Queen Street, in the same City.	Ibid.

xvii.	An Aft for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarg-

ing the Powers of an Aft, palled in the Twenty-lixth Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Flookerfhrook Bridge, in the Town flip of Newton near Chester, to the South End of Wilderfpool Causeway, and from Frodjham to NJhton Lane End, in the County of Chester, so far as relates to the Frodjham District of the same Road.	479

xviii.	An Aft for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging

the Powers of Two Acts, palfed in the Fifth and Twenty-fixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Kipping s Croft, in the Parish of Brenchley, in the County of Kent, to Wilfley Green, in the Parish of Cranbrooke, and from a Place near Goudhurfl Gore to Stilebridge, and from Underden Green to Wanjhutt' $ Green, in the County of	Kent.	Ibid.

xix.	An Aft for reviving, continuing, and enlarging the Powers of

an Aft, of the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the South-eaft End of Loughborough, in the County of Leirester, to Derby Bridge, near the Rushes, and from thence to the South End of Cavendish Bridge, in the same Count).	Ibid.

xx.	An Aft for repairing, and keeping in Repair, several Roads

in the County of Perth.	Ibid.

xxi.	An Aft for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging

tthe Powers of several Acts, palled in the Fifth, Sixth, and Twenty-lixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Tonbridge to Maidstone, and from Watt's Croft to Cowden, in the County of Kent, so far as they relate to the Road from Tonbridge to Maidflone.	Ibid.

xxii.	An Aft for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, of the Fifth and Twenty-lixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from

b	2	Wadhurj%

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

IVadhnrJ?, in the County of StiJJex, to the Turnpike Road at L amber hurjl Pound and Pullen s Hill, in the County of Kent,and from thence to West Farley Street, in the County of Kent. 479

xxiii.	-An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Stibbington-cum-Wandesfordy othenvife Wanchford, and the Hamlet of Siofon, within the said Parish, in the Counties of Huntingdon and Northampton.

Ibid.

xxiv. An A 61 for inclofmg Lands in the Parish of Longh ought on, in the County of Northumberland.	480

xxv.	An Act for inclofmg Lands in the Manors and Township of

Hunt on, in the North Riding of the County of Tor k.	Ibid.

xxvi.	An Act for inclosing Chew Moor, in the Township of Lojloc 7A in the Parish of Bolton in the Moors, in the County Palatr^, cf

Lancapr. _	_	/

xxvii.	An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parishes -0'f

and Lejbury, in the County of No. thumb a land.	Ibid.

xxviii.	An Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parish es

and Grajsham, in the County of Huntin'*Hid.

xxix.	An Aft for amending, rencKrtn| roore effectual, and con-

tinuing Parts of an Aft, rft Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of His prefent	f01-	extending	the	Royally	of the City of

GJaJgO'Wover certain adjacent Lands, for paving, lighting, and Heaufiug the Streets, and other Furpofes in the said Act mentioned,'	Ibid.

xxx.	An A 61 for the better Relief of the Poor of the Parish of

Chrijlchurch, in the County of Middtefex.	Ibid.

xxxi.	An Act to authorize the Advancement of further Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund to be applied in completing the Canal across the Isle of Hogs, and erecting other Works there, and for effecting other Improvements of the Port of London, in Execution of certain A6ls already palled for those Purposes

Ibid.

xxxii.	An A 61 to enable Plis Majesty to grant the Citadel and Walls of the City of Carlljle, and certain Grounds adjoining thereto, to the Justices of the Peace for the County of Cumberland, for building

Courts of Justice for the Paid County, and for other Purposes relating thereto.	*	481

xxxiii.	An A 61 for ascertaining and establishing the Rates of Whar-' sage, Cannage, Plankage, Anchorage, and Moorage, to be received

at the lawful Quays in the Port of Bristol; for the Regulation of the Cranekeepers in the said Port; and for the better Regulation of Pilots and Pilotage of VelTels navigating the Brljlol Channel.

Ibid.

xxxiv.	An Act for empowering the Justices of the Peace for the County of Kent, to make a fair and equal County Rate for the said County, and provide convenient Court Houses for holding the

‘Affixes and General Quarter Sessions of the Peace,, and other Publick Meetings, within the said County.	Ibid*

xxxv.	An Act to enable the Reverend Alban Thomas Jones Gnvynne%

■ his Heirs and Assigns, to repair and enlarge, or rebuild the Quay or

Pier within the Harbour or Port of Aberayron, in the County of Cardigan, and to improve the said Plarbour, and to regulate the Moorings, of Ships and VefTels therein*	482

2	xxxvi, Aa

Hosted by

(Local & Personal,) 470 GEO. III. Scff.2.

xxxvi.	An Aft to enable His Majesty to veil the Sands of Traeth

Mawr, dividing the Counties of Carnarvon and Merioneth, in William Alex ancle■- Madocks Esquire.	,	489

xxxvii.	An Aft to explain, amend, and render more effectual, several

Acts, for improving the Navigation of the River Loyne, otherwise Lune and for building a Quay or Wharf near Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster '	Ibid.

xxxviii.	An Aft for more effectually paving the Streets, and other

Places, within that Part of the Parifn of Saits1 Botolph Aldgate, which lies in the County of Middlesex, and Part of a Street called East Smith field dm the Precinct of Saint Catherine, and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the same, and for preventing Annoyances therein.	490	;

xxxix.	An Aft to amend an A 61, of the Third Year of His present

Majesty, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, in the Plundreds of Bradford, Melksham, and Whorlfdown, in the County of Wilts, and for extending the Towers of the said Act to other Places in the said County.	Ibid.

xl. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Town of Gravesend, and the Hundredsof Toltbigtrongh, Hartford, Wilmington, and Aoctane, in the County of Kent.	Ibid.

xli. An Act for continuing Three Acts, of the Sixth Year of King Georgs the First, in the Twentieth Year of Ivin ^George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-fixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Beer or Ale vended or fold within the ' Town of Burntisland, and Liberties thereof, in the County of Fife, and for increasing the Publick Revenue of the said Town.	Ibid.

jdii. An Act to revive and continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, of the Twenty-fecond Year of His late Majesty, and the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-fixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale or Beer brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold in the Burgh of Kinghorn, in the County of Fife.	491

xliii. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Thames, from the Parish of Sutton Courtney, in the County of Berks, to the Parish of Ciilham, in the County of Oxford.	Ibid.

xliv. An Act to enable His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to grant Letters Patent for establishing a Theatre or Play-house,under certain Restrictions, in the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick.	Ibid\

xlv. An Act for amending an Aft of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads through the County of Lanark, and for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, at or near a Place called The How ford, in the said County ; and for making more effectual, and converting, the Statute Labour within the said County \ and for repairing and regulating the Roads within tire same.	Ibid.

xlvi. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Aft of the Twenty-fixth Year of His present Majesty for repairing and widening the Road from lUage> in the County

13

- The TITLES of the STATUTES,

of Derby, through Alfreton to Tib/helf\ and a Branch from the same Road, at or near Shirland Lodge, to Higham, in the same County.

491

xlvii. An Act for continuing the Term, aitd enlarging the Powers of Two Ads of the Tenth and Thirty-firft Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Brighthelmston to Lovell ■Healby in the County of Stiffen, and for amending, a certain Piece of Road to communicate therewith.	492

xlviii. An Act for continuing and amending Two Ads of theFifth and Twenty-fixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Great Grimjby Haven, at or near Upper Sand Etui, to IVoldNewton Churchy and from Nun's Farm to the Mill Field, in the Parish of Irby, in the County of Lincoln.	Ibid.

xlix. An Ad to revive and continue the Term and Powers of an Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Ip/wich to South Town, and from the said Road at Beech Lane, in the Parish of Darjloam, to Bungay, in the County of Suffolk. .	Ibid.

1.	An Act to amend, and render more effectual, so much of an Ad of the Thirty-third Year of His late Majesty, for draining certain Fen Lands in the Isle of Ely, and Countiesof Suffolk. and Norfolk, near Mildenball River, and empowering the Coniervators of Bedford Level to fell certain Fen Lands, as relates to the Lands in the Second District described in the said Ad.	Ibid.

li.	An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers .of an Ad of the Thirty-feventh Year of His present Majesty, for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from Rochdale through Barnford and Birtlc to Bury, and for making Three Branches of Road therefrom, in the County of Lane after.	Ibid\

lii. An A 61 to continue and amend Three A6ts, passed in theFifth, Seventh, and Twenty-fixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing certain R.oads therein mentioned, leading from Chatteris Ferry to the Town of IVtfbech Saint Peter's, in the Isle of Ely, and other Places in the said Ads mentioned.	Ibid.

liii. An Ad to revive and continue the Term and Powers of Two

A.ds, of the Third and Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for amending the Roads from Penryn, in the County of Cornwall, to Redruth, in the same County.	Ibid.

liv. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Ad of the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Cambridge to a Place called Long Leys, and from Cambridge to Royfton, in the Counties of Cambridge and Essex.	493

Iv. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Ads, of the Sixth and Twenty-feventh Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and amending the Road from the present Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Hwjley, in the County of Southampton, through the Borough of Andover to the Town of Newbury in the Courity of Berki, and from Newbury to Chilton Pond and Newtown River.	Ibid.

ivi„ An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Ads, of the Fifth and Twenty-fixth Years of

His

[Local inf Perfonal>) 4*7° GEO. III. Sell. 2.	£Xi

His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from the River at Swathling, through Bothy, to the Turnpike Road at Sherril Heath, in the County of Southampton.	493

Ivii. An Act for veiling several Manors and Hereditaments in the Counties of Lincoln, Suffolk, Ejfsex, Parts of the Settled Estates of the Right Honourable Frcdet ick William Earl of Brijbsl in Trustees, upon \ rust to fell, and for laying out the Monies arifmg from such Sales in the Purchase of more convenient Estates, a:*d , for other Purposes therein mentioned.	Ibid.

3viii. An Act for veiling Part of the Settled Estates of the Right Honourable Philip Earl of Chejlerjield in Trustees, in Trust to be fold, and for laying out the Monies arifmg from such Sales in the Purchase of o. her'Estates, to be settled to the same Uses. Hid. lix. An Act to enable Henrietta West Spinster, and James West Esquire, and their Lessee for the Time being, to grant Building Leales of certain Lands (deviled by the Will of Sarah JVcJl deeeafed) in the PariIh of Saint Mary jk-jagdeden Benuondfey, in the County of Surrey.	Ibid.

lx. An Act for veiling certain Estates of Mary Fcjler and George Edward Graham Elquire, and Mary his Wife, in King's Lynn and South Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, in Trustees, upon Trust to fell the lame, and to stand polfefled of the Monies arifmg from the Sale thereof, upon the Trusts therein	mentioned.	Ibid.

Ixi. An Act for settling the Right of Patronage or Presentation of or to a Chapel, to be called Shireoaks Chapel, in the fa rift) of Work• fop, in the County of Nottingham.	494

Ixii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Pari flies of Rhuddlati, Saint Afaph, Diferth, and Ovum in the County of Flirt.	Ibid1

lxiii An Act for incloiing the Lands of Thorpe in the County of Surrey.	Ibid.

Jxiv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of JVheflon and TideJwell9 and in the Manor of Tide/well, in tie County ol Derby.

Ibid

ixv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Town ship 0 f Bramham, in the West Riding of the County of York.	Ibid.

lxvi. A11 Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parish or Shipdham, in the 1 County of Norfolk■	Ibid.

Ixvii. An Act to amend Three Acts, of the Eighteenth, Thirty-ninth, and Forty-fourth Years of His present Majesty for erecting a Court Honfe, for the holding of Sessions of the Peace in the City of Wef muffler.	Ibid.

Ik viii. An Act for repealing the several Acts for regulating the Vend and' Delivery of Coals within the Cities of London and IVeJlminJler and Liberties thereof, and in certain Parts of the Counties of Middlesex, Surry, Kent, and EJfex ; and for making better Provision for the same.	495

Ixix. An Act for enlarging the Term, and altering the Powers, of several Acts for the Maintenance and Repair of the Harbour of Dover, in the County ol Kent.	563

. Ixx. An Act to revive and continue for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Sefiion of Parliament, so much of several Acts pahed as relate to the better regulating of Pilots for conducting Ships and Vessels from Dover, Deaf and the IJls ofThanet, up the Rivers of Thames and Medway.	x	Ibid.

b 4	btxi.	An

xxiv

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

Ixxi An Acl for the Improvement of the Harbour of Tnos Cong or9 situated on the Coail of Efionecld, in the County of Carnarvon,

$67

lxxii. An Act for better supplying* with Water the Inhabitants of the Farifhes of Sir afford Boav, other wise Stratford le Bow, Saint John Hackney, Saint Mary IJlinglon, Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, and several other Parishes, Hamlets,, Townships, and Places adjacent or near thereunto, in the Counties of Middlesex and Ejfsex,	Ibid,

lxxiii. An Act to alter, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the several Parishes within the Hundred of Cosford, except the Parish of Hadleigh, and also the Parish Polstead, within the Hundred of Babergh, in the County of Suffolk.	568

lxxiv. An Act for improving, and rendering more commodious, such Part of the County and County of the City of Dublin, as is situate on the South Side of the River Anna 11fly, and West of His Ma-jefty’s Castle of Dublinand for the Appointment of an Infpec-tor of the Preferments and other Accounts of the Comity of the City arorefaid.	Ibid.

lxxv. A11 AT for paving, cleanling, lighting, and watching the Parish of Saint Michael, in the Liberties of the City ofLimerick, and adjoining the said City, and for preventing and removing the Nuisances therein.	574

lxxvi. An Act for taking down the present Church, and providing a new Church and Church-yard, in the Parish of IValIf end, in the County of Northumberland, an$ for rendering valid certain Marriages solemnized in the said Parish while the present Church has been in a State of Decay,	Ibid,

Ixxvii. Aw A(?c for Erecting n Chapel on certain extra parochial Land called Standard Hill, near the Town of Nottingham,	57>

ixxviii. 'An Act for the more fneedy and easy Recovery of Small Debts in the Soakes of Bolingbrooke and Horncastle, and othev Places, in the County of Lincoln.	1UJ.

Ixxix. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts in the Town and Borough of Ipfuich, in theCounty of Si folk.

Hid.

Ixxx. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Surrey Canal to complete the same.	Ibid.

lxxxi. An Act to alter, amend, explain, and enlarge the Powers of the several Acts passed for making and maintaining thzRochdale Canas Navigation.	Ibid*

Ixxxii. An Act to authorize the Trustees of the River IVcaverNNi-gation to open a more convenient Communication between the said River near Frodjham Bridge and the RiverMerfy, near Weflon Point, in the Township of Weflon, in the County of Chester, and to amend.Two Acts relative to the said River.	576

1-xxxiii. An Act for repealing several Acts, of the Thirty-third Year of King George the Second, and the Thirteenth and Thirty-feventh •Years of His present Majesty, for draining certain Fen Lands in the Iste of Ely, and Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, near Mildenhall River, so far as relates to the several Lands in the First District therein described, and for making better Provision for draining and preferring the said Lauds, "	Ibid*

Ixxxiv, A a

XXV

(Local & Perfcnal,) 470 GEO. III. SefT. 2.

Ixxxi-v. An Act to regulate and improve the Cattle Market* to provide a Market House, and eftablifti a Market for the Sale of, Butchers Meat and other Articles, and to make other Improvements, with-* •in the City of Chichejler, in the County of Svjfex.	$76

lxxxv. An Adi for railing and securing a Fund for the Relief of Widows and Children of Burgh and Parochial School-mailers in Scotlandi	Ibid*

lxxxvi. An Adi to explain, an Adi, of the Forty-feventh Year of His prefect Majesty, for enabling the Albion Fire and Life Insurance Company to sue in the Name of their Secretary, and to inrol Annuities.	5 §3

Ixxxvii. An Adi to explain an Adi, of the Forty-feventh Year of prefect Majesty,.for enabling the Globe Insurance Company t0 sue in the Name of their Treasurer, and to inrol Annuities lxxxviii. An Adi to explain an Adi, of the Forty-feA^h Year of His present Majesty, for enabling the Pelican Life 'rnfurance Company to sue in the Name of their Secretary, and to jnroi Annuities. 'link, lxxxix. An Adi to continue and ameo^'f wo Adis, of the Fifth and Twenty-fixth Years of His pnFent Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from LlandiL t0 Lampeter sand other places in th0 County of Carmarthen*.	Ibid,

xc. An Adi for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, ofTwc Acts, of the Fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of His prefect Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Whitby \0 Middleton, in	the County of York,	Ibid,

XC!; Am Adi for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Adis, of the Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Banbury, in the County of Oxford, through Davcntry and Catiejbach, to Lutterworth, in the County of Lei:(per.	Ibid,

xcii. An Adi for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Adis, of the Sixth and Twenty-feventh Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from High Balien, in Wednejbury, to the further End of Dad aft on Lane, and other Places therein named, in the County of Stafford.	Ibid»

xciii. An Adi for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Adis, of the Fifth and Twenty-fixth Years of Flis present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Bifid’ll to Nun-brook, and from Bradley Lane to Huddersfield, in the County of -York,	Ibid.

xciv. An Adi for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Adis for repairing the Roads from the Parish of Cranbroohe to Appledore Heath, and other Roads in the County of Kent.	'	■ 585

xcv. An Adi to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of so much of Three Adis, of the Fifth, Ninth, and Twenty-fixth Years of Flis present Majesty, as relate to the Repair of the Road from Wat's Crop to Cow den, and the Roads from Sevenoaks Co?n~ mon to Crochhurft Hatch Corner, and ferifmrf Town to Southborough, in the County of Kent,	Ibid.

xevi. An Adi for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Adi, of the Twenty-fixth Year of His prefect Majesty, for repairing so much of the Road from the Town of New-cajlle-npon-Tyne to the City of Carl fie, as lies within the County of Northumberland, j	Ibid.

xcvii. An

Hosted,

XXYl

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

xcvii. An Act for continuing* the Terra, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Adis, of the Fifth and Twenty-lixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in and near Great Tor ringtone in the County of Devon.	585

xcviii. An Adi for veiling in new Trustees the Estates late of the Right Honourable Willoughby Earl of Abingdon, deceased, in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, which have not been fold by virtue of certain Indentures of Lease and Release, dated respectively the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Days of July One thousand seven hundred and feventy-five.	^	Ibid.

xcix. An Adi for enabling Rear Admiral Bentinck, Tenant for Life under the Will of his late Father John Albert Bentin k Esquire, deceased, to charge his EHates in the County oi Norfolk with the Sums therein mentioned, for the embanking, improving, and in-creafmg the same Estates by the Means therein mentioned.	Hid,

c. An Adi for effecting the Sale of certain Real Estates, late of Henry Champneys Esquire, deceased, devised by his Will, or purchased in pursuance thereof, and for laying out the Money arising from the Sale thereof, under the Directions of the Fligh Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other EHates to be settled to the same Ules as the Estates so fold.	Ibid,

ci. An Adi for veiling certain Estates, devised by the Will of James Harrison Esquire, deceased, situate in the Counties of Lanccfler and Chester, in Trustees, in Trull to be sold for the Payment oi Debts and Legacies aiTedting the same; and after Pa)rment thereof, for the Inveflment of the Relidue of the Monies to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Ules as the Estates so fold.	Ibid.

cii. An Adi for enabling Francis Ri 'ers Esquire to graft t. Building and Repairing Leases of certain Lands in the Parish of Stebunheath, otherwise Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, devised by the Will of Francis Peete Esquire.	f'6

ciii. An Adi for veiling certain Estates, in the Parishes of Drypooland Sutton,in Holderncjs, in the County of Fork, (Part of the Estates devised by the Will of Ann Hall deceased),in Trustees in Trust to fell the same, and for laying out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the fan e Uses as the Estates so fold.	Ibid.

civ. An Adi for cffedling an Exchange between the Trustees and Vilitors of Morden Coliege, in the Parish of Charlton. in the County oi Kent, and Thompson Bonar Esquire, of certain Lands and Hereditaments in the fame	County.	Ibid.

cv. An Adi for inclofmg Lands in the Township of OJfet, in the Parish of Dewfbury, in the West Riding of the County of Fork. Paid. cvi. An Adi for inclofmg Lands in the Parish of Hurjl, in theCounties of Berks and Wilts.	Ibid.

evii. An Adi for inclofmg Lands in IJanelley, in the County of Cacr-marthen, and for leafing Part of the said Lands, and applying the Rents thereof in improving the Town and Port of Llanelly, in the said County.	Ibid.

cviii. An Act to enable His Majesty to release to the Devisees in Fee, in Trust of the Estates of Sir Charles Facers Baronet, deceased, an Annuity or Yearly Sum of Eight hundred Pounds, given by the

Will

{Local & Personal,) 47* GEO. III. Seff. 2.

Will of Mary Havers Spinfler, to Francis Alexander Frederick de> la Rochcfaucauld de Liancourt, an Alien, and the Arrears thereof.

586

cix. An Act for the more effectual Improvement of the City ofDublin, and the Environs thereof,	IhuL

* cx. An Act for deepening, enlarging, maintaining, and improving the Harbour of Peterhead, in the County of Aberdeen.	595

cxi. AnAdtfor paving, cleaniing, lighting, and watching the Town and Parish of Woolwich, in the County of Kent, and removing and preventing Nuisances therein, for. the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, for providing an additional Burial. Ground, and for regulating the Market of the said Town and Parifh	596

. cxii. An A 61 to amend an Act, of the Forty-fecond Year ofHis prefen t Maje fly, for building a new Gaol for the County of Galway* and other Purposes relating thereto; and for providing a new Sessions House for the said County.	Ibid.

cxiii. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Lancaster Canal Navigation, to vary the Course of the said Canal, and to make Railways or Roads, and to amend and render more effectual Two A6ls relating to the said Navigation.	Ibid*

cxiv. An Act for separating the Chapelries and Chapels of New-cajlIe~itnder-Lyme, Burjlem, Whitmore, Bucbiall and Bagnail and Norton in-the-Moors, from the Re6lory and Parish Church of Stoke-upon -Trent, in the County of Stafford, and for making them Five ditiin6l Re6tories and /Parifh Churches, and for enabling the Re6tor of the said Parish Church of Stoke-upon-Trent for the Time being to grant Building Leales of certain Glebe Lands belonging to the said Re6lory.	Ibid.

cxv. An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act, of theTwenty-fixth Year of His present Majesty, for making and keeping in Repair certain Roads in the Pari flies of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark, Bermondsey, and Ghrijl Church, in the County of Surrey, and for watching and lighting the said Roads. 597 cxvi. An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of an Act for repairing the Roads from lior Pa am to the Top of B ceding Hill* and from Steyning to the Top of Steyning Hill, in the County of Sujfex ; and for making a Road from the said Roads in the Parish of Beeding, by Feeding Chalk Pit, to the North East Corner of the ♦Sheep Field, in the Parish of Kingstcne by Sea in the said County.

Rid.

cxvii. An Act for improving the Navigation of a certain Part of the River Adur ; and for the better draining the Low Land lying in the Levels above Beeding Bridge, and below Mock Bridge, and Bines Bridge, all in the County of Sujfex.	Ibid.

cxviil An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Abl for vejltng certain Freehold and Copyhold EJlates devised by the Will of the late Arthur Jones Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Kent, Nottingham, Carmarthen, Cardigan, and Middlesex, and in the Cities and Liberties of London and Westminster, in Trujlees, to be fold, and for laying out the Monies to arise by such Sale, together with the Sum of Fifty- three thousand three hundred an t thirty-th ' ce F unds Three Shillings and Four-pence, Three Pounds per Centum Confoli-

dated

xxvii

xrnii

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

dated Bank Annuities, f dueling In tJye Name of the Accomptant General of the High Court of Chancery:u Tr-ujl in a certain Cause in the said Court, Macnamcira versus Jones, being the clear Residue of the Personal EJlats cf the said Deflator Arthur Jones, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments to be settled to ike same Uses, and for enabling the ra\d Trvjlees to grant Leases of the EJlates jVto be pur chafed, and also io cut Timber growing thereupon, fulject to Rcjlridtions, io far as the Trusts thereof have not been performed and carried into Execution.

597

cxix. An Act for veiling in the Right Honourable Robert Speneer, commonly called Lord Robert Speneer, in Fee Simple, Part of his Settled Eilates in the County of Suffix, in Exchange for another Estate of the said Lord Robert Speneer, in the same County, and for settling such laft-mentioned Estate to the like Uses as the said Part of his Settled Eilates stood settled.	Ibid,

cxi. An Ad to enable the surviving Trustee named in the last Will and Testament of the late Right Honourable Henry Earl of Ely, deceased, to fell the Mansion House of the said late Earl, in Ely Place, in the City of Dublin, with the Appurtenances and the Furniture to the said House belonging, and the Glades and Pictures therein ; and to lay out the Monies to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments in Ireland, and to fettle iuch Lands so to be purchased to the same Uses and lubjed to the same Limitations, as are in the said Will declared and expressed with re-fped to the said Mansion House, with the Appurtenances. 598 cxxi. An Act for the Partition of divers Lands in the Counties of Monaghan, Fermanagh, Louth, and Armagh, late the Property of Sir James Hamilton Knight, deceased, and in which Catherine Hamilton, Dorothea Hawhfloaw otherwise Hamilton, Maria William-fen otherwise Hamilton, Dacre^ Hamilton, Olivia Lu as otherwise Hamilton, Eliz beth Hamilton, the Reverend James Hamilton, Sk effing - ton Hamilton, Elinor Hamilton, Frances Lee otherwise Hamilton, and the Representatives oS. Jane Hamilton* deceased, have undivided Shares, and for the Sale of the Lands therein mentioned.	Ibid.

exxii. An Act for confirming the Sales, made under the Directions of the Lourt of Chancery, of several Estates in the Counties of Surrey, buffo:, and Kent, devised by the Will of Thomas Cooper, deceased.	Ibid,

cxxiii. An Act for the Sale of Part of the Estate of John Joseph Henry Esquire, for the Intents and Purposes therein mentioned, and for settling other Estates in lieu thereof to the same Uses, and to extend the leafing Powers of the said John Joseph Henry in respect to Part of his Estates therein mentioned.	Ibid,

exxiv. An Act for veiling the Entirety of certain SettledEftates of Sir Hugh Inglis Baronet, John Watkins Parker Esquire, and Thomas Lloyd Eiquire', and Eliza Bella his Wife, iituaie in the City of London and County of Middlesex, in Trustees, in Trust to carry intcp Execution a Contract already entered into for Sale of Part of the same Eilates, and to fell the other Part-thereof under the Directions of the Court of Chancery, and to apply the Money ariiing from the said Sales in the Manner therein mentioned.	ibid,

exxv. An Ad foy veiling Part of the Estates, in theCounty of Berks, deviled by theWill of Bartholomew Tipping Esquire, deceased, in

Truftees^

Hosted by

{Local & Perfonai;, 4f GEO. III. SefT. 2.

Trustees, in Trust to fell (he same, and /or laying out the Money arising from th.^ Sale thereof in the Purchase of other E dates, to be -fettled to the same Uses as the EftateTo fold.	998

cxxvi. .An Act for enabling Trustees to fell the Settled Estates of Johr\ ,

B.radjhaw Fletcher Esquire, (calling himself John Bradjhaw)t situate in the County of Essex, and for laying out the Monies to arise from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of Estates to be fjtuate in or near the County of Lancaster, to be settled to the same Ufes/

.	.	599

cxxvii. An Act for veiling several Fee Farm Rents and annual Sums settled by Edward Coljlon, feceased, on the Mailer, Wardens, and Commonalty of Merchant Venturers of the City of Brijlol, for the Maintenance of an Hospital and Alms-houfe in the said City, in Trustees to be fold, and for applying the Money to arife-by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments to be settled upon theTrufts on which such Fee Farm Rents and annual Sums are ' respectively held.	Ibid.

cxxviii. An Act for veiling certain Estates belonging to the See of Canterbury in Trustees for Sale, and for -applying-the Purchase Monies, together with other Monies, in the Manner therein mentioned, and for enabling the Archbishop of Canterbury to grant Building and Repairing Leases, and for other Purposes.	Ibid.

cxxix. An Act for enabling the Proprietors of the Navigation of the River Avon, in the Counties of Somerset and GlouceJler> from the City of Bath to or near Hanhanis Mills to make and maintain an Horse Towing-p^th, for the Purpose of towing and haling with ITorfes or otherwise, Boats, Ligliters, and other Vessels, up and down the said River.	IblcL

exxx. An Act for draining, embanking, and improving Lands in the Parish of Ottringham in Holderntfs, in the East Riding of theCounty of Tork.	'	Ibid.

cxxxi. An Act for prolonging the Term of certain Letters Patent assigned to Henry Fourdrinier and Scaly Fourdrinier, for the Invention of making Paper by means o fMachinery.	Ibid,•

cxxxii. An Act for making better Provision for the Support and Maintenance of the Re&or for the Time being of the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, Southwark, in the Countyof Surrey. 600 cxxxiii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the City of Tork to Kexby Bridge, and from Grlmjlon to the upper End of Stone Dale, in the County of York.	Hid.

«xxxiv. An Act for inclofnag Lands in the Parish of Brandon, in the County of Suffolk*	Hid*

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

1.	A N Act for enclofmg* Lands in the Parish of Wambrooh, in the -LA County of Dorset.

2.	An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Elton in the County of Nottingham.

O	T	-	f .

[Ana for making Compensation for Tythes.~\

3.	An Act for naturalizing Joseph Cary.

4.	An Act for naturalizing John Jacob Sicard.

5.	An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet of Upper Norton, other-wife Norton Lindsey in the County of Warwick.

[Andfor making Compensation for Tythes.

6.	An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Warkton and Little Oakley, the County of Northampton, and in the Parish of Luddingtony 111 the Counties oi Northampton and Huntingdon, or one of them.

7.	An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Weekly and dington, in the County of Northampton, and for changing in Part the Boundary between the said Two Parishes.

[And for making Compen fation for Tythes J\

8.	An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Cattiflochy in the County of Dorset.

9.	An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Pari fit of Stocklandy in the County of Dorset.

10.	An Act for incloling Lanas in the Parish of Alderton> in the County of Gloucester.

12.	An Act for inclosing Lands'in the Parish of Stanley font-largefm the County of Gloucefer.

12.	An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Horning, in the , County of Norfolk.

13.	An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Waith, in the County of Lincoln. [And for making Compensation for Tythes J\

14.	An Act for idclofmg Lands in the Manor of Knockin, in the County of Salop.

15.	An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet oV Aldington y in the Parish of Badfey, in the County of Worcefcr.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.~]

16.	An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of North Wejlon, in Portifloeacly and Wejlon in Gordanoy otherwise North IVflony in the County of Somerset.

17.	An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Pentneyy in the County of Norfolk.

18. An

(Local & Personal, not printed,) 47 0 GEO. III. Sell. 2.

28.	An Act for dividing and allotting Lands in the Parish of Herrings• well, in the County of luffolk.

[Andfor making Compensation for Tythes.]

19. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Pari flies of Holt and. Lether-ingictt, in the County of Norfolk.

20 . An'Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of Bur-ton, in the Parish of Burton, in the County Palatine of Chefer.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

21.	An Act for inclosing Lands, in the Parish of Warlingham, in the County of Surrey.

22.	An Act for inclosing Lands in the Town ships of South Kirkhy and South Elmfall, in the Parish of South Kirkhy, in the Weil Riding of the County of York.

[Andfor making Compensation for Tythes.]

An Allotment to the King in Right of his Duchy of Lancaster ; and as Lord of the Manor of South Lin fall.—Extract of the Award to he transmitted to the Duchy Court.

23.	An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Cr ought on, otherwise . Crowton, in the County of Northampton.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes. ]

24.	An Act for inclosing Lands in the Liberty of Kingswood, in the Parish of Ewell, in the County of Surrey.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

25.	An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of OJfey, in the County of Hertford.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

26.	An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Shottefhrooh and White Waltham, otherwise Waltham Abbots, in the County of Berks.

[Andfor making Compensation for Tythes J]

Allotment to the King for the Paramount Forejl Rights of the Crown as Owns? of Windsor Fo> ejl, in the Parish of While Waltham.

27.	An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hay ton, in the County of Cumberland.

2$. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of North Hykeham, otherwise North Hickham, and Skellinpthorpe, in the County of Lincoln.

29.	An Act for inclosing jLands in the Farifii of JPr angle, in the County of Lincoln.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

30.	An Act for veiling certain Eilates at Ealing, in the County of Middle]ex (devifed by the Will of the Right Honourable Elizabeth Lady Kinnaivd), in Tru frees, upon Trull to fell the same, and for applying Part of the Purchase Monies in Discharge of an Incumbrance thereupon, and for Saying out the Residue of the Monies in the Purchase of other Eftatesto be settled to the same Uses.

3	1. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of River, in the County of Kent.

Allotment to the King as Lord of the Manor of Rive:-.-—Ext rad of the Award shall be sent to the OJpce of Surveyor General of the King's- Land Revenue.

32. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Pari ill of Addle, in the West Riding of the County of York.

3	3.3*	An

XXXI

xxxii

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

S3* An AT for inclofmg Lands in Hudfveil and Hipfcvell, in the Parish of Cxi!nick, in the North Riding of the County of 'York.

[ And for making Compenfatien for Tylhcs ]

No Leafefjall be made of Vicarial'Allotments without Consent of the King as Patron of the Vicarage and Partfh Church of Catterick.

34.	An Act for inclofmg Lands in the Parish of A/hby de la Laund, in the County of Lincoln.

[fAnd for making Compenfaiion for Tythes.’]

35.	An Act tor incloling Lands in the Township of Bishop Moulton, in the Parish of Ripen, in the County of ^York.

36* An Act for inclofmg Lands in the Hamlet of Paminglon, in the Parish of Af church, in the County of Gloucejlcr.

[ And for making Compenfaiion for Tylhcs.~\

37.	An Act for inclofmg Lands in the Manor, Town, Borough, and Liberty of Saint Clears, in the County of Carmarthen.

38.	An Act for inclofmg Lands in thg. Parish of Mildenhall, in the County of Suffolk.

[Aral for making Compenfaiion for Tylhcs.]

39.	An Act for ihclofing Lands in the Township of Low JDnnsforth, in the Parish of Aldkorough, in the County of York.

[.And for making Compensation for Tylhcs. ]

Allotment to the Kings Lcffee in Right of certain Lands.—Extract of Awardfrail be sent to Land Revenue Office.

40.	An AT for inclofmg Lands in the Parish of Torpenhow, in the County of Cumberland.

[ Andfor making Compensation fer Tylhcs A\

41.	An AT for inclbfing Lands in the Manor of Fitton, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary's, and otHer Parishes therein mentioned, in the County of Norfolk.

4:. An AT to explain and amend an AT of the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, for dividing and draining Lands in the Parifhe3 of Sawtry All Saints, and Sanvtry Saint Andrew, in the County of Huntingdon.

[And for making Compensation for Tyihes,^\

43.	An AT for inclofmg Lands in the Parish of Chrshall, in»the County of EJfex.

[And for making Compensation for TythesS]

44.	An AT for inclofmg Lands in the Manors and Parishes of Ded~ dington and Great Bar ford, otherwise Barford Saint Michael, in the County of Oxford.

45.	An AT for inclofmg Lands in the Parish of Broughton Hackett,

. otherwise Hacketts Broughton, in the County of Wore eft er.

[And for making Compenfaiion for Tythes V\

No Lease of Allotment to Rector without Consent of the King as Patron of the Rectory of Broughton Hackett.

46.	An AT for naturalizing Louis Frangols Nicolas Frebout.

47.	An AT to empower the Trustees and Viikors of the Coliege, commonly called Sir John Morions Coliege, Situate on Black heath, in the County of Rent, to fell a certain Piece or Parcel of Land, and other Hereditaments, iituate at Greenwich, in the said County of Kent, Part oi the Lilate or the said Coliege, to the Commissioners

and'

Hosted by

Goo<

[Local idf perform!, not printed,) 470 GEO. III. Seff.2.

and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of Kent, and to apply the Money arifmg by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands to be applied to the like Uses,

48.	An Act for veiling certain Ellates, in the Parish of Chaldon Herring, in the County of Dorfei, entailed by the Settlement made on the Marriage o 1 the Honourable Lionel Damer deceased, with William%a his Wife, and the Will of John Damer Esquire, deceased, in Trustees to be fold, and for invehing the Monies ariling therefrom in the Purchase of other Ellates to be settled to the same Uses.

49.	An Act for veiling in an additional Truflee certain Trull Ellates comprised in, and settled by an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majefcy King George the Second, intituled ,AnA& for settling certain Manors, Capital Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Hertford, comprised in a Settle-ment made by William Strode Esquire, deceased, and for purchasing with the Money arising by such Sale other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, upon the fubfilling Trulls of the said Act.

50.	An Act for enabling the Trullees, under the Will of John Meyrick Esquire, deceased, to fell a capital Melfuage and Lands at Fulham, in the County of Middlesex, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

51.	An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Tar burgh, in the County of Lincoln.

\_Andfor making Compensation for Tythes J\

J)2. An Act for inclosing Wejlerffeld Green, in the Parifn of IVeJler-yield, in the County of Suffolk.

[and for making Compensation for Tythes.]

53. An Act for inclosing Cold Green, in the Parish of IVheathill, in the County of Salop.

[ " nd for making Compensation for Tythes.]

54 Ah Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Exiling, in the County of Suffolk.

[Andfor making Compensation for Tythes ]

5$. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Landbeach, in the County of Cambridge.

[ And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

56.	An Act for allotting and dividing Lands in the Parish of Steeple Morderu in the County of Cambridge-

57.	An Act for inclosing the Lands in the Townfhin or Liberty of Barnby, in the Parishes of Blyth and Sutton cum Lound, or in one or cither of them, in the County of Nottingham.

[And for making Compensation for Tythes.]

5S. An Act for naturalizing Johan Gottlob IVerninck.

59. An Act for veiling Part of the Real Ellates of the late Opivald Moffey Esquire, deceased, devifedby his Will, in Trullees and their Heirs, upon Trull to convey the same in the Manner therein mentioned.

47 Geo. III.	c	60,	An

Hosted by

xxvhr	The TITLES of the STATUTES. 66. An Act for inclofmg Lands in the Parish of Saint Andrew the Less, otherwise called Barnwell, in the Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge, and certain Lands in the Parishes of Saint Andrew the Great, Saint Mary the Greats and Saint Mary the Less, or some or one of them, in the faidTownof Cambridge, lying intermixed with the Lands in the said Parish of Saint Andrew the Less, otherwise called Barnwell. [Andfor making Compensation for Tythesl] 61. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Ellis with Maria Palmer9 his now \yife, and to enable him to marry again ; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

	

	Hosted by

THE

STATUTES AT LARGE.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Britanniarum Regis, Ouadragefimo septimo.

*	/%	T the Parliament begun and holden at Wejlminjier^ the Fifteenth

*	Y~\Day of December, Anno Domini 1806, in the Forty-feventh Year 1 of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the

*	Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland,

*	King, Defender of the Faith ; being the First Session of the Third 4 Pailiament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and IrelandI

'	CAP.	L

An Act: to revive and make perpetual and to amend an Aft, made in the Forty-fecond Year of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, and for expediting the Proceedings relating thereto.

[6th January 1807.]

*	\y\7 HE REAS it is expedient that an Aft, made in the Forty-< V V second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

*	An A3 for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted 6 Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, and for expe-

*	ditingthe Proceedings relating thereto, which was to continue in force ‘ Two Years, and from thence till the End of the Session of Parlia-‘ ment next after the Expiration of the said Two Years and no

*	longer, should be revived and made perpetual be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affembled* and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Aft shall, from and after the palling cf this Aft, be and the same is hereby revived, and the said recited Aft shall be and the same is hereby made perpetual.

If. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever, onftny Complaint by Petition under or by virtue of any Aft or Acts for the Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, it shall happen that the Thirteen Members returned to the House of Commons under the Directions of the said Acts, or any or either of them, shall be entitled by virtue of any. Regulations or Provisions in any of the'faid recited Acts to' choose Two Members or One Member (a$ the Case may require) to be added to the said Thirteen Members’ for ike Completion of 47 Geo. III.	B	the

42 G/3. c. 84*

rev:ved and made perpetual.

Regulations respecting the adding of Members to Committees, by the 13, rerurned by tile House.

the Committee to try such Petition, such Thirteen Members shall not choose such Two Members or One Member to be added as aforesaid, until all the other Select Committees to be ballotted for on that Day (in the appointing of which the Parties before the House shall name Two Members to be added to the Members drawn by Lot) shall have been sworn, if such Committees or any of them can be completed : Provided also, that if Two or more Committees shall be ballotted for on the same Day for the Completion of which it shall happen that the Thirteen Members returned to the House shall be entitled to choose Two Members or One Member as aforesaid, then the Thirteen Members on the Committee or Committees which shall have been first ballotted for, shall have the Preference fuccefTively in chooiing such Member or Members for the Completion of such Committee or Committees.

CAP. II.

An A£t for railing the Sum of Ten millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven.	[16th January 1807.]

“ Treasury empowered to raise 10,500,000/. by Loans and Ex-“ chequer Bills, as under the Malt Act (46 G. 3. c. 2.) of last “ Selhon, § 1, 2.—Intereft $\d. per Centum per Diem. § 3.—Ex-“ chequer Bills so issued not receivable in Payment of any Taxes, “ See. before April5, jSo8. § 4.—Charged on the first Supplies to “ be granted in next Sefiion. § 5.—Bank of England authorized to “ advance 6,500,000 /. on the Credit of this Abt. § 6.”

CAP. III.

An Act for continuing and granting to His-Majefly certain Duties upon Malt in Great Britain for the Service of' the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven.

[22d January 1807.]

[In all respects (except the Dates) this A8 is similar to 46 G. 3. c. 2.—As to Ireland, fee Chapter 40. of this SeJfionI\

CAP. IV.

ts-8UJ 2^ur)e An A£t for continuing f and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England\ and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and SnufF, in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven.	[22d January 1807.]

, iK Commissioners of Land Tax. appointed under 45 G. 3. c. 48. “ Sc 46 G. 3. c. 107. empowered to put this A£l in Execution,

- §4.”

Un all other ref pedis [except the Dates) this Adi is similar to 46 G. 3 *

*3.]

CAP. V.

Ah Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices andEmploy-

ments j

A.D.1807*	47° GEO. III.. Sdfi i.

ments ; and for extending the Times limited for those Pur-pofes respectively* until the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and seven* and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to At-tornies and Solicitors* to make and file the same on or before the Fir ft Day of Michaelmas Term One thousand eight hundred and seven.	[19th	February	1807*]

[See 44 G. 3. c. 7. and References there, ]

CAP. VI.

An Act to continue* during the present War* and until One Year after the Termination thereof by the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, an Aft made in the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, for empowering His Majesty to accept the Services of such Parts of His Militia Forces in Ireland* as might voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Great Britain.	[f 9th. February 1807.]

c< 44 G. 3. c. 32. continued by 46 G. 3. c. 31. recited and further “ continued during the War, See. § 1.—Aft shall not extend the <f Term of voluntary Engagement. § 2.—Aft may be altered this “ Session. §.3.”

CAP. VII.

An Act to declare that certain Provisions of an Aft of the last Session of the last Parliament, intituled* An Adi to permit the free Interchange of every Species of Grain between Great Britain and Ireland, shall ^extend to Grain the Produce of those Countries only.	[19th	February	1807.]

WHEREAS by an Aft made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled* An Act to permit the free Interchange of	3

every Species of Grain between Great Britain and Ireland, it was enacted, that from and after the pafiing of the said Aft, all Bounties and Duties payable on the Exportation and Importation of Corn,

Grain, Malt, Meal, Flour, or Biscuit respectively, from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain, should cease and be-no longer payable ; and that it should be lawful for any Person to carry and export out of and from any Port or Place in Great Britain to any Port or Place in Ireland, and out of and from any Port or Place in Irelandto any Port or Place in Great Britain, and to import into any Port or Place in Great Britain from any Port or Place in Ireland', and into any Port or Place in Ireland from any Port or Place in Great Britain without Payment of any Duty 'whatfoever on that Exportation or Importation in any British or Irish Ship or Vessel, owned and navigated according to Law, any Sort of Corn or Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread or Biscuit, whatever the Average Price of Corn or Grain might be in either Country at the Time of such Exportation or Importation : For obviating of any Doubts or Difficulties in the Construction of the said Aft be it enacted and declared by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by

B 2	and

t

. c.97*

£	C-	7—p.	47° GEO. III. Seff.L.	A.D1807.

F.ecited A decided to extend only to Corn, &c. the Gtowth of Great B; itain or Ireland.

and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Adi, and the several Clauses and Proviiions therein mentioned relating to the Exportation and Importation of any Sort of Corn or Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread or Biscuit, from Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britain, was intended and shall be conilrue^l to extend, and the same is hereby declared to extend only to Corn or Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread or Biscuit, being the Growth Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland relpectively, and not to any Corn or Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread or Biscuit, being the Gtowth, Produce, or Manufacture of any other Country or Place ; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. VIII.

An Act to continue for the Term of Seven Years certain Adds of the Parliament of Ireland, for preventing the Importation of Arms, Gunpowder, and Ammunition, and the making, removing, felling, and keeping of Gunpowder, Arms, and Ammunition, without Licence. [19th February 1807.J

u Irish Adis 36 G 3. c. 42. 39 G. 3. c- 37, (continued by4oC. 3.

“ (I.) c.96. § 11, 13.) further continued for Seven Years, from lit Aug". 1807.”

CAP. IX.

An Add for allowing the Exportation annually of a limited Quantity of Woritecl Yarn to Canada. [19th February 1807.]

His Majesty * 1	; HEREAS Worded or Woollen Yarn is an Article that is

may permit the < V * neceifary to compleat the Aifortment of Goods for the WoiMied1 Yain^ * Indian Trade in Canada ; and it is expedient that the Exporta-not exceeding * ^on	dame	in	a	certain	limited	Quantity	ihould	be	allowed

5,ooolb. yearly * notwithstanding the Laws now in force for prohibitingfuch Expor-from the Port « tation be it therefore enacted by the King’s moil Excellent of London ro Majesty by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual Lower Canada, and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the palling of this Adi it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, to permit the Exportation of any Quantity of Worded or Woollen Yarn, not exceeding Five thousand Pounds Weight in any one Year, from the Port of London, to be transported to the Province of Lower Canada, in such Proportions, at such Times, in such Manner, and fubjedd to such Regulations and Reilridlions, as shall be directed and appointed by His Majesty, by and with the Advice aforesaid ; any Thing in an Adi palled in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, £$G.3< c. 38. intituled, An Ad to explain-, amende and reduce into one All of Parliament-, several Laws now in being for preventing the Exportation of Vive Sheep, Rams, and Lambs ; Wool, Woolf els, Mortlings, Short lings. Tarn, and Worjied; Cruels, Coverlids, Waddings, and other Manufactures or pretended Manufactures made of Wool flight ly wrought up or other wise put together, fa as the same maybe reduced toandmade ufe

cf

C. IO—12.

s

ef as Wool again ; Mattraflfes or Beds fluffed with Combed Wool or Wool flit for combing; Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay and Tobacco Pipe Clay, rrom this Kingdom, and from the Iflles of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, into Foreign Parts ; and for rendering mor<> effectual an ift puffed in the Twenty-third Tear of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, ‘ An Act for the Winding of Woolf to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. X.

An AG for raffing the Sum of One Million by Treasury Bills for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven.	[19th February 1807.3

44 Bills charged on Supplies of the present Session, or on Irish Con-44 folidated Fund § 6P

[In all other Particulars (except the Sum) this Aft is flmilar to 46 G. 3. c. 46 ]

CAP. XI.

An AG to authorize His Majesty, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, to make Regulations refpeGing the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope.	[19th February 1807.I

[*SH 46 G, 3. c. 30. to whith this Aft is precisely flmilar.]

CAP. XII.

An AG to abdlifh certain Offices in the Customs in Ireland % and to abolish or regulate certain other Offices therein.

[loth February 1807.]

4	\y^/THEREAS certain Offices in His Majesty's Customs in «	▼ v Ireland, hereafter enumerated, which have been usually

4	granted by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Ireland, have 4 been found to be unneceftary, and other Offices in the said Customs,

* which have been alio usually granted by like Letters Patent,

4 although the Duties, or same thereof, are necefTary or used, have 4 been commonly executed by Deputies appointed by the Patentees,

4	refpeGively ; and it is expedient that some of the said Offices should 4 be abolished, and that others should not in future be granted by 4 Letters Patent and should be abolished, so far as. any of the Duties 4 thereof shall appear not to be necefTary or useful, or may more 4 properly be discharged by other existing Officers; and that Provision 4 should be made for the Difchavge of such Duties, in l'uch Manner as 4 shall be found convenient to the publick Service : May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enaGed; and be it enaGed by the King's imoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Offices in the Customs and Port Duties of Ireland herein-after specified, that is to say. The Office of Customer in the several and refpeGive Ports of Baltimore, Belfast, Cork, Donaghadee, Drogheda, Dundalk, Galway, Killy begs, Kinjale, Larne, L imerick, Londonderry > Newry>Rofs> Tralee3 Waterford> Wexford\ Wicklow, and

3 3	Toughal	|

Certain Offices in the Customs in Ireland shall be abolished as \hey are, or may become vacant.

C.I2.

47® GEO. III. Seff.i.

A.D.1807.

Tougha!; the Office of Searcher, Packer, and Gauger in the several and respective Ports of Dublin, Belfajl, Cork, and Drogheda ; the Office of Searcher in the several and respective Ports of Dona-ghadee, Dundalk, Galway, Kinsale, Larne, Limerick, Londonderry, Ncwry, Ross, Strang ford, Waterford, Wexford, and Toughal; the Office of Taller of Wines and Sur veyor of Outs, and the Office of Surveyor General of Ireland, ffiall not, nor ffiall any of them, from and after the palling of this Adi, be granted to any Person or Performs whomsoever; and that such of the said several Offices as are vacant ffiall forthwith be, and the same are hereby wholly aboliffied ; and that such of them as are not vacant, ffiall hereafter from Time to Time, as the same ffiall respectively become vacant, be in like Manner aboliffied; and the lame are hereby, from and after the respective Times when the same ffiall respectively become vacant as aforesaid, wholly aboliffied.

II. And be it further enabled, That the several Offices in the Culloms and Port Duties of Ireland herein-after fpecilied, that is to say, The Office of Comptroller and Accountant General, the Office of Examinator of Culloms, the Office of Craner and Wharfinger in the Port of Dublin, the Office of Register General of Shipping for Ireland, the Office of Cullomer of the Port of Dublin, (ufually ffiall beubolifhed called Cullomer and Collector of the Port of Dublin), the Office of

Cettain other Offices ffiall not in future be granted byPatent except under the Provisions of this A«£t, and

or regulated accordingly,

Clerk of Ship Entries in the Port of Dublin, the Office of Clerk of the Coall for Dublin, the Office of Comptroller of the several and respective Ports of Dublin, Belfajl, Cork, Drogheda, Dundalk, Killy-beggs, Klnsale, Larne, Limerick, Londonderry, Newry, Ross, Sligo, Strang ford, Tralee, Waterford, Wexford, Wicklow, and Toughal, being Offices the Duties whereof are in Part useful and necelfary, ffiall not, nor ffiall any of such Offices, from and alter the palling of this Aft, be granted to any Person or Persons, by Patent or othenvise, save as herein-after mentioned; and that such of them as are vacant ffiall forthwith be aboliffied, and the same are hereby aboliffied, save as herein-after provided; and that such of them as are not vacant, ffiall hereafter from Time to Time, as the same ffiall respectively become vacant, be in like Manner aboliffied ; and the same are hereby accordingly, from and after the respective Times when the same ffiall respectively become vacant, aboliffied, save as herein-after mentioned.

III.	Provided always, and be it enacted. That the Officers before mentioned, nor any of them, ffiall not be compelled to any other Attendance on the Duty of their several Offices, during the Continuance of the exilting Grants to them, than has heretofore been given.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That it ffiall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Culloms and Port Duties in Ireland, with the Approbation of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, and of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for

to provide for the Execution of such of the Duties ' appear necelfary. of the several Offices lall mentioned as ffiall in their Judgement appear to be necelfary or useful, either by appointing (by Inllrument under their Hands, with the Approbation aforesaid), proper Persons tq execute, during their Pleasure, such necelfary and useful Duties of so many of the said Offices as are vacant as aforesaid, and of so many pf the said Offices as are not vacant, when and as the same ffiall respectively

JVefent Officers riot compellable to give more Attendance.

Commissioners of Culloms,with Approbation of tt»e Treasury, See. may provide for the Execution of such Offices as

A. D. 1807.

470 GEO. III. Seflli.

C.13.

fpedlively become vacant; or by consolidating in One or more Office or Offices, or separating into distinct or different Offices, such ne-ceffary and useful Duties respectively, and otherwise regulating such Offices respectively, in such Manner as the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, with the Approbation of the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer, and the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors.of Ireland, for the Time being, shall, in their Judgement from Time to Time think fit and proper)

V. And be it further enabled. That all Persons who shall or may, Persons before the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and appointed to

of

until such Regulation is

seven, have been appointed to execute any of the Duties of any of the said several Offices not wholly abolished by the Provisions of this ^uhred*uncle/ Adi, shall, to all Intents and Purposes, have the same Power and this Aft, may Authority to execute and perform such Duties of such Offices re- act under such fpedlively as they would have had if this Adi had not been made, Appomtmenc until such Persons respectively, or some other Person or Persons, shall be appointed to execute such Duties rcfpelively, under the made' Authority of this Adi; and that all Persons who shall or may be appointed to execute any of the Duties of any of such Offices, under the Authority of this Adi, shall have the same Powers and Authorities, to all Intents ana Purposes,-to execute and perform such Duties respectively, as tffie same Persons respectively would have had if such Persons had been appointed to such Offices respectively before the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seven, according to the Terms of the several Warrants, Commissions, or Instruments, which such Persons so to be appointed shall respectively receive from the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, with the Approbation aforesaid, for executing such Duties re-fpecively.

VI.	And be it further enabled. That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, with the of Cuflums, with Approbation of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord Content of High Treasurer of Ireland, and of the Lord Lieutenant or other LoidLkuconant Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to appoint such Salaries to may gjvc * be taken and had by the several Persons who shall be appointed by the Salaries, &c. said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties to execute any of

the Duties of any of the said Offices, not wholly abolished by this Adi, as the said Commiffioneis of Customs and Port Duties, with such Approbation, shall think fit.

VII.	And be it further enacted. That on the absolute Abolition and also make of any Office under the Provisions of this Adi, it shall and may be Compensation lawful for the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland

for the Time being, with the Approbation aforesaid, to make such a 0 1 ea* just and reasonable Compensation, as they shall in their Judgement think proper, to the Deputy or Deputies, Clerk or Clerks, or to any 1 other Person or Persons, who on or immediately before the passing of this Adi, was or were employed in such Office so abolished as aforesaid.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it enacted. That when and as often Accounts of new

it shall be found necefiarv to make a new Appointment under the Appointment*

^	~	~	^ y ,	 x	~	_	 _	IK H1 La imrl

shall be laid before

Authority of this Adi, for- the Execution of any of the Duties of such of the Offices herein mentioned as shall be requisite to be per- Parliament, formed,, although the Patents are abolished, the said Commissioners

JU	of

8	C.	12—13°	47* GEO. HI. Scff.i. A.D.1807.

of Customs and Port Duties shall in all such Cases lay an Account of the same before both Houses of Parliament within Fourteen Days after the Beginning of each Session, describing the Office, and the Amount of the Salary which shall be appointed for the same.

CAP. XIII.

An A£t for invefling certain Commissioners appointed for the Examination of Accounts and Expenditure relating to the Office of Barrack Master General,with certain Powers and Authorities neceffiary for the Examination of such Accounts and Expenditure.	[19th	February	l	807.]

£ AX 7 HE REAS hy a Warrant under His Majesty’s Royal Sign

*	W Manual, dated the Eighteenth Day of September One thou-‘ sand eight hundred and fix. Colonel Charles Herries and William 4 Bragge Esquire, were appointed Commissioners during His Majesty’s 4 Plealure for inquiring into and ascertaining what Sums of Money 4 had at any Time, lince the Twenty-fourth Day of December One

*	thoufand seven hundred and ninety-two, been issued to or received 6 by Oliver De Lancey Esquire, either as Superintendaot General of € Barracks or as Barrack Master General, or for the Service of the

*	Barrack Department, or issued to or received by any other Person 4 or Persons on his Account for such Service, and likewise for 4 inquiring into the Expenditure thereof, and further for inquiring

*	and ascertaining what Part or Parts thereof do still remain in the

<	Hands of the said Oliver De Lancey, or of any other Person or 4 Persons chargeable therewith; and also for infpedting, examining, 4 and stating all Accounts of the said Oliver De Lancey, or of any 4 other Person or Persons in anywise relating to the Receipt or Ex* 4 penditure of such Sums of Money or any Part or Parts thereof, 4 and likewise for examining and inquiring into the Terms and Ful-4 filment of all Contradls for Buildings, or fuppiying'of Stores for 4 the Service of the Barrack Department, which shall have been made 4 or entered into by the said Oliver De Lancey, either as Superintend 4 dant General of Barracks or as Barrack Master General, or by any 4 other Person for the Service of the Barrack Department, whether 1 by Authority of the said Oliver De Lancey or otherwise, during 4 the Time that the said Oliver De Lancey held either of the said 4 Offices or acted as such Superintendant General of Barracks or as i Barrack Master General, and whether all such Contracts have been 1 performed and fulfilled according to the Tenor and Effect thereof, 4 and if the same or any of them have not been performed and

<	fulfilled in what refpebt and to what Extent in Value and otherwise, 4 and why and for what Reason the same have not been performed 4 and fulfilied, and likewise for infpedting and examining the several

*	Warrants, Orders, Authorities, and Vouchers, wliuh should be pro^ 4 duced to them for supporting and verifying such Accounts: And,

*	whereas the said Colonel Charles Herries and William Bragge were 4 by the said Warrant required to observe fucJ&Qrders and Inftru&ions

*	in relation to the Premises* as they should ariany Time receive from 4 His said Majesty or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time

*	being : And whereas it is essential to the full and proper Executiou

*	pf the said Powers contained in the said Commission, and to the

4 Examination

9

9

A,D. 1807*	470 GEO. III. Self. 1.	C.	13.

4 Examination of the said Accounts and Expenditure, and of the 4 Matters and Things relating to the said Barrack Department, ' specified in the said Warrant, that full Power and Authority ftiould

*	be given to them the said Colonel Charles He files and William

*	Bragge Esquire, for the Purposes aforeiaid;* be it therefore enacted by the King’s mofl Excellent;Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for the better Execution of the Trull reposed in them the said Commissioners named in the said Warrant are hereby authorised to meet and fit from Time to Time in such Place or Places within the Cities of London and V/eJlmirJle^, or eliewhere within the United Kingdom as they shall find moll convenient, with or without Adjournment ; and to fend their Precept or Precepts under their Hands and Seals for any Person or Persons whomsoever, and for such Books, Papers, Writings, or Records relating to any Contracts, Dealings, Tran factions, or other Matters or Things referred to them, as dial! be necelfary for carrying into Execution the Trull reposed in them, all which Person or Persons are hereby required and directed punctually to attend the said CommilTioners at such Time and Times, Place and Places as shall be hy them appointed, and such Person or Persons as shall so be sent for shall, if he or they require the same, have such reasonable Colls and Charges as the said Commissioners shall in their Discretion think fit to allow to each of them respectively.

II.	And, for rendering more effectual all such Examinations as are intended to be had under this Adi, be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorised and required to e\ amine upon Oath, or Affirmation of Persons being Quakers, (which Oath or Affirmation they or either of them are or is hereby authorised to adminifler) all Perions whom they shall find Occasion to call before them to be examined touching all Matters and Things nebeffary for the Execution of the Trull reposed in them

III.	And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Jfummoned to appear before the said Commissioners shall wilfully neglect or refuse to appear before the said Commissioners, or to bring or produce any Accounts, Books, Papers, Writings, or Records relating to any Contracts, Dealings, Traniaclions or other Matters or Things respecting which the said Commissioners are by the said Warrant authorised and di-redled to inquire, that shall be in his, her, or their Poffefiion, Custody, or Power, and which he, she, or they shall have been required by such Precept to produce, or shall refuse to be sworn, or being Quakers shall refuse to affirm, or being sworn, or being Quakers having affirmed, shall refuse to aniwer to and before such Commissioners any Question on Oath or Affirmation touching or concerning any Thing relating to any such Contracts, Dealings, Transactions, Accounts, Matters, or Things, every such lerfon so refilling to comply with any such the lawful Requifition$ of the said Commissioners, shall be liable to the Payment of such Eine to His Majesty as the Court of E chequer, on Application made to the said Court by the said CommilTioners. or by His Majesty’s A^orney General, shall think fit to fet and impose; which Fine the jfaid Court is hereby authorised and empowered to fet and impose, according to their Discretion, and to enforce in such Manner and by such Process as the said Court shall think proper0

Com mill*; or. era

bY

His M.geliy empowered to fend tor Per Ions and Records.

Commissioners empowered to examine on Oath.

Persons refusing to appear or 10 produce Papers, or refufing- to be sworn or an Twer, may bo fined by tiic Court of Exchequer.

IV. And

10

Persons in Prison may be moved by Habeas Corpus.

Oath of the Cominiihoncis.

Penalties of Perjury un false Evidence.

His Majesty to appoint Commissioners not being M. P, in cale of Vacancy.

limitation of Anions,

6 Months.

C. 13.	47®	GEO. III. Self. 1.	A.D.1807*

IV.	And whereas it is expedient to make Provision for bringing Persons detained in Cullody under Civil or Criminal Process to be examined before the said Commissioners touching such Matters and Things as are necefiary for the Execution of the Trull reposed in them ; be it therefore further ena£ed, That, from and after the palling of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Judge of His Majesty’s Courts of King’s Bench and Common Pleas respectively, or for any Baron of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer of the Degree of the Coif, at his Discretion, on the Application of the said Commissioners, to award a Writ or Writs of Habeas Corpus for bringing any Prisoner or Prisoners detained in any Gaol or Prison in that Part of the United Kingdom called England before such Commissioners, to be by them examined touching the Matters and Things aforesaid.

V.	And be it further enacted. That the said Commissioners before they exercise any of the Powers and Authorities given to them by this Act shall take an Oath before the Chancellor of the Exchequer, or before the Maftef of the Rolls for the Time being, (which Oath and each of them are and is hereby authorized and required to ad-miniller), the Tenor whereof shall be as folioweth; (that is to say,)

f I A. B. do swear, That according to the belt of my Skill and f * Knowledge, I will faithfully, impartially, and truly execute ‘ the several Powers and Trulls veiled in me by His Majesty’s ‘ Warrant, dated the Eighteenth Day of September One theufand c eight hundred and fix, 'and by an A 61, intituled, An Act [here ‘ Insert the Title of this AtC\ according to the Tenor and Purport of ‘ the said Warrant and the said AdtP

VI.	And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons upon Examination on Oath, or, being Quakers, upon Afhrmation, before Inch Commissioners, in all wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence,,every such Person so offending and being thereof duly convineed, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in force Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That in case of a Vacancy or Vacancies by Death, Resignation, or Removal of either or both of the said Commissioners, it shall be lawful for His Majesty to nominate and appoint such Person or Persons, not being a Member or Members of the House of Commons, and from Time to Time in like Manner to appoint any other Person or Persons in the Room of any Commissioner or Commissioners so appointed, and dying, religning, or being removed, as His Majesty may think proper, to fuppiy any such Vacancy or Vacancies; and that every Person so nominated and appointed, having taken the Oath of Office above mentioned, shall be held, deemed, and taken to be invelled with all the same Powers and Authorities as are by this Act veiled in the Commissioners appointed under His Majesty’s said Warrant of the Eighteenth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fix, in Manner herein before mentioned.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further cna£led. That no A6lion shall be brought againll the said Commissioners or either of them, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Matter or Thing whatsoever done or committed under or by virtue or in Execution of this A6l? unless such A&Qfl ffi&U be brought within Six Calendar

Months

Hosted by

Months next after the doing or committing of such Matter or Thing : Provided also, that if any Addon or Suit shall be hereafter commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons tor any Matter or Thing done under or by virtue or in the Execution oi this Act, such Person or Persons may plead the General I flue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence ; and if the Plaintiff shall become nonsuited or suffer Discontinuance, or forbear further Profe-cution, or if Judgement shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants, such Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Coils, for which he, (he, or they shall have the like Remedy as where Coils by Law are given to Defendants.

“ A 61 may be altered or repealed this Session. § cj”

CAP. XIV.

An Adi to amend several Adis, for regulating the Trial of

Controverted Eledlions or Returns of Members to serve in

Parliament, so far as the lame relate to Ireland.

[ 19th February 1807.]

* TT^KEREAS an Ad was made in the Forty-fecond Year of

the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for ( regulating the Trial of Controverted Flections or Returns of Members ‘ to serve in the United Parliament, for Ireland; and it is expedient c that further Regulations should be made for carrying the said Act

*	into Execution p be it therefore enadted' by the King's moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent o the Lords ■Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the pafling of this Act, when any Person. (hail be appointed to be Clerk to any Commissioners under the said recited Act, for the Pur-pofe of examining any Matters or Things referred to them by any Seledt Committee of the House of Commons, in Manner directed by the said recited Act, such Person so appointed to be Clerk shall be sworn by the Chairman of the said Commissioners, faithfully and truly to take down in Writing the Evidence adduced before the said Commissioners, and from Day to Lay, as Occasion may require, to tranferibe, or cause the same to be tranferibed, for the Use of the said Commissioners; and that in taking down the said Evidence in Writing, he will give die exact Words in which such Evidence shall be delivered in as accurate a Manner as the same can possibly be done, and will in all Things conduct hmiself, as such Clerk, without Fayour, Afsection, or Malice, according to the bell of his Skill and Judgement.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be chosen or appointed to be a Commissioner under the said recited Act, for the Purposes of examining any Matters or Things referred to Commissioners by any Seledt Committee of the Houle of Commons, for the Trial of any Petition under the Provisions of the said recited Act, or to be Clerk to Inch Commissioners, who shall have voted nt the Election in question, or who shall have or claim any Right or Title to vote for the County, City, Borough, Town or Place, re-fpedling which the Election or Return complained of, or other Sub-je6t Mat$er pf fugh Petition arose qr happened, without the <ponfent

General IfTuc.

Treble Coils.

42 G. 3. c. 106.

Clerk to Com-miflioners for taking' Evidence under recited Atf shall be sworn.

No Voter shall be a Com mif-fioncr to take Evidence, nor Clerk to such Commissioners.

tz

Objection to such Appointments.

Lifts of Votes objected to shall state the ipeciftc Objections to each ; where Objections are stated in i’upport of xv icji no Evidence is produced, they may be reported frivolous and vexatious.

Select Ccrr-mittees, after Proceedings before Commif-fioners in Ireland may fend for Papers, &c. produced before such CommH-fioners, without re-aflembling the Commif-fioners, bur shall not enter intq new Points thereon.

c. 14.	4.7°	GEO.	Ill* Seff.i.	A.D. 1807.

and Approbation in Writing of the Petitioners and Sitting Members by and against whom any such Petition shall be preferred.

Ill Provided always. That any Objection to the Appointment of such Commissioner shall be made at the Time of his being chosen and appointed, and that any Objection to the Appointment of such Clerk shall be made at the Fir.it Meeting of the Commissioners, other-wdfe any Objection either to the Appointment of Commissioner or Clerk Hi all be invalid and of none Efsect, and such Appointment of Ccmrrufiioner or Clerk shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That the Parties appearing before any SeleCt Committee of the Iloufe of Commons, under the said recited Act, and delivering any Lifts of Votes, or of the Names of Voters, to which either of the said Parties propose and intend to objeCt, shall in such Lifts specify and particularize against every Vote, and against the Name of every Voter contained in such Lift, the specific and ’particular Ground or Grounds of Objection upon which such 'arty purposes aiad intends to objeCt against such Vote ot Voter refpeCtively; ai:d that no Evidence shall be adduced before fucfcy SeleCt Committee, or before any Commissioners to be appointed under the said recited A Ct, against the Validity of any Vote or Voter upon any Ground of Objection to such Vote or Voter other than One of the Grounds so specified and particularized; and that if any Ground of Objection shall be stated against any Vote or Voter, and no Evidence shall be produced before such SeleCt Committee, or before such Commitiioners, to substantiate the Objection 'againft such Voter or Voters, upon such Ground of Objection so stated, and if the SeleCt Committee appointed for the Trial of the Petition whereon such Proceeding shall a rife, shall be of Opinion that such Proceeding was frivolous and vex'atious, the said Committee shall report the. same to the Houle of Commons, together with their Opinion on the other Mailers relating to the said Petition ; and the Party or Parties against the Votes or Voters for whom any Objection or Objections shall be made, on which no Evidence shall be produced, shall, in such Case, be entitled to recover from the Party or Parties by or on whose Behalf any such Objection or Objections was or were made, the full Colts and Expences incurred by reason of such frivolous and vexatious Objection or Objections ; whi ch Colts and Expences shall be afeer-tained and recovered in the same Manner and Form as are now provided by Law for the Recovery of Costs and Expences in Cases of frivolous or vexatious Petitions, or frivolous or vexatious Opposition to ?,ny Petition.

V.	And be it further enaCked, That when any SeleCt Committee of the House of Commons shall re-affemble to try and determine the Merits of any Petition under the said recited Act, after any Proceedings shall have been had by or before any Commissioners appointed under the said recited Act. for examining any Matters which shall have been referred to them by such SeleCt Committee, it shall and may be lawful for such SeleCt C ommittee to fend for all or any such Boolts, Papers, and Records, or other written Documents, as were produced in Evidence before such Commissioners, in like Manner as such .SeleCt Committee might have done if no such Proceedings had been had by or before such Commissioners, and without directing any ^Variant to the Chairmap of the said Commissioners, and

without

I

A.D. 1807.	47°	GEO.	III.	Self.	1.	C.	14*	13

without ordering or c[irefting the said , Commissioners to re-aflem-ble : Provided always, that such Select Committee shall, in all other Refpebts, proceed to try the Merits of such Petition, in Manner directed by the said recited Aft, and {hall- determine on all such Matters arid Things as shall have been tried and examined by the said Commissioners from the written Minutes of the Evidence and Proceedings before the said Commissioners, and from the Inspection of such Books, Papers, Records, and Documents, so far only as may relate to such Evidence and Proceedings; but such Select:

Committee Shall not call for, or receive in Evidence, any Extracts from such Books, Papers, Records, or Documents, or other than such as were received and produced before such Commissioners, nor to any Point orMatter not in Issue before such Commissioners.

VI.	And be it further enabled. That the Clerk to be appointed Cleric to by any Commissioners for the Purpose of examining Matters .and

Things referred to them by any Select Committee, under the said T^ree pence per

recited Aft, shall from Time to Time make or cause to be made true Sheet only for

Copies of the Minutes of all Proceedings before such Commissioners, Copies of

and of all such Evidence as shall be given or produced before them, Minutes and

and shall give one such Copy to each of the Parties interested, or his

or their Agent, or to such of them as Hr all demand the same, on c>	V

being paid for each Sheet of the said Copy, canfilling of Seventy-two

Words, the Sum of Three-pence, and no more; and that for Copies

of the said Minutes and Evidence to be transmitted by such Clerk

of the Commissioners to the Clerk of the Crown in Ire Ian ', and to

the Speaker of the House of Commons, in Manner dire fled by the

said recited Aft, such Clerk shall receive from the Lords Commii-

fioners of the Treasury in Dublin such Sum as the said Commissioners

whofe Clerk he was, shall think fit, not exceeding in any Case the

Sum of Three-pence for every Sheet confiding of Seventy-two Words

which such Copy shall contain, and no more ; any Thing in the said

recited Aft to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That the Sum Limiting the

tube received by any Clerk to any such Commissioners for such Sum to be Copies shall not, in any Inilance, or under any Rate of Calculation,	fne^

exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds for each such Copy, containing as Commissioners 1 well the Minutes of all Proceedings as of all Evidence given or pro- for Copies of duced before such Commissioners, and delivered to either of the Parties Proceedings,^* interested, or his Agent, or transmitted to the Clerk of the Crown in

Ireland, or to the Speaker of the House of Commons refpebiively ; any Thing in this Aft or in the said recited Abl to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII.	And be it further enabled, That the Order for taking into Time for Consideration any Petition relative to the Trial of any Controverted ^€celvin£ Election or Return, or Right of Election, in Ireland, (hail not be from^rehnd^ discharged until the Expiration of Twenty-eight Lays after such trended to Petition shall have been presented to the House of Commons, by 28 Days. (See reaion that the Recognizance required by an Aft, made in the. 28G.3. c.52^5.5 Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, Are

Ad for the further Regulation of the T?nals of Controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, was not received by the Speaker under the Provisions of the said recited Aft, any Thing in the said recited Aft to the contrary notwithstanding; and in case such Recognizance Shall not be received by the Speaker before the

Expiratioa

14

C.J4—

Powers of 43 G. 3. c. tc6. e: Tended to tins

A*-

Ir«m A&S 3S G. 3. c. 72. 39 G. 3. c. 33.

46 G 3. e. 123

So much of Acis 38.Sc 39 C- 3 as authorises the Sale o Lands, &c. forfeited to the Crown, and of

47° GEO. III. Se*T. 1.	A.D,	1807.

Expiration of the said Twenty eight Days, he shall report the same to the House; whereupon the House shall proceed in fuck Manner as they would have proceeded under the said recited Act, in case inch Recognizance had not been received by the Speaker within the Space of Fourteen.Days in the said Adi mentioned: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be conilrued to extend, to alter or enlarge the Time for entering into such Recognizances under the Provisions of the said recited Act.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That all the Clauses, Powers, Penalties, and Provisions in the said recited Adi of the Forty-fecond Year of Plis present Majesty mentioned and contained, and not hereby altered or repealed, shall be applied in Execution of this Adi as fully and effedluaily, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Clauses, Powers, Penalties, and Provisions, were expressly repeated and rc-enadted in this Adi.

CAP. XV.

An Add to continue for the Term of Seven Years, certain Adis for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in His Majesty’s Forces by Sea or Land from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience.

[ 19 th February 1807.]

44 Britiflo Acl 37 G. 3. c. 70. (lad continued by 41 G. 3. G. B. “ c- 29.) ; and IrifJoj Adi 37 G. 3. c. 40. (continued by 40 G. 3. 44 (I) c.^6, § 12 ) recited and further continued for 7 Years from 4‘ ill Avguft 1807• 3

CAP. XVI.

An Acl to amend several Adis for the Sale of His Majesty’s Quit Rents, Crown and other Rents, and of certain Lands forfeited and undisposed of in Ireland.	[17th March 1807.]

*	^TIVHEREAS an Adi was made in the Parliament of Ireland c V V jn the Thirty-eighth Year of Plis present Majesty’s Reign, c intituled, An Act for the Sale of His Majesty's Quit Rents, Crown and c other Rents, and of the Lands forfeited in the Tears One thonfand fix 4 hundred and forty-one, and One thonfand flx hundred and eighty-eighty

*	and other Lands yet remaining undisposed of in such Manner and under c such Provisions as are therein mentioned; And whereas an Adi was c made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty-ninth Year of His 4 present Majesty’s Reign, to amend the said recited Adi of the

*	Thirty-eighth Year: And whereas an Adi was .made in the lad f Session of Parliament to amend the said recited Adis of the Thirty-4 eighth and Thirty-ninth Years: And whereas it is expedient that 4 the said recited Adis should be amended in Manner herein-after 4 mentionedbe it therefore enacted by the King’s mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aiTembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of all or any of the said recited Adis as authorizes the Sale or Disposal of any Lands, Tythes, Tenements, or Hereditaments, forfeited to the Crown under any of the Adis, in any of the said recited Adis mentioned, and also

f©

Hosted by

C. I

i5

A,0,1807.	470 GEO. III. Self. 1.

so much of the said recited Aft of the lad Session as directs that the Stock or Annuities to be given and paid as the Conlideration for the Sale of all or any Quit Rents, Crown Rents, or Composition Rents* payable to His Majesty, or of any Lands, Tyfhes, Tenements, and .Hereditaments, forfeited to the Crown under any of the Acts in the said recited Aft mentioned, shall be transferred to the Commif-honers appointed by an Aft made in the Forty-fecond Year of JHis present Majesty’s Reign, for amending an Aft made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-feventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign for the Reduction of the National Debt of Ireland, in Trud for the Purposes of the said Acts, and that all such Stock or Annuities respectively shall and may be from Time to Time paid and transferred, by such Indalments, and in such Proportions, and in such Manner and Form, and under such Conditions and Regulations as the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three of them, with the Consent of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, shall in that Behalf direct or appoint, be and the same is hereby repealed ; and that, from and after the passing of this Aft, all and every such Stock or Annuities as shall be given and paid for the Sale of any Quit Rents, Crown Rents, or Composition Rents, under and by virtue of the said lalf recited Aft, shall also be transferred by the Person or Persons so paying or giving the same to the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the Time being, in which Name or Names the Governor and Company -of the Bank of Ireland are hereby authorized and'required to permit Transfers to be made of the said Stock or Annuities respectively, and that such Transfers be accepted by the said Lord High Treasurer of Irelandy or by the said Commissioners for executing thesOffice of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the Time being, or any Three of them, who are hereby required to accept the same accordingly, and that all and fmgular the said Stock or Annuities shall remain invested in the Name of the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, and shall not be transferred or transferrable without the Authority of Parliament, but that all the Interest or Dividends on such Stock or Annuities respectively shall be from Time to Time paid by the said Governor and Company into the Hands of such Person or Persons as shall be appointed to receive the lame, by Warrant or Power of Attorney under the Hand and Seal of the said L@rd High Treasurer or of the Commissioners appointed to execute the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, or any Three of them, and shall by force and virtue of this Aft be from Time to Time answered, accounted , for, applied and appropriated to such and the same Ules and Pur. poses as the faidQuit Rents, Crown Rents, and Composition Rents now are or would hereafter be liable to be applied and appropriated in case the said recited Acts and this Aft had not been made.

CAP.

46 G 3, c. 123. §3. as relates to transfer of Stock toCommiflionei'S for National Debt, repealed.

Such Transfers shall be made to the Trea fury and applied as Quit Rents.

*6

?>

38	G. 3. (I.)

c. 24. § r— >0.

39	G. 3* (I.)

C. 2d - § I.

40	G. 3. (I.) c. 57.

43 G. 3. c- 97- §	2.

Recited 3(9* and Acts for continuing them repealer? - except

as to A nevus of Duly, &e.

IMo Person &all act as ah Au<£h incer without being liccrtf d by Co ramiui oners of ElCCi j c Penalty 50J.

C.	17.	47nGEO. III. Sefll i.	A,D,	1807*

CAP. XVII.

An Act to feeure the Collection of the Duties on Auftions in

Ireland; and to prevent Frauds therein. [17th March 1807.]

*	HE	REAS	the Laws no.w in for e for securing the Collec-

‘	*' ▼ tion of the Duties on Auftions, in Ireland, have been found

*	ir.fufiic’ent foi the Purpose, and it is expedient that the same

*	ihould cease and be repealed, and that one new Law, with such

*	Provifions as may be necessary, should be < nafted be it therefore er.afted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lards Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affembledi and by the Authority of the same, That so much of an Aft made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, /;<■ Act to secure the Collection of the Duties on Auftions and on Glass Bottles made in this Kingdom-, and onPaper printed, painted, or

famed, m this Kingdom, to same for Hangings or other Uses, and to prevent Frauds therein ; and also so much of Two several Acts, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of His said Majesty ?s Reign, for amending the Paid recited Aft of the Thirty-eighth Year aforesaid, and also fo' much of One other Aft made in the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland^ in the Forty-third Year of His said Majcity’s Reign, for amending several Acts for the Collection and Security of the Revenue of Cuitoms and Excise in I-eland, as relates to the col-lefting arid iecuring the Duties payable on Auftions in Ireland, and to the Exemptions from the same, and so much of any Aft or Acts as purport to continue any of the said Acts* so far as the same relate to the Collection of the Duties on Auftions, shall, from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, cease and determine, and shall be and are hereby repealed; except so far as may concern the prosecuting, suing for, or recovering, levying, or collecting any Duties on Auftions, or Arrears of any such Duties, or any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, relating to Auctions, which shall or may have been incurred under the said Acts, or any of them, on or before the said Twenty-fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven.

II.	And for the better securing the Payment of the Duties on Auftions in Ireland, be it enacted, That no Person whatsoever, who at an v Time after the said Twenty-fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, shall exercise the Trade or Bufmefs of an Auctioneer or Seller by Commission at any Sale of any Estate, Goods, or Effects whatsoever, by Outery, Knccking-down of Hammer, by Candle, by Lot, by Pareel, or by any. other Mode of Sale at Auction, or whereby the highelt Bidder is deemed to be the Pur-chafer, or who shall aftt in such Capacity, shall deal in, vend, or fell, or put up to Sale, any Estate, Goods, or Effects whatsoever, by Public Sale, or otherwise by way of Auction as aforesaid, in any Manner whatsoever in Ireland, without first taking out a Licence to fell by Auction from the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes io Ireland, or any One of them, or from some Person or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, for that Purpcfe, 2nd every such Licence shall be of force until the Twenty-fcfkh Day of March next after the Time of the granting thereof

Hosted by

*7

AJD. 1807.	470	GEO.	III.	Seff.	1.	C.	17.

and no longer; And if any Person shall exercise the said Trade or Business of an Audlioneer, or aft in such Capacity in Ireland, without having such Licence in force, such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

III.	And be it further enacted, That every Person having taken out such Licence to fell by Auction, shall have or cause to be painted on a Board with Letters at all Time3 in the Day-time publickly visible and legible, at lead: an Inch long, in White upon a Black Ground, or Black upon a White Ground, the Name and Surname refpeflively of such Person at full Length, and also the Words, i Licensed Auctioneer which Board shall be affixed in some confpi-cuou6 Plac£ on the Outside of the Front of the Dwelling House of the Person so licensed, not more than Three Feet diilant from the Top of the Outside Door of such Dwelling House ; and such Person shall preserve and keep up the same Board so painted during the Continuance of such Licence, or in Default thereof fhall' forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall forge, alter, or counterfeit, or shall cause to be forged, altered, or counter feited any Licence to fell by AuCtion, or shall produce or make use of, or cause to be produced or made use of as a true Licence to fell by AuClion, any such forged, altered, or counterfeited Licence, or any Paper purporting to be a Licence in force to fell by Au£fion, and not being such Licence in foice, such Person shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, One Moiety thereof to His Majesty, and the other to the Person who shall prosecute or sue for the same, to be recovered by ACtion of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Dublin, in which no Effoign, Pro-te&ion, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

V.	And be it further enabled, That if any Person felling by Auction shall not at the Time of any such Sale by AuCtion, on Demand of any Officer of Inland Excile and Taxes, or of any Officer of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, produce and shew to such Officer a Licence to such Person to fell by Auction, in force, such Perion so felling shall for every such Default forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and it shall and may be lawful for any Peace Officer, at the Requell of such Officer of Inland Excise and Taxes, or Officer of Cultoms and Port Duties, to take such Person so refusing to (hew such Licence into Cullody, and to bring him before a Justice of the Peace, who upon Proof of the FaCt shall commit such Person to the House of Correction or other Gaol for any Time not exceeding Three Weeks.

VI.	And be it further enabled, That the Rates and Duties by Law charged on Auctions shall be and they are hereby declared to be a Charge upon every Auctioneer or Seller by Commission, immediately from and after the Knocking-down of the Hammer, or other Closing of the Bidding on every Article at every Sale by way of Au&ion ; and that the Rates and Duties so charged shall be paid by every such Auclioneer or Seller by Commission in Manner and at the Times herein-after mentioned: And it shall be lawful for every such Auctioneer or Seller by Commission, and he is hereby authorized and required, to retain the Amount of all such Rates and Duties out of the Produce of the Eslate, Goods, or Effects, on the Sale of

47 Geo. III.	C	which

Licensed Auctioneer shall put up a Hoard. Penalty iol.

Penalty on forging or using forged Licence,

Penalty on not producing Licence when required 50U

and Three Weeks Iropri* Ion mem.

Auctioneer chargeable with tt.e Duty knocking down the L '-r, and may retaiu the same.

i8

Pond shall be

given to pay Duties, &cc. by Auctioneer, with Two buicticb ;

in Dublin DiLi r:<£t 500I. ann : COl. Cucil

Suiety;

elfewhere 2 qol. and 5*01, tuch Surety.

Amftioneer in Dublin Di(ti i<T lbail, 48 i lours be.foie Sale, deliver at the O ces of the Examinaror and Colic Apr,

Notice of Place and Timeof Sale, anti a Catalogue Pf the Goods.

Ip the Country such Notice shall be given Three Days before Sale, and Two Copies delivered to the .Collector of the

C, 17.	47°	GEO.	III.	Self.	r.	A.D. 1807.

which such Rates and Duties shall become due and payable, or out of any Depolit made at any such Sale or Sales on Account of the Purchase Money for such Ebate, Goods, or Effects respectively.

VII.	And be it-further enacted, That every Person in Ireland who, at any Time after the said Twenty-fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, shall exercile the Trade and Muiinefs of an Auctioneer or Seller by’ Commission, or who shall act in such Capacity, shall at the Time of receiving his Licence give Security by Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, with Two sufficient Sureties, which Bond the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Person or Persons duly authorized by them to grant such Licences, is hereby’ authorized and empowered to take, in Manner following; 'that is to say,) Every Person who shall exercise such Trade or Business or act in tuch Capacity within every Part of the Dibridt of the Metropolis of Dublin, or within Six Miles of the Cable of Dublin, shall give such Security by Bond, himself in the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and his Sureties in the Sum of One hundred Poundseach; and every Person who ill all exerciie such Trade or Buli-nefs, or act in such Capacity in any other Part of Ireland, shall give such Security by Bond, himself in the Sum of Two hundred and fifty Pounds, and his Sureties in the Sum of Fifty Pounds each ; the Condition of which Bonds respectively shall be, that the said Person who shall exercise such Trade or Business, or who shall act in such Capacity as aforesaid, shall and will deliver everyr Account of all and every Sale and Sales by him made, and also shall and will make Payment of all and every Sum or Sums of Money anfing or becoming due to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, for the Auction Duty for or in reipedt of all and every such Sale and Sales, at such imes as the same shall by Law be payable ; and also shall and will comply with all Rules and Regulations respecting the Sale or putting up to Sale of any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize to be fold or put up to Sale by him, in Manner prescribed by this Adi, or by any

"other Act, in force for securing the Collection of the said Duties.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall exercise the Trade or Business of an Auctioneer within the Metropolis of Dublin, or within Si” Miles of the Cable of Dub In, shall. Forty-eight Hours at leab before the Commencement of any Sale by way of Audtion, deliver or cause to be delivered at the Office of the Examinator of Audtion Duty in Dublin, and also at the Office of the Colledtor of Excise of the Dibrict fn which such Audtion shall be held, a Notice in Writing, signed by such Auctioneer, specifying in each such Notice the particular Place where, and Day and Hour when each Audtion is to begin ; and shall at the same Time, or within Twenty-four Flours after delivering such Notice, deliver or cause to be delivered at each of the said Offices a written or printed Catalogue signed by such Audtioneer, in which Catalogue shall be particularly expressed and fet forth every Article, Lot, Pareel, and Thing intended to be fold at such Audtion x And every Person who shall exercise the Trade and Business of an Audtioneer in any other Part of Ireland, shall at leab Three Days before such Audtioneer does, begin any Sale by way of Audtion, deliver or payfe to be delivered at the Office of the Colledtor of Excise of the Dibridt in which such gale i« intended to be had, Two Copies of a like Notice in Writing, each of which Copies shall be signed by such Audtioneer, fpecifying

therein

C- 17.

l9

therein the Place where, and the particular Day and Hour when, such Sale is to begin ; and shall at the same Time, or within Twenty-four Hours after, deliver or cause to be delivered at such Office as aroresaid, Two Copies of a written or printed Catalogue, signed by such Auctioneer, in which Catalogue shall be particularly expressed and fet forth-every Article, Lot, Pareel, and Thing, intended tq be fold at such Auction : And if any Auctioneer shall fell or put up to sale any Ellate, Goods, or Effects by way of Auction, without delivering or causing to be delivered the several Notices and Catalogues herein-before required to be delivered, or shall at any such Sale fell or put up to Sale any Ellate., Goods, or Effects not parti-cu’arly exprelfed or fet forth in such Catalogue, every Auctioneer shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That every Auctioneer who ffiall have delivered or cause to have been delivered any Notice or Catalogue for a Sale by Audtion within the District of the iVetropoiis of Dublin, or within Si ; Miles of the Castle of Dublin, shall within Seven Days after the Day Ipecified in such Notice as the particular Day when such Sale by Audtion was to begin, deliver, or cause to be delivered at the Office of the E animator of Audtion Duty in Dublin, nd also at the Office of the Colledtor of Excite in the District in which such Audtion shall be held, a Declaration in Writing, signed by such Auctioneer, setting forth whether or not any Sale by way of Audtion had been or was opened or begun under such Notice ; and such Audboneer ffiall make Oath to the Truth of such Declaration before the said Examinator of Audtion Duty, which Oath such Officer is hereby authorizied, empowered, and required to administer, without Fee or Reward : And that every Audtioneer who shall have delivered or caused to have been delivered any Notice or Catalogue in any other Part of Ireland, shall, within Fourteen Days after the Day fpecilied in such Notice as the particular Day when such Sale by Audtion was to begin, deliver or cause to be delivered at the Office of Excise of the District in which such Sale had been or was intended to be held, Two Copies of a like De -laration in Writing (in like Manner as is herein-before required with respect to Persons felling by Audtion, within the District of the Metropolis, or within Six Miles of the Castle of Dublin), to be verified on Oath by the said Audtioneer before the Collector of Excise of the District in which such Sale had been or was intended to be held : And every Auctioneer who ffiall neglect to make, or deliver or cause to be made or delivered, such Declarations, or to verify the same by Affidavit respectively, ffiall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

X.	And be it further enacted, That no Person ffiall vend or fell any Ellate, Goods, or Effects, whatsoever as a Deputy for, or an Alftftant or Clerk to, or in the Name of any Person ljcenfed to fell by Audtion, unlefs'Notice in Writing signifying the Name and Mace of Abode of the Person so deputed to fell, under the Hand of the Audtioneer in wliofe Name the Estate, Goods, or Effects shall be fold, ffiall have been given Three Days before the Sale to the Examinator of the Audtion Duty in Dublin, and also to the Colledtor of Excise of the District within which such Audtion ffiall be held, in case such Audtion is intended to be held within the District of the Metropolis or within Six Miles of the Castle of Dublin \ or if the

C 2	Audtion

Penalty 5 _>!.

Declaration whether Audtion was held ov not shall be delivered in Dublin District within Seven Daye, ;

in the Country within 14 Days.

Penalty 50I.

Notice of Appointment of Deputy by Audtioneer,

S6

C. 17.

47s GEO. Ill- Seff 1.

AD. 1807.

Deputy be

a licensed Auctioneer.

Penalty 50I.

Auctioneer shall be chargeable wifi the Duty on all A'ticks* in nhe Catalogue ; unless on Proof that rhev were not fold.

Within 2.6 Days afterCummence-ment of Sale Auctioneer shall 1 etuin an Account of the Aiticles fold or nor fold at such Sal , viz in Dublin Dill net to i."f Examvna-tor, Sec. Elfewtiore to Colkr ror , f Exnir.

Penally iool.

Auction is intended to be held in any other Part of Ireland, unless Two Copies of a like Notice shall be given Three Days before the Sale to the Collector of the DiftriCt in which such Auction shall be held, fignifyihg the Name and Place of Abode of the Person so deputed to fell ; nor unless the Person so deputed shall be then licensed to fell by Au&ion in the Didtridt within which such Audtion shall be held : And if any Person shall lo vend, fell, or put up to Sale by Auction, any Estate, Goods, or Effects, for or on Account of any other Person without such Notice having been given, or without being bimfelf licensed to fell by Audlion, every such Person for every such Offence shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and every such Deputy and his Sureties shall be liable for the Payment of the Audtion Duty accruing upon any such Sale, as well as the principal Auctioneer for whom he ads, and the Sureties of such principal Auctioneer.

XI	And be it further enacted, That every Auctioneer who shall have delivered, or caused to have been delivered, any such Catalogue for any Sale by Auction, shall be charged and chargeable with and shall pay the Luty on each and every Article, Lot, Pareel, and Thing, enumerated, mentioned, or entered in such Catalogue ; unless such Auctioneer shall, to the Satisfaction of the said Ccmmiflioners of Inland E>.cife and Taxes, or any Three of them, make Proof on Oath before the Examinator of the Auction Duty in Dublin, or before the Collector of Excise of the District wherein such Sale shall be held, or intended to be held, which Oath such Officers are hereby respectively authorized and required to administer without Fee or Reward, that the Article or Articles,' 1 ot or Lots, Parcel or Pareels, Thing or Things, enumerated and mentioned or entered in such Catalogue, and for which any Allowance fha'l be claimed by fuchAuctioneer, was not or were not actually fold at such Audtion or otherwise difpoled of by such Auctioneer, by any Manner or Kind of Contract, Bargain, Sale, or Agreement whatsoever, to the Knowledge or Belief of such Auctioneer,

XII	And be it further enacted, That every Auctioneer felling by Auction within the District of the Metropolis of Dublin, or within Six Miles of the Castle of Dublin, shall and he is hereby required, within Twenty Tix Days after the Commencement of any Sale by ^ay of Audtion, to deliver or cause to be delivered at the Office of the Examinator of Audtion Duty in Dublin, and also at the Office of the Collector of Excise of the District within which such Sale shall be held, an exact, true, and particular Account in Writing of the several Articles, Lots, or Pareels, contained in the Catalogue so as aforesaid de-> livered, specifying in the said Account which of the said Articles, Lots, or Pareels, shall haye been there fold, and the Price of every such Article, Lot, or Pareel, and the total Amount of the Purchase Money of each Sale, and also specifying which of the said Articles, Lots, or Parcels shall not have been then fold; and shall, at the same Time, make Oath to the Truth of Rich Account before the said Examinator of Auction Duty in Dublin, which Oath such Officer is hereby authorized, empowered, and required to administer without Fee or Reward; and if any Article, Lot, or Parcel returned in such Account as not having been fold, shall really have been fold at the Time of such Account being delivered, every such Auctioneer shall, for every such Article, Lot, or Pareel, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; And every Auctioneer felling by Auction in any

other

A.D. 1807.	470	GEO.	III.	Seff 1.	C.	17.	ttl

other Part of Ireland shall and he is hereby required, in like Manner within Twenty fix Days after the Commencement of .any Sale by way of AuClion by him held, to deliver to the Collector of Exciie of the DiilriCt in which such Sale shall be held, Two Copies of an exact:, true, and particular Account in Writing ef the several Articles, Lots, or Parcels contained in the Catalogue io as aforesaid delivered, specifying in the said Account which f the said Articles,

Lots, or Parcels shall have been there fold, and the Price of every such Article, Lot, and Parcel and the total Amount of the Purchase Money of each Sale, and also specifying which of the said Articles,

Lots, or Parcels shall not have been then fold; and shall make Oath to the Truth of every such last mentioned Account before the said ColleClor of Excise, which Oath such Colle&or is hereby authorized, empowered, and required to administer, without Fee or Reward; and if any Article, Lot, or Parcel returned in such Account as not having been fold, shall have really been fold at the Time of such Account being delivered, every such Auctioneer shall for every such Article,

Lot, or Pareel, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds : And any AuClioneer who shall negleCt or omit to deliver such respective Accounts at the respective Times and Places and to the Persons, and verified in Manner herein-before prescribed, shall, for every such NegleCt or Omission, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That where any Goods or Account of EffeCts fold by AuCtion shall have been fold by Sample or otherwise, Amount of

so that the AuCfioneer cannot ascertain the Quantity actually fold, pu’yhd'c Mcmey and where such Sale shall have taken place within the DillriCt of the sample shall be^ Metropolis of Dublin, or within Six Miles of the Castle of Dublin, the delivered within Proprietor of such Goods, or Tome Agent or Person authorized on 2t D»ys. his Behalf, fhalL within Twenty-one Days after the Commencement Penalty 100U of L.ch Sale, delivet to the Examinator of the AuCtion Duty in jDublin, and also to the Collector of Eiccife in the DiftriCl in which such Sale shall have taken place, upon Oath of such Proprietor or Agent, which Oath may be admimflered by such Officers refpeCtively* an exaCt Account of the Amount of such Goods, and the Sum of ,Money produced by the Sale thereof: And where such Sale shall have taken place in any other Part of Ireland\ such Proprietor or his Agent shall, withia the said Space of Twenty-one Days deliver Two Copies of such Account to the Collector of the DiftriCr in which such Sale shall have taken place, upon Oath of such Proprietor or Agent, which Oath may be administered by such Collector ; and such Proprietor or his Agent shall also in all Cases, within the said Space of Twenty-one Days after the Commencement of such Sale, furnish the Auctioneer with a true Copy of such Account ; and if such Proprietor or his Agent shall negleCt to deliver such Account or Copies thereof to the Officers herein-before mentioned, and to the Auctioneer in Manner aforesaid, within the said Space of Twenty-one Days, every such Proprietor or his Agent so negleCting ihaLl forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds for every such Offence.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That every Auctioneer shall be Auctioneers charged and chargeable with and shall pay the ikuCtion Duty payable rnarged with to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, on every Sale, within Four Days after the Time when every such Account of such Sale, and the r,..^very-

produced thereby shall have been or ought to have been de- of Account,

$ upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of Twenty Pounds so*

C 3	eveiy

Money

iivered

22

For relieving Auctioneer

a gain ft Surcharge, or furcl-urging

him. if necciTary.

Relief to Auctioneer in case of Eft ite or Goods fold without Title.

every Default of such Payment together with a Sum equal to Double the Duty chargeable on such Sa'e.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That in ‘cafe any Error shall be discovered in any Charge of Duty against any Auctioneer by a greater Amount of Duty than ought to have been charged against such Auctioneer, it shall and may be lawful for him to make his Complaint within Six Calendar Months- next after the Error shall have been diicove/ed, before the said Commissioners of Inland Excile and Taxes, who are hereby authorized and requ red to hear and determine such Complaint, an i upon Proof thereof to relieve the Party so complaining of so much of the Duty, as shall appear to have been overcharged, and if such L'uty shall have been paid it shall and may lawful for the said Commissioners to repay the same : And in case it shall be discovered that any Error has been committed by charging any Auctioneer with a less Amount of Duty than ought t© have been charged, it shall and may be lawful fertile Examinator of the Auction Duty, and he is hereby required to rectify the.same as speedily as may be convenient, and to report the same to the said Commiflioners^ of Inland Excise and Taxes, who are hereby required to give Notice to such Auctioneer of the Amount of the Deficiency of the Duty in consequence of such Error ; and if such Auctioneer shall not within one Month alter such Notice shew fufikdent Cause to such Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes why he should not be charged with and pay such Deficiency, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to order a Return to be made by the said Examinator of the Auction Duty to the Office of the Collector of Excise in which the erroneous Charge was returned, and the Duties specified in the Return of such Examinator, shall be a Surcharge on such Auctioneer ; and if such Auctioneer shall not on Demand, or within Ten Days next after, pay the full Amount of such Duties so surcharged, such Auctioneer shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double the Amount of the Duty which shall be so surcharged : Provided, that no such Return shall be a Surcharge on any Auctioneer, unless it shall have been made and the Amount demanded within Six Months after the Discovery of the Error.

XVI.	And be it further enabled, That if any Sale by Au&ion of any Estate, Goods, or EfFeCts Paall be rendered void by reason that the Person for whole Benefit the same was fold had no Title to the same, or no Right to dispose thereof, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the Auctioneer who paid the Duty on the Thing so fold, or for the Person for whose Benefit the same was fold, in case such Sale was held in the DiftriCt of the Metropolis of Dublin, or within Six Miles of the Castle of Dublin, to lay a Complaint before the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland; and the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, upon such Complaint to them made, by or on Behalf of such Auctioneer, or by or on Behalf of the Person for whose Benefit the same was fold, shall and they are heieby authorized and required to hear and determine upon Oath all such Complaints, and examine the Witnesses produced before them by the Parties, and thereupon or upon other due Proof to relieve the Party so complaining, and thereupon to repay the Duty paid in respect of the Estate, Goods, or EffeCls, the Sale of which shall be rendered void; and in case such Sale was held in any other

Part

A.D.1807.

470 GEO. III. Seff.i.	C. 17.	33

Part of Ireland then such Complaint shall and may be laid before the Sub-Commiflioners of Excile in and for the DiftriCt in which such Sale was held, who shall and may and they are hereby authorized to hear and determine the same upon Oath, and to examine Witnesses, and thereupon and upon other due Proof to report to the CommifTioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, whether such Sub-Com-miflioners are of Opinion that the Party complaining ought to be relieved or not; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to make such Order for relievingfuch Party and repaying the Duty as to them shall seem fit, and such Duty shall be repaid upon the Order of the said CommifTioners, or any Three of them accordingly.

XVII,	Provided always, and be it enabled, That such Complaint Complaint shall be made within Twelve Calendar Months after such Sale, if the lh 'H lj,J made Sale shall be rendered void as aforesaid within that Time ; or if the

Sale shall not be rendered void as aforesaid within that Time, then jJuor|ls such Complaint shall be made within Three Months after the Dif- ro obtain covery of the Person foj* whose Benefit any such Eslate, Goods, or Relief.

Efsects, was or were fold having no Title to the same or no Right to dispose thereof: And no such Complaint shall be made, or any Relief given thereupon unleis such Complaint shall have been made within the Time herein-before in that Behalf prefciibed ; nor in any Cate after the Expiration of "Three Years.

XVIII.	And be ft further enacted, That no Person shall be ex- Regulations empted from the Payment of the AuCtion Duty on the Sale of Goods as to S.ilc of woven or fabricated in the Loom in Ireland, for or in respect of any Picct' Co.ds, such Goods fold by way of AuCtion, unless such Sale shall be carried

on in some Warehouse, Room, or Plact, whereof a true and parti-cular Entry in Writing shall have been made by the Auctioneer who shall fell the same, Seven Days before the Sale thereof shall be had, in the Office of the Examinator of AuCtion Duty and ColleCtor of Excise, if within the District of the Metropolis of Dublin, or within Six Miles of the Castle of Dublin ; and if in any other Part of Ireland, in the Office of the Collector of Excise of the DiftriCt, within the Limits of which such Warehouse, Room, or Place, shall be situated ; and unless such Goods shall be openly shewn and exposed at the Time and Place ot such Sale ; and that every Auctioneer who shall fell or put up to Sale by AuCtion, any such Goods, shall be liable to all the Rules and Regulations refpeCting Auctioneers, except only as to the Payment of Duty ; and except as such Rules and Regulations are expressly altered relating to such Sales; and that every Auctioneer shall, within Fourteen Days after the Commencement of any such AuCtion, in case such AuCtion shall be held in the DiftriCt of the Metropolis of Dublin, or within Six Miles of the Castle of Dublin, deliver to the Examinator of the AuCtion Duty in Dublin, and also to the ColleCtor of Excise in the DiftriCt in which such AuCiion shall be held, a true Account in Writing upon Oath, which Oath the said Examinator of AuCtion Duty is hereby empowered to administer of the several Lots and Parcels of such Goods which shall have been fold, the Price of every Lot or Pareel, and the total Amount of the Money bid at such AuCtion ; and in case such AuCtions shall be held in any other Part of Ireland then such Auctioneer shall within such Fourteen Days deliver Two Copies of a like Account upon Oath to the ColleCtor of Excise of the DiftriCt within which such AuCtion shall be held; and no such Auctioneer shall at any Time knowingly

C 4	put

24*

C. 17.

470 GEO. III. Sefl*. 1.

A D. JS07.

Penalty on Breach of such Regulations

5°1*

Regulations as to Sale of American Goods exempt from Duty.

Goods exempted from Auction Duty, shall be fold oofcy by Licenced Auctioneers.

Regulations as

put up for Sale, or fell by AuCtion, any Piece Goods, or other Goods woven or fabricated in the Loom out of Ireland; nor any Goods woven or fabricated in the Loom in Ireland, which shall not be offered or put up for Sale or fold entire in the Piece or Quantity in which the same were taken from the Loom, and in Lots, each Lot thereof being of the Price of Ten Pounds and upwards, and being fold for or on Account of the Manufacturer thereof; without charging for every Twenty Shillings of the Purchase Money the Rate of. Duty by Law payable thereon ; and no such Auctioneer shall be concerned in any untrue or fraudulent Contrivance with Intent to fell any Piece Goods fabricated in the Loom contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act : And if any Auctioneer shall negleCt to deliver such Accounts as are hereby required relating to the Sale of such Goods, or shall fell or put up to Sale any Piece Goods, or other Goods, or shall be concerned in any untrue or fraudulent Sale, contrary to the Provilionsin this Act contained, such Auctioneer shall for everyTuch Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Goods imported into Ireland from any British Colony or Plantation in America, or from any Part of the United States of America, and fold by or for the Account of the original Importer, shall be exempted from the Payment of the AuCtion Duty thereon, unless on the first Sale thereof, nor unless such first Sale shall be made, within Six Calendar Months after such Goods shall be so imported ; and the Proof that such Goods were so imported within the Space of Six Calendar Months previous to such Sale shall be made on the Oath of the Importer of such Goods, or in his Absence his known Clerk, before the Exami-nator of the AuCtion Duty in Dublin, and before the Colledtor of Excise of the DiftriCt in any other Part of Ireland in which such Sale shall be held.

XX And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize fold by AuCtion are by Law exempted from the Payment of the Duty on AuCtions, the AuCtions of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall in all Cases be held by some Auctioneer duly licensed; and such Auctioneer shall, in respect of all and every such AuCtion and AuCtions, be subject and liable to all the Rules and Regulations contained in this or any other Act in force for securing the Duties on AuCtions in Ireland, except only as to the Payment of Duty on the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize so excepted.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That every Auctioneer who shall

to Sale of Goods fell by AuCtion any Goods distrained for Non-payment of Rent shall, distrained for Two Days previous to the Sale of such Goods, in case such Goods ent#	fhall	have	been	diftrained	within	the DiftriCt of the Metropolis of

Dublin, or within Six Miles of the Castle of Dublin, deliver to the Examinator of AuCtion Duty in Dublin, and also to the Collector of Excise of the DiftriCt within which such Goods shall have been distrained, a Notice in Writing specifying the particular Day when, and Place where, such Goods are intended to be fold ; and shall also within Twenty-eight Days after the Day specified for such Sale to commence, deliver or cause to be delivered at the Office of the said Examinator, and also at the Office of the said Collector of Excise, an exaCfc and true Account of every Article or Thing fold at such Sale, ' with the Amount of the whole Sum for which such Articles fold; and in case such Goods shall have been distrained in any other Part

of

A.D. 1807.

47

r GEO. III. Seff. 1.

C. 17.

as

of Ireland, then such Auctioneer shall deliver Two Copies of such Notice and Account refpeCtively within the respective Times aforesaid to the Colledor of Excise of the DiltriCt within which such Goods shall have been diilrained ; and the Landlord or other Person on whose Account the Diltrefs shall be made, shall at the Foot of every such Account certify the exaCt Sum due for the Rent in respect of which such Goods shall have been distrained, and that such Goods were really and bond Jide distrained for such Rent: And if any such Auctioneer shall negleCt to deliver any such Notice or Account, in Manner and to the respective Officers herein directed, such. Auctioneer shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds ; and if any Landlord-or other Person lhali give any false Certificate of any oi the Particulars aforesaid, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of :his A Cl, then and in every such Case every such Landlord or Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every Auctioneer who shall fell by AuCtion any Estate, Goods, or EffeCts seized for the Benefit of any Creditor by or under the Authority of any Sheriff or Sheriffs in Execution of any Judgement, shall specify in the Accounts to be by him delivered under the Direction of this Ail, the particular Estates, Goods, and EffeCts fold, and also the exaCt Sum levied under such Execution ; and the Sheriff or Under Sheriff shall and are hereby required to certify at the Foot of such Account, that all the Estate, Goods, and Effeils in such Account specified were really the Property of the Person against whom fueh Judgement was had and obtained, and that the same, and ever}?- Part thereof, were aCtually seized in Execution of the same Judgement ; and every Auctioneer who shall be employed by the Aftignees under any Commission of Bankrupt shall likewise specify in the Account to be by him delivered as aforesaid, the particular Estate, Goods, and EffeCts fold, and the Assignee or Assignees under such Commission shall certify at the Foot of such Account that all the Estate, Goods, and EffeCts specified were really the Property of the Bankrupt at the Time of suing forth the said Commission ; and every such Certificate refpeCtively shall be produced by every such Auctioneer to the Person to whom such Auctioneer is by this Act direCted to deliver his Accounts; and such Certificate shall be sufficient Authority to such Officer to discharge the said Auilioneer from all Duty on the Sale of such Good? by AuCtion : And if any Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Assignee or Assignees, shall insert or suffer, or permit to be inserted in such Account so to be certified, any Estate, Goods, or Effects whatsoever, other than such as were really the Property of theE'ebtor or Debtors, Bankrupt or Bankrupts as aforesaid refpeCtively, or if any Sheriff or Under Sheriff shall omit or negleCt to certify on such Account, within the Time prescribed by this Act, for the AuClioneer to deliver in his Account, the true Sum levied, or shall certify thereon any false Sum levied; or if any Assignee or Assignees shall omit or negleCt to certify, as is herein-befere required within the Time prescribed for the Auctioneer to deliver in his Account, then and in every such Case the Party offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXIII. And be it further ensiled, That every AuClioneer who shall be employed to fell any Goods damaged by Fire,^ fold by order or for the Benefit of the Insurer or Insurers of such Goods, or 14	any

Certificate of Landlord.

Penalty on Neglcdt, £cc. 20I.

Regulation as

to Sale of Effects under Execution ;

or Bankrupts Effe&s.

Penalty on falft

Certificate by Sheriffs, See. 20L

Regulations 5 to Sale of Good.', for Benefit of insurers.

Hosted by

47° GEO. III. Seff. i.

a<5

Certificates.

Penalty 10 L

Au<fr>oneer lh.Oi produce Vus Books to Officer.

Penally 50K

Recovery and Application oi Penalties.

14, 15 Car. i,

c.8.

46 G. 3. c. 106.

C. 17.

A.D. 1807.

any Agent or Agents of such Insurers, shall specify in the Account to be by him or them delivered, the particular Goods which were fold; and the Insurer or insurers, or the Agent or Agents of such lnfurer or Insurers ordering such Sa e, shall and he and they is and are hereby required to certify at the Foot thereof, that all the Goods in such Account specified were really fold for the Benefit of such Insurer or Insurers, which Account so certified shall be produced by every such Auctioneer to the Person to whom such Auctioneer is by this Aft directed to deliver the lame ; and such Certificate shall be fuffi-cient Authority to such Officer to discharge the said Auctioneer from all Duty on the Sale of such Goods by Auction ; and if any such Insurer or Insurers, Agent or Agents, shall insert or suffer or permit to be inserted in any such Account as aforesaid, any Goods whatsoever, other than such as were really fold for the Benefit of him or them as aforesaid, or if any Insurer or Agent shall omit or negleCt to certify in such Account the true Particulars of the Goods so fold, then and in even7 such Case the Party offending fiiall for every inch Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enabled, That every Auctioneer shall at the Time of delivering the Accounts by this Act required to be delivered to the proper Officer or whenever such Auctioneer shall be thereto required by such Officer, deliver or cause to be delivered to Inch Officer the original Book or Books of Sale of such Auctioneer, to the End that the Officer may compare the Account produced with the Entries in such Book or Books ; and if any Auctioneer shall refuse or negleCt to produce to fuch-Officer such Book or Books of Sale within Twenty-four Hours after such Demand, or shall not suffer such Officer fully to examine the same, every such Auctioneer shall forfeit for every iuch Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

- XXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures infiiCted by this Act, shall be paid and recovered in British Currency, and shall and may be sued for and recovered, levied, and applied in such Manner and Form and by such Ways and Means, and with such Powers and Authorities as are preferred, direCted, and appointed, in and by an Act of Parliament made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for settling of the Excise or new Impost upon His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted; or in and by an Act, passed in the Forty-fixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An A St to provide for the better Execution of the jever al Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things under the Management of the Commtjjioners of Cujloms and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland ; or in and by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to the said Revenues, Mattess, and Things, or either of them ; as fully and effectually to all Intents, ConffruCtions, and Purposes, as if the same were particularly mentioned and expressed and re enacted in this Act, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party and Parties who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and7by the said ACU or any of them is provided and enacted.

“ Act may be altered this Seffiou. § 26.”

CAP.

A.D. 1807.

47* GEO. III. Self. 1.

C. 18.

*7

CAP. XVIII.

An AT to grant to Plis Majesty certain Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland, and to allow certain Drawbacks in refpcT thereof; in lieu of former Duties of Excise, Taxes, and Drawbacks.	[jyth	March	1807.]

Mod Gracious Sovereign,

* j E, Your Majesty’s mod dutifnl and loyal SubjeCds the Com-1	* ^ mons of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled,

4 towards railing the necessary Supplies to defray .Your Majesty’s 4 publick. E' pences in Ireland, have freely and voluntarily resolved 4 to give and grant unto Yrour Makdy the Duties and Taxes herein-4 after mentioned, and do most humbly beseech Your iVajefly that it 4 may be enacted and be it enaTed by the King’s mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, there shall be railed, levied, colbTed, and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon and in refpeT of the several Articles and Things mentioned, fet forth, and expressed in the Schedule marked A. hereunto annexed, the several Sums of Money, Duties of Inland Excise and Taxes, as they are refpeTively defcvibed and fet foith in the said Schedule ; and the said Schedule and all the Exceptions, Exemptions, and Regulations therein contained shall be deemed and taken to be Part of tfrs AT to all Intents and Purposes ; and the said several Duties and Taxes shall be in lieu and full SatisfaTion of all Duties of Inland Excise and Taxes granted by any former AT or ATs of the Parliament of Ireland, or of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, on any of the Articles and Things in the said Schedule mentioned, except such Duties as have been or fit all or may be granted or imposed for certain local Purposes in Ireland by any AT or ATs of Parliament, and which Duties are or may be appropriated to such local Purposes by the ATs by which the said Duties are or shall be granted or imposed, or by any other AT or ATs.

II.	And be it further enaTed, That from and after the palling of this AT all Duties of Stamps imposed by an AT made in the la ft Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to repeal the federal Duties under the Care of the Gonumjfioners for managing the Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper in Ireland, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof and to amend the Daw ■ relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland, on any Licences which are fubjeTed to any Duty under this AT, and the'Schedule marked A hereto annexed, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable ; and that the Duties on such Licences in the said Schedule marked A. to this AT annexed, mentioned, and contained, shall be paid and payable in lieu and in Head of the said Duties of Stamps on such ^Licences under and by virtue of the said recited AT : And that from and after the passing of this AT it shall not be lawful for the CommiiTioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland to grant any Licence to any Person or Persons for any of the Purposes following, videlicet 5 to fell Coffee by Retail, or to keep a Coffee House, or to fell Tea or Groceries by pointed by f xcift CommiiTioners may grant the said Licences, ajnd ethers, on u

Retail,

Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes fet forth in Schedule A. gnuitcd in lieu of former Duties and Taxes; (except local appropriated Duties.)

Duties on Licences under this Act shall be in lieu of those under Stamp Acf,

46 G. 3. c. 64. on like Licences.

Stamp Office may no longer giant ceriain Licences ( ‘ ec 46 G. 3. c. 64. § 38.) Persons ap-1 (Tamped Paper.

Counter,vai.in^ Dunes on British Goods imported into Ireland ; in lieu or former Countervailing Duties ^See Schedule B.)

Eq uivalent Count ci vailing Drawbacks on 3rim Goods to Great Britain.

Drawback on GDIs Bottles and Paper exported (except to G rear B: iLain ) the wuuleDuties.

Drawback on Paper Hangings expoi ted (except to Gtvat Britain) 2d. per Square Yard; and a further Drawback in refpe<£l of the Duty on the Paper.

C. 18.	47° GEO. III. SefT. i.	A.D.	1807,

Retail, or to fell or make for Sale any Gold or Silver Plate, or to be Hawkers, Pedlars, or Petty Chapmen, or to let to hire any Horse for the Purpose of travelling Poll by the Mile or from Stage to Stage : And that from and after the palling of this Act it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons. for that Purpose appointed by the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, to grant Licences to any Person or Persons for any of the aforesaid Purposes, and also to grant such other Licences as the said Com-miffioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or any Person or Persons appointed by them, are by the said last, recited Act authorised to grant : and that such lait mentioned Licences may be granted on unflamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper ; any Thing in the said last recited Act to the contrary notv ithflanding.

III.	And whereas it is expedient purfuantto the Provisions of the Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland that, in respect of the increased Duties imposed by this Act on certain Articles of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Ireland, and of the Duties on the Materials of which they may be composed, increased Countervailing Duties should be charged on the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, Articles, Matters, and Things mentioned, described, and fet forth in the Schedule hereunto annexed marked B. being the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain, and imported from thence into Ireland, sufficient to countervail the said Duties in Ireland; be it therefore further enabled, That from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, there shall be charged on the Importation into Ireland of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, Articles, Matters, and Things mentioned fet forth and described in the said Schedule marked B. the several Countervailing Duties therein in Figures respectively inserted, described, and fet forth ; in lieu and full Satisfa6tion of the Countervailing Duties payable on the importation of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, Articles, Matters, and Things, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland at the Time of the palling of this Act : And that upon the Exportation from Ireland of any Article of like Denomination, being of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Ireland, to Great Britain, there shall be allowed and given a Drawback, equal in Amount to the Countervailing Duty on the like Article in the said Schedule, in lieu and full Satisfa6lion of all Drawbacks now allowed by Law on the same.

IV.	And be it further ena6ted. That upon the Exportation from Ireland (except to Great Britain) of Glass Bottles, or of any Paper (not being m?nufa6tured into Paper Hangings) refpe6tively made in Ireland, there shall be paid and allowed a Drawback equal in Amount to the whole Duties of Excise on the said Glass Bottles and Paper refpe6tively, upon Proof being duly made that such Bottles or Paper respectively shall have paid the several Excise Duties thereon, in refpe6t of which such Drawback shall be claimed.

V.	And be it further enacted. That from and after the said Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, on the Exportation (except to Great Britain) of any Paper Hangings manufactured in Ireland, there shall be paid and allowed a Drawback of Two-pence for every Square Yard thereof: And that on the Ex* portation (except to Great Britain) of Paper Hangings manufa6tured in Ireland from Paper made in Ireland, there shall be paid and allowed

Hosted by

A.D. 1807.

470 GEO. III. Self. r.

C.18.

29

by way of Drawback orCompenfation for the Duty charged and paid on such Paper, the further Drawback or Allowance following, that is to say ; For every Thirty Dozen Square Yards of such Paper Hangings, a Sum equal to the Amount of the Duty by Daw chargeable on every Forty Pounds Weight of such Paper on the making thereof, and so in Proportion for any greater or lefs'Quantity ; on Proof on Oath being made to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, of the Quantity of Paper so used, and Diat such Paper was made in Ireland, and that the Duties chargeable on the Printing, Painting, and Staining of such Paper Hangings, and on the making of such Paper respectively, were fully paid and satisfied.

VI.	And be it further enabled, That, from and after the said Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, no Drawback shall be given, paid, or allowed to any Paper-Stainer or other Peifon for or in respect of the Duty on Paper Hangings, or for or in respect of the Duty paid on the Paper from which any Paper Hangings shall be or fiiall have been manufactured other than the Drawbacks and Allowances in this Act specified ; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland to the conti ary notwithstanding.

VII.	And be it further enaCled, That upon the Exportation from Ireland, except to Great Britain, of any Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, tanned or drefied in Oil in Ireland, or of any Vellum or Parchment made in Ireland, on which the Duties charged by Law on the Manufacture thereof shall have been paid, there shall be allowed to the Per Ion or Perions exporting the same refpeCtively, a Drawback of One Penny on every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all such Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, and a Drawback equal to the Duties charged on all such Vellum and Parchment by Law and aCtually paid thereon ; and upon the Exportation of any such tanned Leather manufactured in Ireland into Goods and Wares of tanned Leather only, or of which such tanned I eather is the ffioH valuable Part, there shall be allowed and repaid a Drawback of One Penny Plalfpenny on every Pound Weight Avoirdupois.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That no Duty shall be paid on Beer or Ale brewed in Ireland.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That all the Duties and Taxes and Drawbacks in this Act and the Schedule hereunto annexed, specified mentioned and contained (except the Duties on Leather and Leather Manufa&ure, Glass Bottles, Vellum and Parchment, made in Ireland, and except the Drawbacks of the said Duties respectively) shall be paid and payable and received and receivable in Britiflo Currency : And that in all Cases where any iuch Duties or Taxes are imuofed in reipeCt of the Value of any Article Matter or Thing, such Value, as well as the Rate of Duty in vefpeCt thereof, shall be calculated and taken jn Britiflo Currency.

X.	And be it further enacted, That all and every the Duties and Taxes granted by this A Cl, the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same being deduCted, shall be carried to and be Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland; and that the Sum of Sixpence per Pound and all other Fees which shall or may be payable %o the Lord High Treasurer Qr Commissioners for executing the

Office

No Drawbacks: on Paper Hangings except under tins Act.

Drawback on Leather exp'>rtcd (except to Great Bma-n) id. per lb On Parchment the wholeDuties.

On Leather Manufactures T->- d. per lb.

NoDuty on Beer.

Duties payable in Bririfh Currency.

Duties shall he

carried to Ini'll Consolidated Fund; as also Fees payable at the Tilth Exchequer.

3°

C 18.

Fers on issuing Money.

Duties and Drawbacks shall be levied and managed as under 14 and 15 C. 2. c. $.

46 G. 3. t. 106. or any otl.eriAits relating to the re ipediiveDuties,

This A<ft applied to the Collection of Duties and Annus under former Acts.

470 CEO. III. SefT. 1.	A.D. 1807.

Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, Clerk of the Pells, or any other Officer of the Treasury of Ireland, upon issuing or Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, shall be carried to the said Consolidated Fund in Aid and Addition to the Duties hereby granted, and shall be accounted for accordingly.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That neither the Sum of Sixpence per Pound nor any other Fee fit all be payable to, or be deducted or received by, any Officer or (officers of the Treasury of Ireland, for or on account of the issuing or Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money in discharge of any Part of the National Debt of Ireland, or of any Interest or Annuities on the same.

XII.	And be it further enabled, That the several Duties, Taxes, and Drawbacks, by this Act and the Schedules hereunto annexed granted and allowed, shall be raised levied collected paid allowed sued for and recovered, in the same Manner and under such Powers and Authorities and by such Ways and Methods and according to such Rules and Directions, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are appointed directed and expressed for the rnifing collecting levying paying managing and allowing of any Duties "faxes or Drawbacks, in and by an \dt made in Ireland in the fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of Kis late Majeliy King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act fr settling of the Excise or new Iniprf upon His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, according to the Book oj Rates therein injerlsd, or in and by an Act made in the Forty-lixth Year ot His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things under the Management of the Commissioners oj Ciflans and Port Duties, and of the Com miff oners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland ; or in and by the several and respective Acts, in force in I eland, relating refpedt-ively to the several and respective Duties and Taxes in the Schedule to this Act mentioned and expressed; or in and by any other Act or A dts which may be in force in I eland relating to the Revenue of Excise and Customs, or either of them, as ully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as it the same Rules and Directions, Penalties and Forfeitures were herein expressed and enacted, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the said Acts or any of them is or shall be provided.

Xill And be it further enacted. That all the Clauses, Regular tions, and Provisions in this Act contained, shall and may be applied in the levying and recovering of all Duties and Taxes, and Arrears of Duties and Taxes, imposed by any former Add or A dts in force in Ireland on or before the said Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, as fully and efFedtually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Duties and Taxes, and Arrears of Duties and Taxes, had become due and payable under this Act.

€t Act may be altered this Sefiion. § 14.”

SCHEDULES

Hosted by

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

Schedule (A.)

A SCHEDULE of Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes, for, upon, and in respect of the Articles therein mentioned.

Auctions.

For and upon every Twenty Shillings of the Purchase Money arifmg or payable by virtue of any Sale at Auction in Ireland ;

Of any Interest in Possession or Reversion, in any Freehold or Leasehold Lands, Tenements, Houses, or Hereditaments, and of any Annuities or Sums of Money charged thereon, and of any Uteniils of Hulbandry, Farmi "S S tock. Ships and Vessels, and of any Plate or Jewels ; Except in Cases where the same are exempted by Law.

Of Furniture, Fixtures, Pictures Books, Horses and Carriages, and all other Goods and Chattels whatsoever, not exempted by Law.

And so in Proportion for any greater or less Sum of such Purchase Money ; to be paid by the Auctioneer, Agent, Factor, or Seller by Commission.

Exemptions.

On the Sale of the following Articles by Audlion no Duty shall be payable; viz

Any Eftaies, Goods, or Effe<Ss fold by Audlion, by any Order or Decree of His Majesty's Courts of Chancery or Exchequer, in Ireland before any Mailer in Chancery, or the Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer, or his Deputy; and any Goods or Effects fold* by Auction by virtue of any Judgement or Order of the Com mi (Doners, or of any Sub-Com-miflioners, or of any Collector of Inland Excise and Taxes, or Cuffoms and Port Duties; or by Order of the Board of Ordnance.

Any Goods fold by Audfion under Diffrefs for the Non-payment of Rent or Tythes,

Any Grounds, Houses, or Materials of Houses, or any Rents fold by Auction, by order or under the Direction of the Commissioners for making wide and convenient Streets, Ways, and Passages in Dublin.

Any Woods or Coppices, and any Produce of any Mines or Quarries, and any Materials used in the working of such Mines or Quarries reipedtively, so as the Sale by Au&ion of such Woods, Coppices, or Produce of Mines or Quarries, be made whilff they continue on the Lands producing the same, and for the Account of the Proprietor of or Adventurer in such Mines or Quarries,

Any Contract relating to the cutting or working of Wopds, Coppices, Mines, or Quarries.

Duty.

£ s. d.

006 o o 10

Hosted by

[ For Collett ion of this Duty fee Chapter 17 rf

tkn SrJfionS^

SCHEDULE (A.)

Duty.

AuCtions (Exemptions) continued.

Any Goods woven or fabricated in the Loom in Ireland, which shall be fold entire in the Piece, or Quantity in which the same were taken from the Loom, and in Lots, each Lot whereof shall be of the Price of ^10 Sterling, or upwards, and fold for, or on Account of the Manufacturers thereof, by any Person duly Iioenfed to exercise the Trade or Bufmefs of an Auctioneer.

Any Estate, Goods, or EffeCts, fold at AuCtion under the Authority of any Sheriff or other publick Officer, for the Benefit of any Creditor or Creditors, in Execution of any Judgement ; or any Estate or EffeCts of any Bankrupt, fold by order of the Assignee or Assignees, under any Commission of Bank ruptcy.

Any Goods which may be imported free of Duty; Or any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or EffeCts, imported into Ireland, in an-) British or Irish Ship or Vcflelfrom any British Colony or Settlement in America, or from any Part of the United States of America, being the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of such British Colony or Settlement, or of the said United States; on the first Sale of such Goods refpeCtively, by or for the Account of the original Importer, to whom the same were consigned. and by whom they were entered at the Custom Houle at the Port of Importation ; so as such Sale be made within Six Calendar Months after such Goods shall be so imported.

Any Ships or Vessels, and their Tackle, Furniture, and Apparel, and the Cargoes thereof, which may be taken and condemned as Prizes, and any Ships or Goods that may be wrecked or stranded on the Coast of Ireland.

Any Goods damaged on board any Ship or VefTel, and fold by AuCtion for the Benefit of the Insurers or Proprietors thereof; or which may be fold free of Duty, to defray the Charges of Salvageor any Goods damaged by Fire, and fold by order of and for the Benefit of the Insurers of such Goods.

Cards and Dice.

For and upon every Pack of Printed, Painted, or Playing Cards, made, manufactured, or vended in Ireland- 0	2	0

For and upon every Pair of Dice made, manufactured,

or vended in Ireland	-	-	o	Ij	Q

Coaches and Carriages.

For and upon all the Carriages herein-after mentioned, which any Person shall have or keep in his or her

Hosted by

SCHEDULE (A.)

Duty.

Coaches and Carriages continued.

Possession at any Time, after the Fifth Day of January, in any Year, the several Rates and Duties following: For and upon every Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Calash, or Chaise, with Four Wheels, not exempt by Law ; If Inch Person shall not at the same Time have more than one such Carriage in his or her Possession, the yearly Sum of	-

If such Person shall have at the same Time more than one such Carriage in his or her Pofsession, upon every such Carriage the yearly Sum of -	-

For and upon every Curricle or other Carnage with less than Four Wheels, drawn by two Horses abreast, not exempt by Law ;

If iuch Person shall not have at the same Time more than one jfwch Carriage in his or her Poflef-fion, the yearly Sum of If such Person shall have at the same Time in his or her Pofsession, more than one such Carriage; or shall at the same Time have in his or her Possession any Coach or other Carriage with Four Wheels; upon each and every such Curricle or other Carriage with less than Four Wheels, drawn by Two Horses abreast, the yearly Sum of	-

Tor and upon every Chaise with less than Four Wheels, not otherwise charged, nor exempt by Law, the yearly Sum of	-	-	-

For and upon every Car made use of, and fitted up for carrying Persons, commonly known by the name of a Jaunting Car or Pleasure Car; and for and upon every Garriage.01* Vehicle made use of as a Jaunting Car or Pleasure Car, by whatever Name such. Carriage or Vehicle may be Calied, the yearly Sum of And, in all Cases, for every additional Body successively used on the same Carriage or Number of Wheels, the further yearly Sum of	-

Coaches, Chaises, and other Carnages, kept by the Makers for Sale, or chargeable by Law with any yearly Rate or Duty applicable to local Purposes only, shall in all Cases be exempted from any of the foregoing Duties.

By every Coachmaker Or Maker of any Carriage or Carriages chargeable with Duty in Ireland under this Aft;

For every such Carriage with Four Wheels, which such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages shall make, build, or construct for Sale, the Sum of -	-

And for every such Carriage with less than Four Wheels, so chargeable with Duty under this Aft, which such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, shall make, build, or construct for Sale, the Sum of 47 Geo. IIL	D

£. s. <L

6 6 o

880

440

6 6 q

220

1 1 o

2 2 0)

i o 4

O IO G

to.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Co-aches and Carnages continued.

By every Pevfoa who shall fell any Carnage chargeable \vith i;uty, by this Act;

For every such Carriage withJFonr Wheels, which such Person shall fell by Auction,, or on Comtniflion in Ireland, the Sum of	-	-

And for ever)’- such Carriage with'lefs than Four Wheels, so chargeable with Duty under this Act. which such Person shall fell by Auction, or or Commiliion, the Sum of	-

Dogs.

For every Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog Spaniel, Lurcher, or Terrier, kept by any Person for his or her own Use, or the Use of any other Person ot Persons, the annual Sum of For every Dog, of whatever Description or Denomination the same may be, where any Person shall keep Two or more Dogs, either for his or her own Use, or the Use of any other Person or Persons, the annual Sum of	-	-

For any Dog, not being a Greyhound, Hound, Pointer. Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or Terrier, kept by any Person subject to the Payment of Hearth Money in respect of Four or more Hearths, or subject to any Duty in refpebt of Windows, having one inch Dog, and no more, whether the same be kept for his or her own Use, or the Use of any other Person or Persons, tfie annual Sum of For any Dog, not being a Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting ,Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or Terrier, kept by a‘ny Person fubjedc to the Payment of Hearth Money in ref peel of less than Four Hearths, having one fuel: D°g> an'd no more, whether the same be kept for hi or her own Use, or the Use of any other Person or Persons, the annual Sum of The said D'atie-s to be paid by the Persons respectively keeping such Dogs.

£• St

1 o o

o 10 o

Exemptions. Any Person who

shall not be subject to any Duty

on his or her Dwelling House, in respect of Windows or Fire Hearths, having one Dog, arid no more, the same not being a Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Lurcher, or Tender.

Any Person in respect of a Dog or Whelp which shall not actually be of the Age of Six Calendar Months.

Any Person in respect of the Number of Dogs by him or her kept, who shall, before the Twenty-fourth Day of June in any Year, pay to the Colledior or Collectors of the said Duty the full Susa of <5^30

Duty.

0100

o 20 o

060

030

SCHEDULE (A.)

Irish Currency, by way of Competition, and for which aReceipt shall be*given within the Period before-mentioned.

Fire Hearths.

For and out of every D/vvelliftg House, in the Whole of which with every Outhoufe and Edifice appertaining thereto, there /hall be two or more Fire Hearths, or other Places used for Firing or Stoves, at any Time after the Fifth Day of January in each and every Year, the several aud respective Yearly Rates following; that is to say,

Two Fire Hearths	•	-	0	4	6

Three	-	-	0	7	6

So ui-	-	*	0	12	0

Five	**	-	0	17	6

Six	*	-	1	4	0

Seven	-	-	1	*5	0

Eight	-	-	2	3	0

every such House,

in the Whole of which and Edifice appertaining

Duty.

Yearly Rate oti he Houses for the whole Number of Hearths.

Out Oi

with every Out-houfe thereto, there shall be in the Wild More than Eight, and not more than-Fisteen, Fire Hearths, or other Places used for Firing or Stoves, for every Hearth, Firing Place, or Stove, the Sum of	-

More than Fisteen, and not more than Twenty, such Fire Hearths or Places used for Firing or Stoves for each and every Hearth	-	-

More than Twenty, and not more than Thirty More than Thirty

Exemptions and Abatements.

His Majesty’s' Castle of Dublin, or any House within the Circuit thereof, or any House or Tenement provided for the Residence of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or of the Chief -Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant, or-other Chief. Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or c cretaries in his Office:—And the College of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Queen Elizabeth, near Dublin :—fhall be exempted from the said Duty on Fire Hearths.

Any House situate within the District of the Metropolis of Dublin, or within any City or Town,' and containing Six Hearths or upward#, in which no Shop shall be kept for the Sale of any Goods, or in which no Spirituous or other Liquors shall be fold, and which shall be wholly let for Lodgings and occupied by

Yearly Rate for eaciv Hearth.

O IO

0	15

1	Q

SCHEDULE -;A.

Duty.

(Fire 1~:earths) Exemptions and Abatements continued. Lodgers, each Lodging fet to or occupied by one Person or Family, and such Lodging not conlifting of more than One Room, (halt not be charged with any higher Rate than Two Shillings for each Hearth or Firing Place therein.

Any Houle situate within the Di ft rift of the Metropolis of Dublin, or within any City or Town, and containing Eight Hearths or upwards, the greater Part of the Rooms in which shall be fet to, or occupied by Lodgers, each Lodger not fubiect to a Rent exceeding Five Pounds Yearly for such Lodging, though the same shall be partly inhabited by the Owner, final 1 not be charged with any higher .Duty than Two Shillings for each Hearth or Filing Place.

Any Hospital, Charity School, or Koufe provided for the Reception and Relief of Poor Persons, or any Gaolj'Priion, or Scflions Kouse, or any Hall, Office, or other Publick Building whatever, in Ireland, shall not be charged in refpeef of Hearths therein, other-wile than in Manner herein-after mentioned ; that is to lay, all the Dwelling Rooms and Apartments in any inch public!; Buildings being occupied by any' Officer of or belonging- to, or employed in, the lame, or by any Servant of such Officer shall be deemed inhabited Houses, and shall be liable to the Tax on Hearths accordingly, and the Persons re-fpedtively by whom, or by whose Servants, such Room or Apartments are or shall be inhabited, shall be chargeable with and liable to pay the said Tax as Occupiers of inhabited Houses are by Law chargeable with and liable to pay the same.

The Fire Hearths in any Hot Houle, Green House, or Fruit Houle, shall be charged separately according to the total Number of Hearths in such Hot House, Green ITouse, or Fruit House respectively, and shall not be reckoned in addition to the Fire Hearths in the Dwelling House to which such Hot House, Green House, or Fruit House shall be adjoining or appertaining.

r

L *

s. d.

Glass Bottles.

For and upon every Glass Bottle which shall be made or tnanufadlured in Ireland of Common . Bottle Metal (the same not being Phials), for every Quart such Bottle shall be Computed to Contain ; and so in Proportion for any greater Quantity; and for every Pint or reputed Pint Bottle refpedtiyelyto be paid by the Makers thereof	»	-

© ©

ojt

Hosted by

Horses,

For all Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, kept by any Person or Periods for the Purpoie of Riding, or for the Purpoie of Drawing any Carriage whatever chargeable with Duty under this Act, the ierural Duti' s following ; that is to far,

For One bach IdNrfc, blare, Gelding, or Mule Two cr Three, each	-	-

Four or Five, each	-

Six or Seven, each	-

Eight or Nine, each	-

Ten or more, each

For every fueh Horde, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, kept or tiled, by any Male Pei (on, never having been married, an additional Nut yin all Cases equal to One Half of the Amount of the above Duties reflectively.

The said Duties to be payable, within each and every Year, for every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Male, kept at any Time after the Fifth Day of January in any Year, by the Peri-on or l'erfons having cr keeping the same, except as after-mentioned.

Exemptions.

Any Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule under Three Years old.

Any Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, which fnall be used truly, and without Fraud, for the Purpose of Husbandry, on Land occupied by the Owner of such Horse or other Bead ; or for the Purpose of drawing any Waggon, Cart, or Carriage (except such Carriages as are liable to Duty under this Act), or carrying Burthens \\i the Course of the Trade or Occupation of the Person or Persons to whom such Horse, lVjare Gelding, or Mule, shall belong; although sech Horse, Mare or Gelding, or Mule, shall be used for Riding on the Occalions and in Manner hereinafter mentioned ; that is to say, when returning from any Place to which any Load or Burthen ihail have by such Horse* Mare, Gelding, or Mule, been drawn or carried, or in going to any Place from whence any Load or Burthen shad be t > be brought back by any such Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule ; or for the Purpose of procuring Medical Assistance ; or for the Purpose of going to or from Market, or to or from any Place of ublick Word-ip ; or to or from any Election of Members to ferye in Parliament ; or to .or from any Court of Justice : Provided such Horse, filare, Gelding, or Mule, shall not on any Occahon used for any other Purpose save as aforesaid.

P3

d.

Duties foi each H j\ It*.

U

5

12

o

3

o

6

©

o

Hosted by

SCHEDULE (A.)	Duty.

Horses (Exemptions) continued.	p	j

One Horse, Mare, Gelding or Mule, used only for the s‘ Purpose of drawing any Carriage with less than Four Wheels, not chargeable with any Duty under this A<ft, by any Person occupying a Farm, and making* a Livelihood solely thereby ; or by any Person carrying on a Trade, and making a Livelihood solely thereby ; or making- a Livelihood by such Occupation and Trade jointly ; or by any eccleliaftical Perion not poiTeffed of an annual Income of One hundred Pounds or upwards, whether arising from any eccle-badical Preferment or ctlierwife.

O ne Horse, Mare, or Gelding, used by any Non-com-miffioned Officer cr Private of any of the Regiments of Cavalry, or in the Artillery.

One Horse, Mare, or Gelding, used by any Person enrolied, or to be enrolied, and serving in any Troop of Yeoman Cavalry in Ireland, who shall have attended on Horseback One Half at lead of the Number of - Days appointed for him to exercise, or be on Duty in the Year, and who dial! produce a Certificate from the Commanding Officer or permanent Serjeant of his having done so, and of Pay having been drawn for him for the said Number of Days.

Race Horses.

For every Horse, Mare, or Gelding, bona fide kept for the Purpose of Racing or Running for any Plate, Prize, or Sum of Money, or other Thing, so kept in training for any of the said Purposes, whether in the Stables of the Proprietor or Proprietors, or of any other Person or Persons, the Sum of The said Duty to be charged annually on the Person or Persons having the Custody, Charge, or Management of such Horses, Mares, or Geldings.

3 3 0

lioufes.

For, upon, and out of every Tenement, or Dwelling House, not chargeable with any Duty in refpedf of Fire tiearths, and which /hall be v/orth the yearly ' Rent of Four Pounds or upwards, or the Person occupying whereof /hall pay for such Tenement, or Dwelling House, or for the same and any Outhouses,. Gardens, or Appurtenances, or for the same and any Land occupied by such Person, a yearly Rent of Four Pounds or upwards (Money paid for Corn Acres, Potatoe-Land by the Crop in the Nature of Corn Acres, and for grazing, not to be deemed or con-fidered Rent) 5

SCHEDULE ; A,)

Houses continued.

If such yearly Rent or Value shall in the Whole amount to

Four Pounds and shall be less than Seven Pounds Seven Pounds —	—	Ten	Pounds -

For, upon, and out of every Tenement, or Dwelling House, not chargeable with any Duty in respect of Windows, and which fnall be worth the yearly Rent of Ten Pounds or upwards, or the Person occupying whereof shall pay for such Tenement or Dwelling Houle, or for the same and any Outhouses, Gardens, or Appurtenances, or for the same and any Land occupied by fu h Person, a yearly Rent of Ten Pounds or upwards (Money paid for Corn Acres, Potatoe-Land by the Crop in the Nature of Corn Acres, and for grazing, not to be deemed or considered Rent) ;

If such yearly Rent or Value shall, in the Whole, amount to Ten Pounds, and shall not exceed Forty Pounds, then.

For every Twenty Shillings of such Rent or Value, the Sum of

And if such yearly Rent, or Value shall, in the Whole, amount to Forty Pounds or upwards, then.

For every Twenty Shillings, of such Rent or Value, the Sum of

Leather.

Duty.

s8 s. d.

016

020

° o 3 .

004

For and upon all Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins herein-after mentioned,which shall be tanned in Ireland, the respective Rates and Duties following ; that is to say,

For and upon every Hide and Skin, or Piece of any such Hide or Skin, of any Kind or Denomination whatever, other than such as are hereinafter mentioned and described, for every Pound Avoirdupois thereof, and after such Rate for any greater or less Quantity.	-

For and upon all Hides of Horses, Mares, or Geldings, for every Hide	-

For and upon all Skins, called Veal Skins, and all Skins of Hogs, for every Dozen Skins, thereof, and after the same Rate for any greater or less Number For and upon all Skins for Shoes, and other like Pur-poses, and all Seal Skins, for every Dozen thereof, and after the same Rate for any greater or less Number	-	-	-	-

For and upon all other Skins for Bookbinder’s Use, for every Dozen thereof, and after the same Rate for any greater or less Number	-	-

For and upon all Goat Skins tanned with Slmmack, or Qtherwife to referable Spanish Leather, and all Sheep D 4

V

o

o

o

o

o

0	r

1	o

5 ©

2 6

1 o

SCHEDULE (A.)

Duty.

Leather continued.

Skins tanned for Roans, being after the Nature of Spanifh Leather, for every Round Avoirdupois thereof -	-

For and upon all Sheep Skins and Lamb Skins tanned for Gloves and Bafils, for eveiy Pound Avoirdupois thereof, and proportionably for any greater or less Quantity -For and upon all Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides' and Skins herein after mentioned, which [ball be dressed in Oil in Ireland, the several and respective Rates and Duties herein-after expressed, for every Pound Avoirdupois thereof ; that is to say.

Of every such Hide and Skin, and Piece of such Hide and Skin, of any Nature or Denomination whatsoever, other than such as are herein-after mentioned and described Of all Deer Skins, Goat Skins, and Beaver Skins Of all Calf Skins -	-

Of all Sheep and Lamb Skins

And proportionably. for any greater or less Quantity of all such Hides and Skins.

o.

o

o

o

o

s. df

o I

o o%

o

o

G

o

2

o-T-

Licences.

For and in respect of any Licence to any Person in Ireland for any of the Purposes herein-after mentioned the several reipeCtive Sums and Duties herein-after mentioned and fet forth ; together with the further Sum of One Shilling in the Pound on the Amount of all such Duties, in lieu of all Fees whatsoever to the Persons authorised to grant such Licences; that is to say,

To manufacture Tobacco in any Manner

And further, for and upon every Tobacco Table, exceeding one Table, which any Per son manufacturing Tobacco shall be licensed to keep

To deal in unmanufactured Tobacco, except as a whole-fale Importer only	-

To fell by Retail, or otherwise deal in Coffee, except Importers thereof or Persons licensed to fell Tea or Groceries	-	-

To manufacture Candles and Soap, or either of them, for Sale ; viz.

In the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road furroundmg the same ; and in any City or Town in Ireland fending a Member or Members to lerve in Parliament; or within Two Miles of the Sessions House, or Market House, or Market Place, thereof	-	-	-

In any other Part of Ireland

To manufacture Paper Hangings for Sale

S

4

10

1

4

2

5

o o

o ©

o o

o © o c o c

10 u*

Puty.

Licences continue.7.

To fell Paper Hangings, not being the Manufadlurer thereof; viz.

£

In the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road innounding the same ; and in any City or Town in Ireland fending a Member or Members to serve in Parliament ; or within Two Miles of the Sessions House, or Market House, or Market

Place thereof -	-

I11 any other Part of Ireland To keep a Still or Stills to rectify or compound Spirits and Strong Waters ; for every Gallon which such Still or Stills is or are capable of containing To keep a Mill or Mills for making Paper, for each Mill '	-

To brew, or make for Sale any Liquor called Sweets, or Made Wines	-	-

To make Metheglin or Mead for Sale /

‘To make Vinegar for Sale	-

To fell Tea and Groceries, or either of them, including Foreign Grapes, Foreign Currants, Radius and Figs* by Retail, viz.

In the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road, surrounding the same, and in every City, Town, and Mace returning a Member or Members to serve in Parliament j or within Two Miles of the Seifions House, or principal Market House, or Market Place, of any such City, Town, or Place In any oth^r Part of Ireland To fell or make any Gold or Silver Plate ; viz.

In the City of Dublin, or within the Circ ular Road surrounding the same, and in any City or Town in Ireland fending a Member or Members to serve in Parliament ; or within Two Miles of the Sef-iions House, or Market House, or Market Place, thereof	-	-

In any other Part of Ireland To keep a Tan Yard or Tan Pit, or to tan Leather.

To dreis Hides and Skins in Oil	-	-	-

To make Vellum or Parchment

To fell by Retail Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter, Ale, Cyder, or Perry, Metheglin, or Mead, in the Places following, viz.

In the City of Dublin, and within the Circular Road surrounding the said City, and within the District of the Metropolis of Dublin, or within the <~ity of Cork, or the City of Waterford, or the City of Limerick (including all Places fur-rounded by the said Cities respectively, and that Part of the City of Limerick called St. Francis's Abbey] or within the Town of Jklfaft

200 1 o O'

o 10 o

2 O Q

5 0 0 2 0 0 5 0 0

5 0 0 3 0 0

$ o a

zoo

160

100

100.

30 O Ql

43	C:i8.	47°	GEO.	Ill,	Scff.i.’

H

SCHEDULE (A.)

Licences continued.

Within the rest cf the respective Counties of the said Cities of Cork,Waterford, and Limerick, or within one Mile thereof, refpeflively ; or in any Place beyond the Circular Road i'urrounding the City of-Dublin, and the Wall of His Majesty’s Park the Pho-nix, not more than Two Miles distant therefrom ; or within one Mile of the Town of Belfast, or of the publick Lamps therein	-	-

In any other Place within the District of the Excite Office of Dublin, beyond the Circular Road and Wall of His Majesty’s Park the Phoenix, not distant more than Five Miles therefrom; and within the Cities of Armagh, Londonderry, and Kilkenny, and the Towns of Athlone, Balinafloe, Bandon, Carlow, Caffiell, CaMebar, Clonmel, Coleraine, Drogheda, Dundalk, Ennis, Ennilkil-len, Galway, Kinsale, Lilburne, Longford, Loughrea, Mallow, Newry, New Ross, Sligo, Tipperary, Tralee, Wexford, and Youghall, and within one Mile of the Market House or Market Place, therein refpeflively In any other Part of Ireland than those Parts before delcribed	-

To fell by Retail Spirituous Liquors,Wine, Beer, Porter, Ale, Cyder, Perry, Metheglin, or Mead, at any Encampment of Troops in Ireland for One Month And for every successive Month To fell Spirituous Liquors in Quantities not less than Two Galions, and not exceeding Fifty Galions, in the several Places following, viz.

Jn the City of Dublin, and within the Circular Road surrounding the said City and within the Diftrifl of the said Metropolis, or within the City of Cork, or the City of Waterford, or the City of Limerick, (including all Places fur-^ rounded by the said Cities, respectively, and that Part of the City of Limerick called St Francis’s Abbey;, or within the Town of Belfast Within the rest of the respective Counties of the said Cities of Cork, Waterford, and Limerick, or within one Mile thereof, refpeRively; or in any Place beyond the Circular Road surrounding the said City of Dublin, and the Wall of His Majesty’s Park the Phoenix, not more than Two Miles distant therefrom ; or within one Mile of the Town of Belfast, or of the publick Lamps therein

In any other Place within the District of the Excise Office of Dublin, beyond the Circular Road and

A.D.1807. Duty.

sS. s.

25 o o

20 O 9 II OO

IOO

ICO

25 O O

20 O ©

Licences continued.

Wall of His Majesty’s Park the Phoenix, not diPcant more than Five Miles therefrom; and within the Cicies of Armagh, Londonderry, and Kilkenny ; and the Towns of Athlone, Balina-floe, Bandon, Carlow, Cashell, CaftLbar, Clonmel!, Coleraine. Drogheda, Dundalk, Ennis, En-iiiilc-il*r... C-Hv.-av. Kin!ale, Lifburne, Longford,

’ Ivmghrea, r-LlGw, No wry, New Refs, Sligo, Tipperary, Tiv.oe, A1 extord, and Youghal), and win 1 in one blue ;• Me Market House or Market Place therein iGpedtively In any other Part of Ireland than those Parts before described

To loll Home-made Spirits on Com mi hi on or otherwise, in any Place in Ireland, in Quantities not lei3 than Fifty Galions; the Person so felling not being a li-cenfed DiHiller	-	-	-

To fell Spirits, not being Home-made Spirits, on Com-miffiun or otherwise, in anyplace in Ireland, in Quantities not less than Fifty Galions, the Person so felling not being an Importer of Inch Spirits To exercise the Trade or Bufmefs or a Brazier or Worker ■ in Brals, Copper, Tin, or other Metal, for making of Stills, Still Pleads, and Worms of Stills, viz.

In the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road surrounding the same, and in any City or Town in Ireland fending* a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, or within Two Miles of the Seiiions House, or Market Ploufe or Market Place thereof -	-	-

In any other Part of Ireland To keep a Malt House and make Malt for Sale, or to be used in any Brewery or Distillery ; for each and every Cillern or Kiln, which ever lhallbe the greatest in Number, in each and every Malt House in which such Bufmefs shall be carried on, in the Places following, viz.

In the City of Dublin, and within the Circular Road surrounding the said City, and within the District of the Metropolis of Dublin ; and in anyplace beyond the said Circular Road, and the Wall of His Majesty’s Park the P has nix, mot more than Two Miles distant therefrom ; or within the City of Cork, or the City- of Waterford, or the City of Limerick (including all Places furrounaed by the said Cities, refpedfivtly, and that Part of theCityof Limerick called St. Francises' Abbey,) or within the Town of Belfast Within the rest of the respective Counties of the said Cities of Cork, Waterford, and Limerick, or within one Mile thereof refpesftively, or in any

*e 4.

15 O o 10 o ©

20 OO

2 0 O <3

600 3 0 0

30 Q O

Hosted by

SCHEDULE ;A.)	Duty.

Licences continued* other Place vithin the DiftriL of the Excise Office of Dublin, beyond the Circular Road and Wall of His Majesty’s Park the Phoenix, not diilant more than Live Miles therefrom ; or with	£. /. d*

in One Mile cf the Town of Bellast, or of the publick Lamps therein ; or within the Cities of Armagh, Londonderry, and Kilkenny; or the Towns ofAthlone, Ballinafloe, Baudon, Carlow, Cafheil, Caitlebar, Clonmcli, Coleraine, Drogheda, Dundalk, Ennis, Eunifkilien, Galway, Kiniale, Lifburne, Longford, Loughrea, Mallow, Newry. New Ross, Sligo, Tipperary, Tralee, ■ Wexford, and Youghall, and within 6ne Mile of the Market House or Market Place therein re-ipe&ively - * In any other Part of Ireland than those Parts be-	20 0 p

fore described - -To fell Malt (the Party felling the same not being	15 0 0 1

licenfed to make Malt) - -To brew Strong Beer Porter or Ale, or Small Beer, for ♦-ale; for each and every Brew house in the Places following, viz. in the City of Dublin, or within the Circular Road fuiTOuncling the said City or within the DiftriL of the Metropolis, or beyond the said Circular Road and W all of KBMajeily’s park the Phu nix, not more than Two Miles diilant therefrom ; or within the City of Cork, or the City of Water-	20 0 0

ford, or the City of Limerick (including all Places surrounded by the Lid Cities refr t (Lively,! and that Part of the City of Limerick called St. Francis's Abbey,) or within the Town of Bel salt -Within the rest of the refpebtire Counties of the said Cities of Cork, Waterford, and Limerick, or within one Mile thereof refpedtivcly, or within one Mile of the Town of Belfast, or of the publick Lamps therein ; or in any Place within the District cf the Excise Office of Dublin, beyond the Circular Road and Wall of His Ma-	50 0 p

ge fty*s Park the Phoenix, not distant more than Five Miles therefrom Within the Cities of Armagh, Londonderry, and Kilkenny, and the Towns of Athlone, Ballina-	50 0 0

floe, Random Carlow, Cashell, Caftlebar, Clonmel!, Coleraine, Drogheda, Dundalk, Ennis, Ennifkilien, Galway, Kinsale, Lifburne, Long-•. ford, Loughrea, Mallow, Newry, New Rofss Sligo, Tipperary, Tralee, Wexford, and Youg-fcail, and within one Mile of the Market House or Market Place therein refpe&ively	0 0

Licences continued

In any other Place in Ireland To keep a Tavern, Hotel, Club-House, House

or Coffee -

s6 S.	d.

0 0	O

2 O	O

To fell by AuDion ;

Within the District of the Metropolis, or within Six Miles of the Castle of Dublin, or within the City of Cork, or the City of Waterford, or the City of Limerick, (including all Places fur-rounded by the said Cities relpeDively, and that Part of the City of Limerick called St. Francis’s Abbey,) and within the rest of the refpeDive Counties of the said Cities and in the Town of Belfaft	-

In any other Part of Ireland To make Glass Bottles, and other Vessels, or Utensils of Common Bottle Metal To exercise the Trade or Calling of a Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman, or other trading Person, going from Place to Place in Ireland, and travelling either on Foot, or with Horse or other Beast of burthen or other-wife carrying to fell, or expo fin ' to Sale, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize ; also Licences to travelling Tinkers, and Cafters of Iron and Metal, and to Persons hawking about Tea or-Coffee for Sale

And further for every Horse or other Beast bearing or drawing Burthen, which such Person shall fd travel with, or cause to be used for the Pur. pose of carrying* or drawing his, her, or their Goods, Wares, or Merchandize To carry on the Trade of a Coach maker, or Maker of any Carriages chargeable with Duty To carry on the Trade of felling Carriages chargeable with Duty, by way of AuDion or on Commifiion -To let to Hire any Horse for the Purpoie of travelling l oft, by the Mile or from Stage to Stage

10

5

1

2

2

o

o

2

O

o

o

o

o

Q-

o O

o o 5 o

5 0

o o

Metheglin or Mead.

For and upon every Gallon o! Metheglin or Mead made in Ireland for Sale, and after the lame Rate for ary greater or iels Quantity, to be paid by the Maker thereof	-	-

004^

Paper Manufacture.

For and upon the several Sorts of Paper herein after mentioned, which fnall be made in Ireland, the several and refpeDive Duties following, to be paid by the Maker of such Paper relpeclively,

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Paper made in Ireland, other than Brown Paper made of dd Ropes or Cordage only, without separating or

Hosted by

Licences continued.

extracting the Pitch or Tar, or any Part there from, and without Mixture of other Materials therewith, and not being glazed Paper for Clothiers and Hot-pveffers or Sheathing Paper, or Button Paper, or Button Board	-

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Brown Paper made of old Ropes or Cordage as afcreiaid only, and of all Button Paper or Button Board For every Hundred Weight of Paite B^ard, Mill Board, and Scale Board, and Paper commonly called by the Marne of Sheating or Sheathing Paper And so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

For every Hundred Weight of Glazed Paper for Clothiers and ITot-prefiers

And so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Paper-Hangings.

For and upon every Squsre Yard of Paper Hangings, which shall be printed, painted, or stained m Ireland ; over and above the Duties payable for the Paper before the printing, painting, or flaming thereof,

And so in Proportion for any greater Quantity ; to be paid by the Printer, Painter, or Stainer thereof.

Plate Wrought.

For and upon every Ounce Troy Weight of Gold or Silver Plate, wrought, made, or manufactured in Ireland	-	-

And so in Proportion for any greater or less Weight.

Male Servants.

For every Male Servant who shall be retained, or be employed by any Person in Ireland at any Time after the Fifth Day of January in each and every Year, the Sums, Duties, and Taxes following ; that is to say,

For One Male Servant	-	-

For Two Male Servants, each For Three or Four Male Servants, each For Five, Six, or'Seven Male Servants, each For Eight Male Servants, each For Nine Male Servants, each For Ten Male Servants, and upwards, each By any Male Person never having been married, for each Male Servant retained or employed by him, over and above the before mentioned Duties, the further Sum of	*

003

o o I

I o o

® 5

G I*

Dury for each Male Servant*

I J

1	II

2	2 2 12 3 3

3	*3

4	4

o

6

o

6

o

6

0

t ©

Hosted by

SCHEDULE (A.)	Duty.

Male Servants continued.

To be paid by the Person who shall retain or employ x. such Male Servant or Servants, and to be paid for every Male Servant who shall be retained or employed in any of the following Capacities : that is to say, Maitre d’Hotel, House Steward, Mailer of the Horl'e, Groom of the Chamber, Valet de Chambre,

Butler, Under Butler, Clerk of the Kitchen, Con-fedhoner,, Cook, House Porter, Footman, E.tinning Footman, Coacliman, Groom, Poliilion, Gardener, Park-keeper, Game-keeper, Huntsman, or Whipper-in, or by whatever Name or Names Male Servants, really acting in any of the said Capacities, shall be called or known, or whether such Male Servants shall have been or shall be retained or employed in one or more of the said Capacities, or in any other Bufmess, jointly with One or more of the same.

For every Male Person employed by any Person in Trade, or exercifmg any Profession whatever, as a Clerk or Book-keeper, or Office-keeper; except Apprentices, where no Premium or a Premium less in Value than the Sum of Twenty Pounds has been paid or contracted for with such Apprentice, the Duties following, viz.

Where one such Clerk, Book-keeper, or Office-keeper, and no more, dial be emploved, the Sum of	-	-	1	1

And where more than one such Clerk, Book-keeper or Office-keeper, shall be so emploved, for each the Sum of	-	1	1

For every Male Person employed by any Person in Trade as a Shopman (except Apprentices as aforesaid) for the Purpose of expofmg to Sale, or felling Goods, Wares or Merchandize, in such Shop or Warehouse, whether by Wholesale or Retail, the Sum of	-	-	1	1

d.

9

o

© '

Exemptions.

Any Servant (other than such as are herein ffipec’hed, and in respect of whom the Mailer is fubjecc to Dtity) who shall be really retained or employed for the Ptirpofe of Husbandry or Manufacture, or of any Trade or Calling, by which the Mailer or Mistress of such Servant shall earn a Livelihood or Profit, and who shall not at any Time be employed in any Capacity in respect of which a Tax is payable for any Servant.

Any Servant of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief * Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or any Butler, Cook, Gardener, or Porter of the College" of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Queen Elizabeth near Dublin, or any Servant of the Royal Hospital near Kilmainham, or of the Blue

f Stfc or to hnpor t

J&utv, 47 G. 3.

Male Servants (Exemptions) continued.

Coat Hospital or Lying-in Hospital in Dublin, or any Hospital or Charitable Inilitution.

One Servant of any Officer serving in any Regiment of Plorfe or Dragoons under the Rank or not receiving the Pay of a Field Officer, provided such Officer retains no more than One Servant; and any Servant of any Officer serving in any Regiment of Artillery, Infantry, or Marines, or Corps of Engineers, such Servant being a.dually a Soldier in the Regiment or Company to which such Officer shall belong ; and any Servant of any Officer in His Majesty’s Navy, under the Rank of a Mailer and Commander, in afrtual Employment, such Servant being borne upon the Books of the Ship to which fucli Officer shall belong.

One Servant of any Officer on Half Pay from His Ma-jelly’s Navy, Army, or Marines, provided such Officers shall retain no more than One such Servant only. Sweets or Made Wines.

For and upon every Barrel, containing Thirty-two Galions, of all Liquor called Sweets or Made Wines for Sale, made in Ireland, by Infudon, Fermentation, or otherwise, from Fruit or Sugar, or from Fruit and Sugar mixed, with any other Ingredients or Materials, and after the same Rate for any greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the reipeclive Makers thereof Tobacco.

For and upon every Pound Weight of Tobacco which fnall be manufactured in Ireland in any Manner ;—to be charged on the Person manufacturing the same, or taking any Part thereof, out of the original Package, for the whole Quantity contained in such Package (as exprefied in the Permit by virtue of which the Package was conveyed to the Manufacturer), at the Time when the same shall be opened

Vellum and Parchment.

For and upon all Vellum and Parchment which shall at any Time or Times be made in Ireland, the respective Rates and Duties herein-after mentioned (that is to say) For and upon every Dozen Skins of Vellum For and upon every Dozen Skins of Parchment And proportionabfy for any greater or less Quantity of such Vellum and Parchment, to be paid by the Maker thereof refpcdtively.

Vinegar.

For and upon every Barrel containing Thirty-two Gallons of Vinegar, Vinegar Beer, or Liquors preparing for Vinegar brewed or made in Ireland for Sale, and after the same Rate for any greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the Maker thereof refpedlively	*

c£ i, &

Duty.

5	5	0

o o 11

o o 6k o o 3

£ $4

Hosted by

___________________SCHEDULE (A.) _______________'■

Windows.

For and out of every Tenement or Dwelling House having more than Six Windows or Lights the Rates following* viz.

Number of Windows above Six, according to which the Dwelling House shall be charged Yearly; and the yearly Rates on such Dwelling House.

Number 0t Windows	Yearly Rates.			Number of Window*.	Yearly Rates.			^Number of Windows.	Yearly Rates.		

	£.	S.	d.		£.	S.	d.		■£.	j.	Y.

7	0	10	0	48	12	II	3	89	2 j	I3	9

8	0	*3	9	49	1 2	13	9	90	23	8	9

9	0	i7	6	5°	x3	8.	9	91	23	11	3

10	1	1	3	5i	T3	11	3	92	23	13	9

11	1	5	0	52	*3	J 3	9	93	23	16	3

12	1	12	0	53	!3	16	3	94	23	18	9

*3	X	18	9	54	l3	18	9	95	24	13	9

H	2	5	7	55	H	L3	9	96	^4 16		3

J5 16	2	13	9	56	r4	16	3	97	24	18	9

	3	2	0	57	*4	18	9	98	25	1	3

17 18	3	10	0	58	*5	1	3	99	25	3	9

	3	18	0	59	*5	3	9	100	26	10	0

*9	4	6	3	60	A5	18	9	IOI	2 6	12	6

20	4	16	3	61	16	1	3	102	26	15	0

21	5	6	3	62	16	3	9	103	26	*7	6

22	5	16	3	63	16	6	3	JOf	27	0	0

23	6	6	3	H	16	8	9	10 r	27	2	6

24	6	16	3	65	*7	3	9	106	27	5	<D

25 26	7	8	9	66	*7	6	3	107	27	7	6

	7	1X	3	67	*7	8	9	ic8	27	10	0

27	7	13	9	68	l7	11	3	IO)	27	12	6

28	7	16	3	69	*7	*3	9	no	28	18	9

^9	7	18	9	70 <	18	, 8	9	XII	29	1	3

3°	8	11	3	7<	18	11	3	112	29	3	9

3i	8	*3	9	72	18	13	9	H3	29	6	3

32	8	16	3	73	18	16	3	1 I.L	29	8	9

33	8	18	9	74	18	18	9	iJ5	29	11	3

34	9	1	3	75	19	*3	9	1.16	29	*3	9

35 36	9	T3	9	76	J9	16	3	1J7	29	16	3

	9	16	3	77	*9	j8	9	118	29	18	9

37 SB	9	18	9	78	20	1	3	H9	3o	1	3

	10	1	3	79	20	3	9	120	31	7	6

39	10	3	9	80	20	18	. 9	121	31	i°	0

40	10	18	9	81	21	i	3	122	31	12	6

4*	ti	1	3	82	21	3	9	12 3 -	3i	I5	0

42	r 1	3	9	83	2 I	6	3	I24	31	17	6

43	11	6	3	84	21	8	9	125	3 2	0	0

44	IX	8	9	85	22	3	9	126	^2	2	6

45	12	3	9	86	22	6	, 3	127	32	. 9'	0

46	12	6	3	87	22	8	9	128	32	7'	6

47 47 Geo	12 8 '.111.		9	88	22	IX E	, 3	1^9	3 2	10	P

Windows continued.

Number of Windows.	Nearly Rates		Number of -Windows.	Yearly Rates.			Number of ■ Windows.	Yeaily Rates*		

	s.	d.		c€.	s.	d		£.	s♦	d.

13°	3316	3	H7	37	2	6	I64	41	if	6

*3*	33 is	9	148	37	5	0	165	41		0

132	3+ x	3	J49	37	7	6	l66	41	*7	6

*33	34 3	9 !	150		13	9	I67	42	0	0

*34	34 6	3	151	33	16	3	168	42	u	6

I$5	34 ^	9	152	33	18	9	169	42	5	0

136	34 ii	3	H3	39	1	3	17©	43	11	3

L37	34 i3	9	*5 4	39	3	9	I7I	43		9

138	34 16	3	i55	39	6	3	172	43	16	3

r39	18	9	156	39	8	9	*73	43	18	9

140	36 5	0	H7	39	11	3	174	44	1	3

141	36 7	6	158	39	*3	9	. 175	44	3	9

142	g6 IO	G	U9	39	16	3	U6	44	6	3

143	- 36 12	6	160	4i	2	6	*77	44	8	9

144	36 1?	0	161	41	5	0	178	44	11	3

149	3<5 17	6	162	4i	.7	6	179	41		9

146	37 0	0	163	1 41	10	G	180	46	0	0

And for every Dwelling House, having more than 180 Windows or Lights, for every Window or Light exceeding the Number of iSo

o

2	6

Exemptions and Abatement?.

His Majesty’s Castle of Dublin, and any House within the Circuit thereof, and any House or Tenement for the Residence of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or of the Chief Secretary to theLordLieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or of the Under Secretaries in his Office ; and the College of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of ' Queen Elizabeth near Dublin; shall be wholly exempted from the said Duties.

Any Warehouse or Workhouse, being a diftind! and ,1'eparate Building, and not a Part or Parcel of the X) weffing House nor Shop, nor occupied in Fart or in the Whole as a Dwelling House, but employed solely for the Purpose* of lodging Goods, Wares, or ’Merchandize, or for carrying on some Ma-nufadture ’Or Trade, although the same may adjoin to, or have internal Communication with the Dwelling House, shall be Wholly exempted from the said Duties.

If in any House containing Eight Windows or more, any- Room or Rooms shall be' occupied by any Lodger or Lodgers not paying, respectively, a Rent exceeding Five Pounds yearly for such Lodging, h) much of the Tax; on such House, in respect of

A.D. J807.

5l

470 GEO. III. SefT. r.	C.	18.

SCHEDULE (A.)	■Duty.

Windows (Exemptions) continued. all the Windows or Lights therein as mad in respect of the Windows or Lights in the Part of such Houle so occupied exceed One Shilling for each Window or Light, shall be deducted from the whole Charge of such House. Any Hof pit ah Charity School or House, provided for the Reception and Relief of Poor Persons, or any Gaol, Prison, or SefTions House, or any Half, Office, or Public Building what foe ver in Ireland, shall not be charged in respect of Windows therein, otherwise than in Manner herein-after mentioned ; that is to say, all the Dwelling Rooms or Apartments in any such Public Building, being occupied by any Officer of, or belonging to, or employed in the same, or by any Servant of such Officer; and all such Rooms and Apartments not containing more than Six Windows or Lights, shall be charged with the Tax in respect of ■ Windows at the Rate of One Shilling for each Win-- dow or Light therein ; and if such Rooms or Apartments shall contain more than Six Windows or Lights, then they shall be charged with the said Tax as if they were an entire Houle ; and the Persons refpedt-ively by whom or by whole Servant inch Rooms or Apartments are or fhallbeinhabited,shall be chargeable with, or liable to pay the said Taxes,1 as Occupiers of inhabited Houles are by Law chargeable with, and liable to pay the same. Any Dwelling House or other Building, in respect of any Window which shall be occupied with, or ufed1 for a Loom, which shall be Handing at such Window, and really used in Weaving. Any'Dwelling House wholly occupied as a Boarding School, for the Education of Children, and kept by a Person lieenfed to keep a School by the Ordinary of the Diocese, or the Justices at SefTions, shall not be charged with any higher Rate or Tax than One Shilling for each Window or Light therein. SCHEDULE (B.)	£■ '■ d- > ,

COUNTERVAILING DUTIES, payable cn the Importation into Ireland from Great Britain, of certain Articles of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain, in lieu of all Countervailing Duties on the like Articles under former Acts.

Cards and Dice. For and upon every Pack of Printed, Painted, or Playing Cards, made and manufactured in Great Britain And a further Duty, the Pound For and upon every Pair of Dice made or manufactured	—		■— Countervailing Duties. £• *■ 0 2 O 003

in Great Britain ^ « E a	o o

C.i8.

47° GEO. III. SefT. i.

A;D. 1807.

S*

SCHEDULE (B.)

Paper.

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Paper made in Great Britain, other than Brown Paper made of old Ropes or Cordage only, without fepa-rating or extracting the Pitch or Tar, or any Part therefrom, and without any Mixture of other Materials therewith, and not being glazed Paper for Clothiers and Hotpreffers, or Sheathing Paper, or Button Paper, or Button Board ; and also except Paper Hangings

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Brown Paper made in Great Britain of Old Ropes or Cordage only as aforesaid, and of all Button Paper and Button Board	-

For and upon every Hundred Weight of Pafleboard, Millboard, and Scaleboard and Paper commonly called by the Name of Sheathing or Sheathing Paper

And so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

For and upon every HundredWeight of Glazed Paper for Clothiers and Hot-preflers

And so in Proportion far any greater or less Quantity.

Stained Paper.

For and upon every Square Yard of Printed, Painted, or Stained Paper Hangings, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity

Books.

For and upon every PoundWeight Avoirdupois of Books,, bound or unbound, and of Maps or Prints

Wrought Plate.

For and upon every Ounce Troy of Gold or Silver Plate, wrought,made,or manufactured in Great Britain

Sweets, or Made Wines.

For and upon every Barrel, containing Thirty two Gallons Wine Measure, of British Sweets, or other British Liquor made by Infusion, Fermentation, or otherwise, from Fruit or Sugar, or from Fruit and Sugar mixed with any other Material or Ingredient whatsoever, commonly called Sweets, or called or distinguished by the Name ,of Made Wines

Tobacco and Snuff.

For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of,

British manufactured Short-cut Tobacco, or To bacco manufactured into what is commonly known or called by the Name of Spanifh British manufactured Shag Tobacco, cut British manufactured Roll Tobacco British manufactured Carrot Tobacco

Countervailing

Duties.

003

001

100

050

001

003

o x o

5 5°

o	X	5

013

o	t	5

o	1	3

itsH

SCHEDULE

(B.)

Countervailing

Duties.

Tobacco and Snuff continued.

£• s.

Of every other Sort of British manufactured Tobacco not herein-before enumerated or defcribed	-

British manufactured Rappee Snuff British manufactured Snuffy called Scotch Snuff British manufactured Snuff, called Brown Scotch Snuff	-

British manufactured Stalk Flour For and upon eveiy Pound Weight Avoirdupois of every other Sort or Kind of British manufactured Snuff, or Snuff Work, not herein-before enumerated or defcribed	-

o 1 o 1

o 1

o 1

O I

O I

d.

5

1

9

i-

8

9

CAP. XIX.

An Act to provide more effectually for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland$ and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be Warehoused in Ireland; until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight.	[i7th March 1807.]

1 T X 7 HE REAS the several Acts in force in Ireland for regulating

*	VV the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar

*	from Ireland, and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be Ware-

*	houfed in Ireland', are about to expire ; and it is expedient that the

*	Provifions in the said Acts contained should be consolidated and ‘ amended be it therefore enacted by the King’s moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, and during the Continuance of this Aft, the several Drawbacks and Bounties in the Schedule to this Aft annexed shall be paid and allowed on the Exportation from Ireland (except to Great Britain') of any Sugar of the BritJlj Plantations in the same State in which it was imported, or of any Refined Sugar called Bajlards, or any ground or powdered Sugar broken in Pieces, or any other refined Sugar in the Loaf complete and whole, or Lumps duly refined, or Sugar called Candy, in lieu of former Drawbacks or Bounties onfuch Sugar when so exported.

II. And, in order to afeertain in Ireland the Average Prices of Sugar according to which the Drawbacks and Bounties payable under this Aft on Sugars exported from Ireland (except to Great Britain) are to be allowed, be it enacted, That the Commissioners of Cuffoms and Port Duties in Ireland shall from Time to Time aft&r the Arrival in Dublin of any London Gazette, containing Notices of the Average Prices of Brown or Muscovado Sugar as the same shall have been ascertained by Law in Great Britain at any Periods whatever, forthwith cause such Average Prices to be inserted in the Dublin Gazette, and all such Prices shall be inserted in Britjlo Currency.

E 3	IIL And

After 25th March 1807, Drawback* in annexed Table shall be given in iieu of former Drawbacks.

Average Prices of Brown Sugar, inserted in London Gazette, shall be from Time to Time inierte-d in Dublin Gazettes.

S 4

J f at certain Periods it appears by such I’.ifertions in Dublin Gazette Thar the Average Pi ice of Raw Sugar shall not have exceeded 70 s. per Cwr. the Diawbacks or Bounty in the Schedule corre (ponding virh inch Pi ice da l be paid, See.

On Fxportabon of refined Sugar ha F reign Ships a less Bounty shall be paid-

When any Patt c fthe Duty cn Sugar IhajJ be Impended uiider 46 G. 3. c. 62.

<? 6- t iic Drawback or Bounty shall be r cere.ifed i-20th fur eveiy is. pt r Cwt. of Duty suspended.

C. 19.	470	GEO. III. Self. 1.	A.D. 1807.

ITL And he it further enabled, That if in the Publication of the Dublin Gazette, containing Notice of the Average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar for the Quarter of a Year preceding the Fifth Day of May, or the Fifth Day of September , in the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven, or the Fifth Day of January in the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight, or any or either of the said Days in any subsequent Year during tne Continuance of this Ad, ascertained and taken in Manner prescribed by Law in G eat B Main, and inserted in the London Gazette, it shall appear that the Average Price of such Sugar so ascertained and taken for the preceding Quarter of the Year in England shall not have exceeded Seventy Shillings Sterling B ttiJJj Currency, for an Hundred Weight, exclusive of the Duties paid or payable on the Importation thereof, then and in every such Case the Drawback or Bounty in the Schedule to this Adi annexed, mentioned as corresponding to or with the Price of which such Notice in the London and Dublin Gazettes as aforesaid shall have been given as aforesaid, shall be paid or allowed on Exportation (except to Great Britain) of the ieveral Sorts of Sugar mentioned in the said Schedule, until Notice publifiiedin the London Gazette of the Average Price for the Quarter of a Year preceding any other of such subsequent Days, shall be inserted in the Dublin Gazette; and such Drawback or Bounty shall be paid or allowed in like Manner in every respect, and fubjebl and ujider and according to the like Rules, Regulations, Reitridtions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as any Drawbacks and Bounties are paid or allowed under and by .virtue of any Act or Abts in force or to be in force in Ireland relating to Drawbacks and Bounties, except in so far as the same are altered by this Adi.

IV.	Provided alwayr, and be it enabled, That on the Exportation

from Ireland of any Sugar in the same." tate in which it was imported, or of any refined Sugar or Sugar called Candy, in any other than a Britlfh or Irish Ship or Vessel, owned, navigated, and registered according to Law, there shall be paid and allowed One Shilling and Sixpence Sterling less Bounty for each and every Hundred Weight of Sugar in Loaf, complete and whole, or Lump duly refined, or Sugar called Candy, so exported ; One Shilling Sterling less Bounty for every Hundred Weight of refined Sugar called Bajlards, or refined Loaf Sugar broken in Pieces, so exported ; and One Shilling Sterling less Bounty lor every Hundred Weight of Sugar so exported in the lame State in which it was imported, or refined SugarJ being ground or powdered Sugar so exported ; than if the same refpeblivelv had been exported in a Britiflo or Irish Ship or Velfel so owned, navigated, and regidered; any Law, Cuitom, or Ulage to the contrary notwith-flanding.	'

V.	Provided also, and be it enabled, That wheneyer it shall happen

in pursuance of the Provilions contained or to be contained in any Adi or Adis in force in Ireland, that the Lord High Treasurer or Com» miffioiiers of His Majesty’s Treasury in Ireland, or any Three or more of them for the Time being, shall suspend the Payment of any Bart of the Duty on'Bi-own'or Muscovado Sugar imported into Ireland, then and in such Case "it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer, or CommifTiOifers of'the said Treasury, or any-Three or more of them for the Time being, for and in refpebl of every Shilling in the Hundred Weight of such 'Duty on Sugar so suspended, to decrease the ieveral Drawbacks and Bounties fet forth in the Schedule to this Adi " ' - . "'	-	.. .. v •	.	annexed)

A.D. 1807.	47*	GEO.	HI.	Se/T.	1.	C.	1.9.	5J

annexed, by a Sum equal to One Twentieth Part of such Drawbacks and Bounties refpedlivcly, and to fufpendthe Payment and Allowance of so much of the said Drawbacks and Bounties refpeCtively as such Sum so calculated shall amount unto,, and to continue such Suspension and to alter the Amount thereof, and to take off such Suspension and to renew the same, in like Manner and at the same Time as the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury are or may be empowered to suspend the Payment of any Part of the said Duty, on Brown or Mulcovado Sugar ; and every such Sufpension, and also every Alteration and Termination ,of any such Sufpension, shall be published in the Dublin Gazette, at such Days and Times as the Suspension of any Part of the said Duty on Brown or Muscovado Sugar, or any Alteration or Termination of such Suspension is or may be by any such Act or A6fs directed to be published ; and such Suspension of Drawback and Bounty shall be fubjeef and liable to such other Rules and Regulations as the said Lord High Treasurer, or Com-miffioners of the said Treasury, shall from Time to Time direct and appoint,

VI.	And be it further enabled, That it shall and may be lawful B >nd rr,'<y be for the Commissioners of Cuftorcs and Port Duties in Ireland to take taken for Bond to His Majeity from the respective Importers, Proprietors, or	rh£

Consignees of any Ihilijh Plantation Sugar for the Payment of the j^porud UU(y Duties chargeable upon any such Sugar which shall be imported into Ireland.

Ireland; and all Sugar so bonded shall be lodged and secured at the foie Expence and Riik of the respective Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees thereof, under His Majesty’s Locks, in such Warehouse or Warehouses as dial] be fit for that Purpose, and shall be approved of by the said Commissioners, and such Sugar shall not be delivered or taken from any such Warehouse before the full Duties and other legalCharges due and payable thereon shall have been paid and satisfied.

VIL And be it further enabled, That every Bond for Payment of Duties fhnll be the Duties chargeable upon any such Sugar imported into any Port in payable in 6 Ireland, and warehoused, shall be made payable together with Intereff ^',nrhs VVKh 6 *• at or after the Rate of Six Pounds per Centum per Annum upon the	‘

Amount of such Duties within Six Months from the Date thereof; so),IU? defray^ C and if all Duties due and payable in respect of any such Sugar ware- Duty and housed under this Act or any Act or A6!s in force in Ireland imme- Chai&cs. diately before the palling* of this Act, shall not be paid and satisfied within Six Months from the Date of the Bond, unless further Time shall be given by the said Commissioners pursuant to the Provisions of this Act and all Intereff due thereon paid, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, at the Expiration of the said Six Months, to cause such Sugar to be publickly fold to the best Bidder, and out of the Proceeds of such Sale to satisfy such Duties, together with the Intereff due thereon, and all such legal Charges and Expences as shall.have arisen or may be due relating to such Sugar, and the Overplus (if any be) shall be paid to the respective Importers, Proprietors, or Consignees the-eor, or to such other Person or Persons as shall be authorized to re:eiw the same.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful Commissioners for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized, upon of Customs, if Proof to their Satisfaction, that any Sugars which fha 1 be warehoused under this Act, or which shall have been warehoused under any Act renew VuclT or Acts in force in Ireland immediately before the pafiing of this Act, Bonds for Thre« or any Part thereof, remain unfold, to give Three Months further Months.

E 4	Time

5&	C.tp.	47°	GEO.	III. Seff.x.	A.D. 180,7.

Time for the Payment of the Duties on such Sugars, (or upon any Part of such Sugars, in case the Person requiring such further Time shall be defirousof paying the . Juties on Part of such ugars), and in any such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to take n new Bond or Bonds, and to permit the Sugar in respect whereof nny such Bond shall b$ given to remain in any Warehouse under the Provisions of this Act for such further Period of Three Months, and if at the Expiration of any such farther period of Three Months the Duties on such Sugars, together with the Interest thereon at the Pate aforeiaid, shall not have been paid, it shall be lawful for the said Commiffipners to fell such Sugar for the Payment of the Duties and Interest due thereon and Colls and Charges aforesaid, in like Manner as herein-before directed.

Act may be altered or repealed this Session. § 9.—Continuance of ** Act, 25th March *8o8. § 10.

SCHEDULE to which this A£t refers,

TABLE of DRAWBACKS and BOUNTIES on certain Sugars to be allo.wed and paid in lieu of former Drawbacks and Bounties on the like Articles.

Prices of Brown or Muscovado Sugar at which Drawbacks and Bounties are payable.	Pnwback. to be allowed on Sugar of the Bri-tilh Plantations in the famcState in which it was impoited; and Bqunty on rcfi ned Sugar being ground or powdered Sugar.	Bounty onrcfincd Sugar called Battards, or refined Loaf Sugar biok.en in Pieces,	Bjuntyon other refined Sugar in Loaf complete ^nd whole, or Lump duly refined, or Sugaj-called Candy.

If the Average Price of Brown or	Sterling,	Sterling,	Sterling,

Muscovado Sugar, published in the	the Cwt.	the Cwt.	* the C>vt,

London Gazette, shall not exceed 40s. Sterling the Cwt.	33s. cd.	37 s. 6d.	60s.

If it shall exceed 40 s. and not exceed 45 s.	31 6	31 0	57

4rs. r 50s.	3°	37 6	54-

50s. - 58s.	3°	3°	51

? 58s. - 60s.	27	27	46s. 6d.

60s. r 62 s.	24	24	40 s. 6d.

15 62s. - 64s.	21	21	36

- - 64s. • 66 s.	18	18	30

- - 66 s? - 68s.	lS	*5	25 s. 6d.

7 - 68s. - 70s.	12	12	19s. 6d.

If it shall exceed 70 s. 1	Nothing* 0	Nothing.	Nothing,

CAB,

AJD.1807,

470 GEO, III, Self, t.

C. 30,

$1

CAP. XX.

An Adi to fuspend, until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and seven, the Payment of all Drawbacks on Spirits made or distilled in Great Britain or Irelandy and exported from either Country to the other respectively.

\_iyth. March 1807.]

f XTJTHEREAS by the Acts for the Union of Great Britain and t VV Ireland it is among ft other Things provided that any Articles ( of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of either Country which f are or may be subject to internal Duty, or to Duty on the Materials f of which they are composed, may be made subject on their Importar

*	tion into each Country respectively from the other, to such Counter-f vailing Duty as shall appear to be just and reasonable in respect of 1 such internal Duty or Duties on the Materials, and that upon the

*	Export of the said Articles from each Country to the other refpec-‘ tively, a Drawback shall be given equal in Amount to the Counter*. < vailing Duty payable on such Articles on the Import thereof into

*	the same Country from the other : And whereas by the said Acts,

*	and by other Acts of Parliament now in force, certain Countervailing

*	Duties are chargeable on Spirits made or distilled in Great Britain on

*	the Importation thereof into Ireland, and on Spirits made or diftilled

*	in Ireland on the Importation thereof into Great Britain, and certain ‘ Drawbacks are in certain Cases payable on the Export of such Spirits

*	from either Country to the other respectively: And whereas Doubts

*	have arisen whether certain of the said Duties and Drawbacks are 1 just and reasonable, and how far the same are therefore confident with

*	the Letter and Spirit of the said Acts for the Union of Great Bri-c tain and Ireland: For Remedy thereof, and to'the Intent that such ‘ Countervailing Duties should be imposed, such Drawbacks allowed, f and such Provisions made as shall be judged proper for putting the

*	Trade between Great Britain and Ireland, in respect of Home-made f Spirits, upon a just, fair, and equitable Footing, according to the c true Meaning and Spirit of the said Acts for the Union of G'eat f Britain and Ireland. and also that fufticient Time may be afforded f for ascertaining just and reasonable Countervailing Duties and Draw-c backs, and for making such necefiary Provisions as aforesaid, it is ‘ expedient that the Payment of all Drawbacks upon the Export ‘ of such Spirits from each Country to the other respectively should f be suspended for a limited Time ^ be it therefore enacted by the King?s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aflembled? and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Twentieth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and seven, the Payment of all Drawbacks for or in respect of such Spirits on the Exportation thereof from any Part of Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to any Part of Great Britain respectively, shall be suspended until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and seven,

ff Act njay be altered or repealed this Spflion. § 2f

CAP*

From Feb. 20* 1807,the Payment of Drawbacks on the Exportation of Home-made Spirits from Great Britain to> Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britain, shall be suspended unti| May I, 1S07.

4-7° GEO. III. Seff.x.

A.D,1807*

5*	C»21*

CAP. XXI.

An AS to provide for regulating and securing the Collection of certain Rates and Taxes in Ireland, in respect: of Dwell-* ing Houses, Fire Hearths, Windows, Male Servants, Horses, Dogs, and Carnages.	[17th	March	1807.]

45 G v c. 105. repealed.

Officer mr<y enter and fnrvey Houses and charge Tax on H< aiths and Windows.

Provtfo for Houses newly bin It or

If Officer shall not obtain Entrance, See. be

*	W 7 HE REAS it is expedient to prqvide for the better regu*

*	▼ ▼ . lating and securing the Collection of certain Rates and

*	Taxes in Ireland, in respect of Dwelling Houses, Fire Hearths, ‘ Windows, Male Servants, Horses, Dogs, and Carriages be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affenibled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and leven, an Aft made in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Keign, intituled, An A3 to continue until the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fix, and amend fever al A 3s for regulating the Colle3ion of the Duties in Ireland, on Fire Hearths, on Dwelling Houses, on Coaches and other Carriages, on Male Servants, on Horses, and on Dogs, and alio so much of any other Aft or Acts as purport to continue or amend the said recited Aft, /hail cease and determine, and the same /hall be and are hereby repealed ; except so far as the said Acts repeal any former Aft, and except so far as the said Acts relate to the recovering, paying, and accounting for any Taxes or Arrears of Ta es, or any Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures recoverable under or by virtue of the said Acts, or any of them, and which shall or may become due or be incurred at any Time previous to or on the said Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven.

II.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers appointed by or acting under the Orders or Directions of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, to collect or fuperinte id the Colieftion of the said Rates and Taxes, or any of them, at any Time in the Day-time between the Flours of Eight of the Clock in the Forenoon and Sunset (with the Assistance of a Magifirate, Constable, or ether Person acting as a Peace Officer) to enter into any House, and into every Out-houfe and Edifice appertaining thereto, and into the several Apartments and Places therein, and to take Information from his own View and Survey of the Number of Fire Hearths and other Places used for Firing and Stoves therein, and also of the Number of Windows or Lights therein, and such House or Edifice shall be charged accordingly with the Rates and Taxes in respect of the Number of Fire Hearths, and of Windows or Lights therein : Provided always, that if any House or Edifice has been newly built, such Fire Hearths therein as appear not to be capable of being used at the Time of such Survey shall not be charged, or if any such House or Edifice Jhajl be finifiled only in Part, such House or Edifice /hall be rated only according to the inhabited Part thereof.

III.	And be it further enacted, That if any such Officer shall not on Demand of Entrance by knocking or otherwise into any Inch

shall JeavcNotjcc^f f^tpre Anendancej and i/ nor then admitted, Occupier fH . 11 forfeit 2-yI.

House,

A.D.1807.

470 GEO. III. SefT. x.

C. 21.

59

House, Out-house, or Edifice obtain Admittance, or after Admittance shall not be suffered to enter into all and every the Apartments and other Places therein refpebtively, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer, and he is required to leave a Notice in Writing at such Houle, with the Owner or Occupier of such House, or with his Wife, or his or her Child or Servant, above the Age of Sixteen Years, letting forth that such Officer will attend at such House, at a certain Day and Plour to be specified in such Notice, such Hour to be between the Hours of Eight of the Clock at Noon and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, and requiring to be admitted into such House, Out-house, or Edifice, and into every Apartment and Place therein refpeCtively ; and if such Officer shall not at the Time mentioned in such Notice obtain Admittance into such House, Out-houle, or Edifice, and into every Apartment and Place therein into which he lha'I require to be admitted, the Owner or Occupier of such House final for each Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds ; and if no Person shall appear at such House, Out-house, or Edifice from whom such Officer can make Demand of Entrance, or on whom such Notice can be lerved, then such Officer shall and he is hereby required to poll such Notice as aforesaid on the Door of such Plouse,

Out-house, or Edifice, and if such Officer shall not at the Time men-t’oned in such Notice be admitted into such House, Out-house, or E d-.fic , and into every Apartment therein, then the Owner or Occu-prer thereof shall forfeit the like Sum of Tweqty Pounds; Provided always, that due Proof shall be made by the Affidavit of the Person who served or polled such Notice, of the serving or polling thereof, and if polled that there was not found any Person residing in such House, Out-house, or Edifice, on whom such Notice could be served,

JV. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That in case where any such Officer shall have been admitted, or shall have made Entry into any House or Edifice for the Purpole aforesaid, the Owner or Occupier of such Ploufe or Edifice, or other Person who shall attend ^ charge for such Officer upon such Survey, upon consenting that the House or Edifice shall be chargeable with the Tax in refpeci of One Fire Hearth and of Three Windows for any Room or Apartment therein, may refuse to admit such Officer into any such Room or Apartment, except the same be a Kitchen or a Room in an Out-house, and in every such Case every Officer shall accordingly charge such House with the Tax for OnewFire Hearth and Three Windows for every such Room or Apartment.

V.	And be it further enabled. That the Rates and Taxes on Fire Hearths, and on Windows or Lights, and on Houses in respect thereof, and on Tenements or Dwelling Houses not subject to the said Duty on Fire Hearths or Windows, but subject to certain Rates occupier or fub-or Duties in respect of the Rent paid by the Occupier thereof, ffiall be sequent Tenant charged on and be payable by the Occupiers of all Houses and the tor Two Years. Out houses and Edifices thereunto belonging refpeCtively, and shall

and may be levied, at any Time, by Diftrels and Sale ot the Goods and Chattels of fuch' Occupier, or at any Time within Two Years after the said Rates and Taxes shall become due on the Goods and Chattels of any subsequent Occupier of inch Houle.

VI.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Dwelling ploufe or Edifice, or any Part thereof, is or shall be let in different Apartments to any Person or Persons, the immediate Landlord of iuoh House or Edifice shall be deemed to be the Occupier of such

7	Houfe

Hosted by CjOCK^IC

Where no Inhabitant appears, Officer mav poll Notice on Do^r.

Proof of Service of Notice, &c.

Owner may refuse An million into anv Room

One Hearth and Three Windows,

Duties on Hearths, Win. clows,andHouies chargeable on

Owner of

Houses ler its Lodgings deem', d Occupier.

HouPs com mu-rvc.itmg- thal) he ci. urged as one.

Windows in all Oni Offices charged,.

4f GEO. III. Seff. i.

A.D. 1807.

3Vb'r fhafi be Sec kuiicd as t

Windows,

f>r<rfnration and Koturn of lumber of Windows and v Heat £n&-

House or Edifice, and ftiall be charged with and be liable to pay the Tax in respect of Windows or Lights in such Dwelling House or Edifice.

VII.	And be it further enacted. That where there shall be an internal Communication between any Two Houses adjoining each other, and the same shall be occupied by One Person, and his or her Family, the Taxes in refpetft of Fire Hearths and of Windows or Lights shall be rated as if such Two Houses were One House.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That every Kitchen, Scullery, Butlery, Pantry, Larder, Wafh-house, Landry, Bake-house, Brew-house, and Lodging Koom, belonging to or occupied with any Dwelling House, shall be deemed and taken to be Part of such Dwelling House ; and all Windows or Lights therein, and also all Sky Lights or Windows or Lights in Stair Cases, Garrets, Celiars, Passages, and in all other Parts of Dwelling Houses to what Use or Purpose soever applied, shall be reckoned and included in the Number of Windows in respect of which such Dwelling House shall be charged with Duty under this Adi.

IX.	Aud be it further enacted, That when a Partition or Divifiori in any Window or Light shall be of the Breadth or Space of Twelve Inches or more, the Windows or Lights on each Side of such Part tion or Division shall be deemed as d ill in 61 Windows or Lights, ajid shall be rated accordingly : Provided always, that every Window in a Frame' which is or shall be extended so far as to give Light into more Rooms than one, shall be reckoned and charged for so many separate Windows as there are Rooms lighted thereby.

X.	And be it further enabled, That the Owner or Occupier of every Dwelling House in which with the Out-houfe or other Edifice appertaining thereto there shall be Two or more Hearths or Places used for Firing or Stoves or Seven or more Windows or Lights, shall, when required by any Officer empowered to colled! the said Taxes-upon Hearths and Windows, make due and immediate Declaration and Return of the greatelt Number of Hearths, Firing Places, or Stoves, and of Windows or Lights respectively which were in his or her House or Premises on the Sixth Day of January then next preceding, and shall within Fourteen Days after any additional Hearth or Window shall be made or opened, deliver or cause to be delivered to the Officer aforesaid, or in his Absence to the Colledlor of Excise of the District, a true Lid or Account in Writing under his or her Hand of every such additional Hearth and Window respectively, and if any such Owner or Occupier shall refuie or neglect to make or deliver such Declaration or Return, Lift or Account, or shall make any undue or false Declaration or Return, Lift or Account, such Owner or Occupier tl-all for every Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds to any Person who shall inform or sue for the same, and shall be chargeable with and pay double the Rate or Tax which he or {he ought otherwise by Law to be charged with in respect of Hearths or Windows, as the Case may be ; and if at any Time any greater Number of Hearths or Windows shall be discovered in any House, Out-house, or Edifice appertaining thereto, than the Numbers respectively expressed in such Declaration, or Return, Lift, or Account, it shall be taken and received as sufficient Proof of a false or untrue Return, Lift, or Account, unless due Proof be made by such Owner or Occupier that the Hearth or Window so exceeding had been made or opened within Fourteen Days,

XI. And

Hosted by

A D. 1807.	470	GEO.	III.	SefT.	1,	C. 2(.	6i

XI.	And be it further enacted, That the Rates and Taxes in' CtVm ges on respect of Fire Hearths and Windows shall be charged for the Whole Hearths and Year, for such Number of Fire Hearths and Windows as shall be j.-.^uary

in any Dwelling House, or in any Out-houfe or Edifice appertaining Yearly.' thereto, on the Sixth Day of January in any Year; and that if any Person shall in order to evade the Payment of the^Rate or Tax in respect of Fire Hearths, or Windows or Lights, payable within such Year, flop up, deface, cover, or conceal, any Hearth, Firing Place,* or Stove, or any Window or Light chargeable with the said Tax, and the same be proved either by Confession of the Party or upon Penalty on Oath before any Juslice, or by the View of such Juslice, every such flopping up Person shall be charged with and pay double the Amount of the Tax Hearths or for the same respectively: Provided always, that the Proof of the Time that any such Hearth, Fire Place, Window, or Light may °u e have been flopped, shall lie on the Owner or Occupier of the House :

Provided also, that no Hearth, Fire Place, Stove, Window, or Light, shall be deemed to be flopped up unless the Whole of such Hearth,

Fire Place, or Stove be built up with Stones or Bricks and Mortar made with Lime, or such Window or Light be flopped up with the same Materials as the Wall or Roof adjoining thereto is com-poicd of.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Per- Levying the son is by this Act chargeable as Occupier of any Dwelling House for Rates on the Rates and Taxes in respect of the Fire Hearths or Windows therein Hearths,

or in respect of the Rent paid by such Occupier, such Person shall pay	an<*

the said Rates and Taxes on Demand of the proper Officer made p>Xcfs u£

either at the House in respect of which or in respect of the Rent Gjods of

paid by the Occupier thereof, such Rates and Taxes are chargeable. Pylons

or at the Dwelling House of the Person so chargeable if the Person chargeable,

so chargeable shall not reside at the House in respect of which any

•fuch Rates or 1 axes are chargeable, and all Goods and Chattels

in either of such Houles, and all Goods and Chattels of the

Party so chargeable, wherever the same shall be found, shall be

fubjedl and liable to the Payment of the said Rates and Taxes, and

of all Penalties for Non-payment thereof, and in default of Payment

of the said Rates and Taxes it shall be lawful for such Officer, at

any Time between Sunrife and Sunset to make Entry into any or

either of such Houses and any Edifices appertaining thereto, and to-

levy all Sums due for such Rates and Taxes not exceeding Two-

Years Amount of such Rates and Taxes ; and all Sums due for any

Penalties under this Adi by Dilliefs and Sale of any Goods and

Chattels found in the said Houses respectively, or of any other

Goods or Chattels of or belonging to the Person so chargeable ;

refloring to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels the Overplus, if

any, after the Payment of all such Rates and Taxes and Penalties

respectively, and the Charges of such Dill refs; (whidh shall in no

Case exceed One Fourth Part of the said Rates and Taxes so due).

XIII.	And be it further enabled, That every Person keeping Car- Boards (Rail be

riages for Hire, shall paint or cause to be painted in Oil Colour on a put up by Board, with Letters visible and legible, at lead One Inch long in	beeping

White upon a Black Ground, or in Black upon a White Ground,	*gi

his or her Name and Names at full Length, and the Words,

Licensed to keep Carriages for hire which Board shall be affixed in some conspicuous Place on the Outlide of the Front of the House of such Person, not more than Three Feet distant from the Top of

the

62

C 2T.

Dut'es on

Carriages charged *>n Persons in whole PolTeihon they are ;

So in cnfe of Race Iriorles.

of

Carriages,

Servants,

Horses,

D gs, &c. shall be delivered yearly by Owners to Officers on Demand.

47® GEO. Ill, Seff.i. ’ A.D. 1807.

the-Shop Door or Streep Door of such House, and such Person shall preserve and keep up the same during the Time such Person Hi all continue to keep such Carriage or Carriages, or in Default thereof shall forfeit refpelively the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XIV And be it further enabled, That every Person (other than and except Coachmakers having Carriages in their Possession for Sale,) who shall have in his or her Poffefiion or keeping any Carriage charge-able with Duty under or bv virtue of any Act or A rts in force in Ireland, the Rates or Duties on which shall not have been charged on or paid by the Owner or Proprietor of inch Carriage shall be chargeable and charged with and shall pay the Rates and Duties payable for such Carriage, in the same Manner as such Owner or Proprietor is or ought to be charged or chargeable for the same ; and that every Person keeping or having the Charge or Care of any Race Horse or Race Horses, the Rates and Duties for which shall not be charged on or paid by the Owner or Proprietor of such Race Horse or P ace Horses, shall be chargeable and charged with and shall pay the Rates and Duties payable on such Race Horse or Race Horses, in the same Manner as the Owner or Proprietor of such Race Horse or Race Horses is or ought to be charged or chargeable for the same.

XV. And be it further enacted, That every Perion in Ireland having, keeping, uling, or employing, or having had, kept, used or emploved, since the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seven, any Carriage with Four Wheels, or any Carriage with less than Four Wheels, or any Male Servant or other Male Person, or any Dog, or any Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, upon or in respect of whom or which any Rate, Tax, or Lyutyis ormay be impofedby any Act or Acts nbw or at any Time hereafter in force in Ireland, shall upon Demand or within Ten Days after Notice served by the Colledlor of the Taxes on Fire Hearths, or by any Officer appointed by the Com-miffioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, to collector superintend the Collection of all orany of the Rates, Duties, and Taxes, in this Act mentioned, in the Pariffi or Diftri6l in which such Person shall reside, deliver to such Collector or other Officer a true Lift or Account in Writing, under his or her Hand, of every such Carriage, and of every such Male Servant or other Male Person, and of every iuch Dog, and of every such Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, which any such Person shall or may have had, kept, used, or emploved, or shall or may have, keep, use or employ at the Time of such Demand or at the Time of the Receipt of any such Notice, or at any Time after the said Fifth Pay of January One thousand eight hundred and seven, or at any Time after the Fifth Day of January in any subsequent Year ; and which said Lift shall contain the Name and Names of the Person delivering such Lift, the Name of his or her Residence or Place of Abode, at the Time of delivering such Lift, and of the Place, Parish, Barony, and County in which such Residence is situate, and the Description of every such Carriage, and the Name and Surname of every Inch Servant or other Male Person, and the Capacity in. which such Servant or other Male Person was or is or shall be emploved, and the Kind and Description of every such Dog, and the Uses or Furpofes for which every such Horse, Mare, Gelding or Mule, was or is or shall be kept or used; and from Time to Time, as often as any such Person fhall-keep or have any additional Carriage, or shall retain or employ any additional Servant, or other Male Person, or shall keep or use any additional Dog, or any additional Horse,

. Mare^

A. D.X807.	470GEO. III. Seff.i.	C.21.	63

Mare, Gelding, or Mule, beyond the Number of the same refpedt-ively expressed in any such Lift, then every such Person respectively fnall within Fourteen Days after such additional Carriage shall be kept, or come into the Pofieffion of such Person, or after any additional Male Servant or other Male Person shall be retained or emploved, or any additional Dog, or any additional Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule shall be. kept or used by such Person, in like Manner deliver to the said Collector or other Officer a like Lift or Account of every such additional Carriage, Male Servant, or other Male Person,

Dog, Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, as the Case may be ; and if any such Person shall neglect or refuse to deliver in Manner aforesaid any such Lift or Account as is herein-before required, or shall make or deliver any undue or false Lift or Account of the Matters and Things aforesaid, or any of them, or if at any Time any such Person shall keep, retain, or employ, or ufeany greater Number of Carriages,

Servant^, or Male Persons, Dogs, Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, than shall be expressed and mentioned in such Lift or Account delivered by such Person pursuant to this A£t, or shall keep, retain, employ, or use any Carriage, Servant, Male Person, Dog, Horse,

Mare, Gelding, or Mule, not expressed and mentioned in such Lift,

such Person Shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten

Pounds to any Person who shall inform or sue for the same, and shall

be chargeable with and pay Double the Tax, which such Perfon	*

ought otherwise by Law to be charged with in refpedf of any such

Carriage, Servant, Male Person, Dog, Horse, Mare, Gelding, or

Mule, as the Case may be, of which such Person shall have negle&ed

or refused to deliver a Lift or Account in Manner required by

.this Act.	*

XVI. And be it further enabled, That every Coachmaker or Accounts ftali Maker of Carriages shall from Time to Time enter in a Book to be be keP' and kept solely for that Ptirpofe by such Coachmaker or Maker of Car-riages the Number and Kind of Carriages by him built and constructed ar|d skiers of for Sale, diftinguifiling the Number of Wheels of each, and if with carriages, less than Four Wheels whether constructed to be drawn by Two Horses abreast or otherwise, and the Number fold, and the Names' and Places of Abode of the Persons to whom fold, and the Days on which each Carriage was delivered or sent out of the Shop or Warehouse of such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages; and every Person lelling Carriages by Au&ion or on Commiftion as aforesaid, shall keep a like Book, and in like Manner enter in the same, the Number and Kinds of Carriages fold by such Person, distinguishing the Number of Wheels of each, and the Days on which such Carriages were fold, and to whom they were fold respectively ; all which Books shall at all 7-eafonable Times in the Day-time be open to the Infp'edtlon of the Colle&ovs of the Tax on Fire Hearths, or any Officer appointed to superintend the Collection of the Tax on Fire Hearths, in the District where such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages or other Person shall reftde and carry on his Buftnefs, and such Collector or other Officer shall have Power to enter into the House, Manufactory, Workshop, and other 1 Buildings of every such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages and Persons felling Carriages as aforesaid, and take an Account of all Carriages there, and to satisfy himself of the Truth of such Entries in any such Books reipeCrively; and every Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, and other Person hereby required to keep such Account refpe&-

Penalty 50I.

Duties on Coachmakers, ixc. (hail -be pa d to Health Money Collectors.

Lifts shall be delivered of all Carriages, Servants, Scc. kepr by any Person at difteicnt ; Places. Penalty 10I.

C.2I.	47*	GEO. iil. Seir. x, A.t>. 1807.

ively, shall within Twenty Days after the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, the Tenth Day of October, and the Fifth Day of January, in each and every Year, after the palling of this Act* deliver a true Copy in Writing of all dnd every Entry made in such Book or Books respectively within the Quarter of a Year ending on such Day respectively, containing the Matters and Things before directed, to the Collector of Excise of the Dillridt in which such Coachmaker or Mai ter of Carnages, or other Person shall relide; and when required so to do by the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes* or Collector of Inland Excite in such DifiriCt, every such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, or other Person, or his or her Chief Servant, Workman, or Manager, shall make Oath, or being a Quaker, an Affirmation of the Truth of such Account, according to the bell of his or her Knowledge and Belief* and every such Copy of the Account to be delivered by such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages or other Person, shall to the bell of his or her Knowledge and Belief, express the Name and Names of every Person required to be entered in such Account, and the Place or Places of his, her* or their usual Refn dence ; and ii any such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, or other Person, shall negleCt to keep such Account or to deliver such Copy thereof, or shall wilfully omit any Description which ought to be contained therein, or shall refuse to admit any such Collector or other* Officer into the House, ManufaCtoiy, Workshop, or other Buildings of such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, or other Person, at a reasonable Hour in the Day-time for the l'urpofes aforesaid, such Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, or other Person, shall for every fu h Offence forfeit and pa^ the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XVIL And be it further enabled, That the Collector of Inland Excise of the DiftriCt to whom such Account as aforesaid shall be delivered by any Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, or by any Person felling Carriages as aforesaid, shall forthwith transmit to the feve-ral Collectors of the Duty on Fire Hearths within his DiftriCt art Account of all such Duties as shall be due from any Coachmaker or Maker of Carnages, or Persons felling Carriages, within the Walk of such Collectors of the Duties on Fire Hearths refpeClively, and such Collectors of the Duties on Fire Hearths shall demand, receive, and colleCt the said Duties accordingly, in such Manner and with such Power and Authorities as the Duties on Fire Hearths may be colleCled under or by virtue of this Aft, or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall 'deliver any Lift or Account required by this Act as aforesaid, and who shall keep, use, or employ any Carriage, Male Servant, or other Male Person, Dog, Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, in any other Place in Ireland, than the Place where such Lift or Account shall be delivered, shall in every such Lift or Account fet forth the whole Number of Carriages, Servants, Male Persons, Dogs, Horses, Mares, GekL ings, and Mules, kept and used by such Person in Ireland, in order that such Person may be charged for the same according to the Rate chargeable on the greatest Number retained or kept in the Whole; and such Person shall specify the Places with the Parish and Barony in which the same shall be lituate where each such Carriage, Servant, Male Person, Dog, Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule shall be at the Time when such Person shall deliver such Lift, and shall make and iign a Declaration of the Parish or Place in which such Person intend*

14	tQ

C. 21.

65

A.D. 1807.	470 GEO. III. Seff.i.

to pay for all such Carriages, Servants, Male Persons, Dogs, Horses,

Mares, Geldings, and Mules ; and on Proof of Payment by any Per-fon of the Taxes in respect of all such Carriages, Servants, Male Persons, Dogs, Horses, Mares, Geldings, and Mules, in any one Parish or Place, by Production of the Receipt signed by the Collector to , whom the Payment shall have been made, or of a -Certificate by such Collector, such Person shall be acquitted from, the Payment of the said Taxes refpeCtively in any other Parish or Place in Ireland; and if any Person shall negleCt or refuse to fet forth such Particulars as are hereby required in such Lifts or Accounts, such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XIX.	And whereas difficulties may sometimes arise in discovering Returns by Lodgers or Inmates in Houses liable to pay the said Taxes in respect Hou fe keepers of of Carriages, Male Servants, and other Male Persons, Dogs, Horses,

Mares, Geldings, and Mules ; be it therefore enacted, That every In- kept 6r empf0y, habitant Householder of any House in which any Lodger or Inmate ed by Lodgers* shall reside, who shall keep, retain, employ, or use any Carriage,

Servant, or other Male Person, Dog, Horse, Mare, Gelding or Mule, upon or in respect of which any Rate, Tax or Duty is or maybe payable as aforesaid, shall deliver to any Officer appointed to colleCt or superintend the Collection of any of the Taxes aforesaid, on Demand, or within Ten Days after Notice served, by such Officer, a true Lift: or Account in Writing, under the Hand of such Inhabitant Householder, expressing the Name and Nairn s of every such Lodger or Inmate, with an Account of every Carriage, Servant, Male Person,

Dog, Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, kept, retained, emploved, or used by such Lodger or Inmate, to the bell of the Knowledge and Information of such Inhabitant Householder; and if any such Inhabitant Householder shall negleCl or refuse to deliver such Lift as aforesaid, or shall wilfully omit or misrepresent any Description which ought to be contained therein, or shall make or deliver any undue or false Lift or Account, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XX.	And be it further enaCIed, That the Notices by this ACl re- Form of Notices quired to be given by any Officer in refpeCl of the Rates, Taxes, and and L:fts may Duties mentioned in this Act, requiring any Lift, or Account thereof, be Retried by and the several Lifts or Accounts to be delivered pursuant to such

Notices by every Person subject to the said Rates, Taxes, and Duties, or any of them, shall and may be in.such Form or Forms adapted to the particular Lifts, or Accounts, required, as the Commif-fioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland may from Time to Time order,direct, and appoint.

XXI.	Provided always, and be it enabled. That in case any Person Returds on having or owning any House, fubjedf to any Tax in respect of Fire Benalf of Hearths or Windows, or keeping, using, retaining, or employing Abfenteesmay

n '	c	.	“	r> r °	'	6	be made by their

any Carriage, or any Servant, or other Male Person, or any Dog, or Servants. 7

any Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, upon or in respect of which any Rate, Tax, or Duty, is or may be payable as aforesaid, shall be absent from Ireland, then a Lift or Account of the Fire Hearths and Windows, in any House belonging to such Person, and of any and every Carriage, or Servant or Male Person, or Dog, or Horse, Mare*

Gelding, or Mule, kept, used, retained, or employed by such Person,

- made out and subscribed by the Agent, Steward, Housekeeper, or principal Servant of such Person so absent, and delivered as afore-47 Geo. III.	F	laid*

<55	C. 21.	47° GEO. III. Sefla.	A.D.1807.

laid, fliall'be of the same Effeit as if such Lift or Account were made out and subscribed and delivered by the Person owning and occupying such House, or keeping, using, or employing any such Carriage, Servant, or Male Person, Dog, Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule respectively,as the Case may be.

Bachelors fhnll XXII. And be it further enadied, That every Male Person who is theTetteVVg^11 ^7	reclu^re^ to deliver any Lift or Account under this A<2y

in Lifts delivered Servants, Horses, Ma- es, Geldings, or Mules, kept, retained, under this A6\, used, or employed by such Person, and every Inhabitant Householder, who is by this Adi required to deliver a Lift or Account of any Lodger or Inmate in such House, shall in such Lift or Account, in Addition to the Particulars herein-before directed, fet forth and declare whether such Male Person, who shall keep, use, retain, or employ any Male Servant, or any Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, ever had been married, by writing the Letter (B) oppolite the Name of every such Male Person never having been married ; or in Default of setting forth and declaring the same, such Person shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds.

Mode of allowing	XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any

Charge on one Officer on Half-pay fjrom His Majesty’s -Navy, Army, or Marines, Servant of	{hall keep One Male Servant only, such Officer shall in the first Instance

Half-pay Officer p,e c}largecl with the Duty for such Male Servant; and it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, on Application- made to them by such Officer, and Proof made that he is an Officer on Half-pay as aforesaid to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, to make an Abatement of the Whole Tax from the Charge against such Officer.

Officers empow- XXIV. And be it further enacted. That every Officer appointed by ererl to collect the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes for that Purpose, shall and dill-rain for be and is hereby refpeeftively authorized and empowered to charge, ^axes#	levy, collect, recover, and receive the several Rates, Duties, and

Taxes on Houses in respect of the Number of Windows or Lights therein, or in respect of any Rent payable by the Occupier thereof, and on Carriages, and on Coachmakers or Makers of Carriages, and on Sellers of Carriages, and on Male Servants or other Male Persons, Dogs, Horses, Mares, Geldings, and Mules, in the same Manner, and with like Powers and Authorities as the Rates and Duties in re-fpedt of Fire Hearths by Law may be' charged, levied, collected, recovered, and received ; and that every Person chargeable with, and liable to pay the said Rates, Duties, and Taxes respectively, or any ' of -them, shall on Demand made at the House of such Person by any such Officer, pay to such Officer, the several and respective Rates, Duties, and Taxes, which such Person shall be so chargeable with and liable to, and which shall be then payable or in Arrear; and in case of Refusal, or Default in Payment thereof after such Demand, it /hall and may be lawful for such Officer at any Time in the Daytime, with the Assistance of a Constable or other Peace Officer, or if no such Constable or other Peace Officer shall appear or attend, then without such Affistance, to make Entry into and upon the House, Office, or other Premises of the Person chargeable with the said Rates, Duties, and Taxes, or any of them, and to levy the same, and all Arrears thereof, by Distress and Sale of any Goods of such Person in or upon such House, Office, or~other Premises ; and if no * Goods /hall be found in such House, Office, or PrenBfes sufficient to *	’	-	...	f^tisfy

$7

A.D.1807.	47°GEO. III. SciT. 1.	C.2r,

fatisfy all such Taxes so payable and all Arrears thereof, then it shall and may be Iawfff for fnch Officer to levy the same, by Distress and Sale of any Goods of such Person wheresoever such Goods shall be found, restoring to the Party the Overplus of such Money as such Goods fhall'be sold for over and above the Tax and Arrears thereof then due and over and above the necessary Charges of taking such Tift refs ; and every such Officer shall have a Book or Books prepared Foirn of Books for the Collection of each of the said Rates, Duties, and Taxes, or and Receipts for for any Two or more of them, as the Commissioners of Inland Excise ^uch Taxes, and Taxes may deem expedient; and every Leaf of every such Book shall be divided into Three Columns, and upon each of the said Columns shall be printed or written the Name and Residence of the Person chargeable, and the Rates or Taxes wherewith and on what Account such Person is chargeable; and upon the Middle, and alfo-upon the Extreme of the said Columns shall be printed or written, over and above what shall be contained as above directed, these Words Received - the full Amount of the foregoing Rates and “ Taxes,fpecifying the Time and Place; and each Column shall be signed by the Collector when he receives such Rates or Taxes.

XXV.	And be it further enacted, That the said Columns flia 1 be Reflating joined with oblique Lines, Flourishes, or Devices, in such Manner as Receipts for the said Commissioners shall direct, and the Extreme or Third of the T.ix«?sand said Columns, shall be stamped with the Luty payable thereon as for Duplicates a Receipt, and it shall be separated or cut off by a Cut through the XiTvfmifllon of oblique Line, Flourish, or • evice which joins it to the Middle Column, Duplicates* and shall be delivered by the Officer to the Person paying the Rates or Taxes on the Account fpecihed therein, and shall be signed by the Officer or Person receiving such Rates or Taxes at the Time of receiving the same; and the Second or Middle Column shall in like Manner be signed by the Person receiving the Rates or Taxes therein flated, at the Time of his signing the Extreme or Third Column ; and all Receipts so signed in such Second or Middle Column, shall once in every Fourteen Days be transmitted to the Collector of Inland Excise and Ta es of the i istrict, and the Firffi Column shall remain in the Book to be kept by the Collector of the Rates and Ta es, and produced by him at all Times for the Inspection of any Superior Officer.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted, That the Stamp Duty on all stamps on Receipts given by virtue of this Aft, shall be paid by the Party Receipts shall be charged with the Rates and Ta-.es in such Receipt specified, and that P lld b>’ tlje such Receipt, fhall-be given without Fee or Reward, of any Nature or Party>

Kind whatsoever.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Person chargeable Penalty of 50,1.

with and liable to pay any of the said Rates and Taxes respectively, on rerfons not

shall not pay the same to the Officer empowered to collect the same pay,ng Taxes or.

within One Calendar Month after Notice in Writing, in the Name of w Monch s

o'	JNoticc*

such Officer, shall have been given to such Person Or left at the ufual

Place of Abode of such Person with his Wife or with his or her

Child or Servant, above the Age of Sixteen Years, requiring him or

her to pay such Rates or Taxes, every such Person shall for every

Neglect or Default forfeit Fifty Pounds, provided that at leaf! Seven

Days before the Time when such Notice shall be given, such Officer

Jhallhave demanded such Rates and Taxes from the Person subject to

F 3	pay

Hosted by Go< e

C. 21.

47° GEO. III. Seff. i.

Relief of Parties

ovcrchaigcd by Officer.

Officer neglecting to tranfinit Accounts shall be charged on Number of Carriages, &c. charger! in preceding Year, accordingto Rate of Duty in current Year.

Penalty on Officers making false Entries or granting false Receipts, See, 50Dl. and Irteapacity,

A.D. 1807.

pay the same, or from his or her Child or Servant above the Age of Sixteen Years, at the Place of Abode of the Person subject to pay the same.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That in case any Error shall be discovered in any Charge againll any Person liable to pay any of the Rates and Taxes aforeiaid, by a greater Amount of Duty being charged against such Person than ought to have been charged, it shall and may be lawful for fucli Person, within Twelve Calendar Months after the Error shall have been discovered, to make his Complaint before the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, who are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine such Complaint, and upon Proof thereof to relieve the Party so complaining of so much of such Rates and Taxes as shall appear to have been overcharged, and if such Rates and Taxes shall have been paid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to repay the same.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted, That in every Case where any Officer or Person appointed to collect the Rates, Duties, and Taxes aforesaid, shall not within Ten Days after Demand in Writing signed by any Commissioner of Inland Evcife and Taxes, served on such Officer or other Person, or left at his usual Place of Abode, whether he be then in Commission as an Excise Officer or not, return a full and distinct Account of his Collection of the said several Rates, Duties, and Taxes, specifying such as he may have omitted to collect (if any such there be) then and in such Case the Number of Fire Hearths, Windows, Carriages, Servants, Dogs, Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, 111 the Walk or Parish or Parishes, as the Case may be, wherein such Officer or other Person shall have been appointed to collect, shall for such Year for which he shall so fail to deliver such Account be deemed equal to the Number of Fire Hearths Windows, Carriages, Servants, Dogs, Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules charged in such Walk or Parish or Parishes for the Year next preceding, or any other of the Three last Years, at the Discretion of the said Commissioners ; and every such Officer or other Person shall be charged with such Sum as the Rates, Duties, andTaxes, payable in the Year for which such Account shall not have been returned would have amounted unto in respect of the Number of Fire Hearths, Windows, Carriages, Servants, Dogs, Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, respectively appearing to have been charged in such Walk, Parish or Pariihes, in such next or other preceding Year ; and such Officer or other Person shall be liable to and shall pay the same, and his Sureties shall be answerable therefore to the Extent of the Sum contained in the Bond or other Security which such Sureties shall have entered into.

XXX.	And be it further enacted, That if any Officer or Person appointed to charge, levy, or collect the said Rates, Duties, and Taxes, or any of them, shall, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, make any false or untrue Entry in the Ledgers or other Books, containing the Survey of his Walk ; or shall give or grant any false or untrue Receipt for the said Rates, Duties, and Taxes, or any of them, or fhallxnake any false or untrue Entry in the Duplicate or Duplicates of any such Receipt given or granted by him ; or if any such Officer or other Person shall knowingly permit or suffer the same to be done, every such Officer or Person so offending being thereof lawfully convicted, shall for each and every such Offence

forfeit

A.D. 1807.	47°	GEO.	ill.	SefT. i„	C. %i.

forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and be for ever in future rendered incapable of serving His Majefcy, His Heirs or SuccefTors, in any Office or Employment Civil or Military.

XXXI.	And be it further enabled, That it shall and maybe lawful for any Supervisor, Infpedtor, or Colledtor of the said Rates, Duties, and Taxes, or any of them, to require the Owner or Occupier of any House, or other Person chargeable with the said Rates, Duties, or Taxes, or any of them, to produce to such Supervisor, Infpedlor, or Collector, the last Receipt patted or given to such Owner or Occupier or other Person, by any Collector of such Rates, Duties, and Taxes, for and on Account of the said Rates, Duties, and Taxes, or such of them as such Owner, Occupier, or other Person was chargeable with, and liable to pay ; and if on Demand made by such Supervisor, In-fpedlor, or Colledtor, at the usual Place of Abode of such Owner, Occupier, or other Person, or from his Wife, or from his or her Child or Servant above the Age of Sixteen Years, such Receipt fnall not be produced and delivered to such Supervisor, Inspector, or Collector, to be retained by him for such Time as shall be sufficient to enable such Officer to take a Copy of the same, then it shall and may be lawful for such Supervisor, Inspector, or Collector and they are hereby respectively required to leave a Notice in Writing at the usual Place of Abode of such Owner, Occupier, or other Person, or with his Wife, or with his or her Child or Servant above the Age of Sixteen Years, setting forth that such Supervisor, Inspector, or Collector, will attend at such usual Place of Abode of such Owner, Occupier, or other Person, at a certain Day and Hour, to be specified in such Notice, and requiring him or her to produce or cause to be produced such Receipt to such Supervisor, Inspector, or Collector, at the Day and Hour, mentioned in such Notice ; and if such Owner or Occupier, or other Person shall not produce fitch Receipt to such Supervisor, Inspector, or Collector on his attending for that Purpose at the Time specified in such Notice, then such Owner, Occupier, or other Person shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds, unless he or she shall at such Time make Oath before such Supervisor, Colledlor, or Infp'e&or, which Oath such Officers are hereby respectively au-thorifed and required to administer, without Fee or Reward, that he or she used due Diligence to find or procure the said Receipt, and that he or she hath not been able to find or procure the same.

XXXII.	And, for the better ascertaining the Amount of any yearly Rents which may be paid by any Person occupying any Tenement or Dwelling House, not chargeable with any Duty in respect of Fire Hearths, or not chargeable with any Duty in respect of Windows, but chargeable according to the Amount of Rent which the same shall be worth by the Year, or which the Person occupying thereof shall pay for such Tenement or Dwelling House, or for the same together with any Outhoases, Garden, or Appurtenances, or for any Land occupied by such Person ; be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Officer or other Person authorized to colled! any of the Rates, Duties, or Taxes in this Add mentioned, from Time to Time to demand from the Occupier of any such Tenement or Dwelling House, an Account in Writing of the full Amount of the whole Rent paid by such Occupier for such Tenement or Dwelling House, and for any Out-houfes. Garden, and Appurtenances, and for any Land held by such Occupier; and in case such Officer or other Person so authorized

F j	fhall

09

Occupier* shall produce la It Receipts for-Rates to Officers,

Mode of ascertaining; Rent of Houses not liable to Hearth or Window Duty.

C.ai.-

5®

47° GEO. III> SefT. i.	A	D.1807.

Kccovcry and Application of Penalties.

74, t 5 C. 2.

c.S.

40 G.3. c. loo.

shall not be fatisiied with such Account, then it shall be lawful for such Officer or other Person to deliver a Notice at such Tenement or Dwelling-houfe to such Occupier, or to bis Wife, or to his or her Child or Servant above the Age 01 Sixteen Years, requiring such Occupier to produce and (new to such Officer, at a ay and Time to be named in Inch Notice, being not lei* than Six Days from the ate of such Notice, any and every JLease, Agreement, or other Inftru-ment, under which such Occupier shall hold such Tenement or Dwelling-house, or any Outhouses, Garden, or Appurtenances, or any Land occupied by such erfon, or to produce to such Officer the lafe Receipt or Receipts for the Rent payable by such Occupier for such .Tenement or Dwelling-house, and for iuch Out-houses, Garden, and Appurtenances, and for all such Land as shall be tenanted by such Occupier of such Tenement or Dwelling-house, so as to afeertain the full Amount of the whole yearly Rent or Rents paid by such Occupier according to which fuchTenement or Dwelling-houfe ought to be rated pursuant to Law ; and on the Production of any and every such Lease, A greement, or other Instrument, or of such Receipt or Receipts, such Officer shall charge such Tenement or Dwelling house accoiding to the total Amount of Rent or Rents payable by the Occupier thereof; and if any such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to produce ffich Lease, Agreement, Instrument, or Receipt, or to cause the iaspe to be produced and shewn to such Officer, such Occupier shal; forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, and it -{hall be lawful for fuel. Officer to charge such Tenement or Dwell- <■ ing-hotife as a Tenement or L wthmg-houfe having Seven WTindows or Lights therein, and to levy the Duty payable in respect thereof •accordingly.

XXX11I.	And be it further enacted, That all and every the Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures inffifted by this Aft, shall be paid and recovered in British Currency, and shall and may b'e sued for and recovered, levied and applied, in such Manner and Form, and by such AVays and Means, and with such Powers and Authorities as are ,prescribed, directed, and appointed, in and by an Aft of Parliament made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty Charles the Second, intituled. An Act for the settling the Excije or new hv.pcfc upon iJis Majesty, His Heirs and vc-cejfers, according to the Bock of Rata therein inferled; or in and by an Aft made in the Forty-ilxth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An A ft to provide for the better Execution of the federal Ads relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things under the Management of the Comrtnjjloners of Customs and Port Duties, end of toe Commissioners of Inland Excije and luxes in Ireland, or in and by any other Aft or Acts in force in Ireland relating to His Majesty’s Revenue of Excise, .as fully and effectually, to all Intents, Constructions, and Furposes, as if the same were particularly mentioned and e pressed and re-enafted in this Aft, with like f emedy -of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties who shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the Paid Acts or any Aft or Acts in force in Ireland relating to His Majesty’s Revenue of Excise is pruvidedi

Aft may be altered or repealed this Session. § 340

C-A R

A.D. 1807.

470 GEO. III. Self. 1.

C. 22.

7i

CAP. XXII.

An ACI to allow for Two Years, from and after the palling of this ACL, an additional Bounty on Double Refined Sugar, and to extend former Bounties on other Refined Sugar to * such as shall be pounded, crashed, or broken; and to allow for One Year certain Bounties on Btkijh Plantation Raw Sugar exported.	f	17th	March	1807.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to allow for a limited Time an additional Bounty on the Exportation from the United Kingdom to Foreign Parts of a certain Defcripdon of Refined Sugar called Double Refined Sugar, in Manner herein-after mentioned, and to extend the former Bounties on the Exportation of other De-fcriptions of Refined Sugar to such Refined Sugar, pounded,

* crashed, or broken, and in certain Packages, and to allow certain ‘ Bounties on British Plantation Raw Sugar exportedbe it therefore enabled, by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Additional Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho- Bounty of 10 s. rity of the same, That, from and after the palling of this ACf, and per Cwt. on during the Continuance in this Act mentioned, a Bounty of Ten Shil- Double Refined lings over and above what may be the Bounty allowable by Law in Great Britain and Ireland refpeCfively, upon the Exportation of refined Britajn orIreland Sugar in Loaf complete and Whole, and Lump duly refined, shall be (except to each allowed, and paid for each and every Hundred Weight of Refined other.)

Sugar called Double Refined Sugar, and so in Proportion for any

greater or less Quantity, which shall be exported from Great Britain

(except to Ireland), or which shall be exported from Ireland (except

to Great Britain), under the Rules, Regulations, and ReftriCtions

in this Act mentioned, (that is to say); Such Double Refined Sugar. Regulations to be

shall be in Loaves complete and whole, and shall have gone through observed for

the Operation of Two or more Clays since lad in the Pan, and fhall	thc

have been thoroughly dried in the Stove, and shall have been manu- °un

faCtured by a second Process of Refinement from single refined Sugar

in Loaves or Lumps duly refined according to Law; and upon the

Entry of such Sugar for Exportation as aforesaid, the Exporter shall

make Oath before the Collector or Comptroller, or other proper

Officer of the Customs at the Port of Exportation, that he will not

knowingly or intentionally export or attempt to export by virtue of

such Entry, any other Sugar than such Double Refined Sugar as

has been duly manufactured, according to the Directions of this

Act; and before any Debenture shall be made out for Payment of

the Bounty by this Act granted on Double Refined Sugar> the

following Oath shall be taken before one or other of the said Officers ^

(that is to say), if the Exporter be the Refiner also, he shall make Oath that the said Double Refined Sugar was in Loaves complete and whole, and had gone through the Operation of Two or more Clays since it was last in the Pan, and had been thoroughly dried in the Stove, and that the said Double Refined Sugar was manufactured by a Second Process of Refinement from Single Refined Sugar in Loaves or Lumps, duly and completely refined according to the true Intent and Meaning of the several Acts in force in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, for regulating the Bounties and Drawbacks

E 4	upon

Hosted by

C; 22«

47° GEO. III. Seflli.

A.D.1807,

Srandardj

provided by the Committee of Sugar Refiners in London,or

Merchants in Dublin.

upon Sugars exported and the Exportation of such Sugars, and that the said Single Refined Sugar was produced from Muscovado Sugar, which he verily believes was imported from His Majesty’s Plantations in America, or from Sugar imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and that the several Duties payable thereon had been duiy paid, and if the Refiner is not the Exporter, he fiiall in Addition to such Oath make Oath that he fold such Sugar to the Exporter.

II.	And be it further enacted, That before such Bounty fiiall be Samples of Sugar allowed or paid on such Exportation of such Double Refined Sugar, Bountyj shan be t^iere he provided by and at the Expence of the Committee of

Sugar Refiners in London, and in like Manner by and at the Expence of the Committee of Merchants in Dublin, Three Loaves of such Double Refined Sugar in London, and Three Loaves in Dublin, which, when approved by the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Customs in England and Ireland respectively, shall be deemed and taken to be Standard Samples of such Sugar, to entitle it to the Bounty ; one of which Loaves respectively fiiall be lodged with the said Committees respectively, one other with such Perion or Persons as the Com-miffioners of His Majesty’s Customs in England and Ireland respectively shall direct to take Charge of it, and one other with the Searchers of the Customs in London and Dublin respectively, or with such other proper Officer as the said Commissioners respectively shall direct, for the Purpose'of comparing Double Refined Sugar entered for Exportation, for the Bounty granted by this Act, with such Standard Sample; and frefii Standard Samples shall in like Manner be again furniffied by such Committees vefpedtively, and in like Manner lodged, whenever it may be deemed expedient by the said Commissioners of His Majesty’s Customs in England and Ireland respectively.

III.	And be it furthei enacted, That in case any Sugar which fiiall be entered, .in order to obtain the Bounty granted by this Adi on such Double Refined Sugar, fiiall, on Examination by the proper Officer or Officers, be found to be of a Quality not equal to such Standard Sample, or not to have been duly refined, according to the true Meaning of this Adi, all Sugar so entered fiiall be forfeited, and may be seized.

IV.	* And whereas, by the Laws now in force in Great Britain 4 and Ireland respectively, it is required, that Refined Sugar exported

*	for the Bounties fiiall be in Lumps or Loaves complete and whole;

4 and it is expedient that the said Bounties shall be continued to be

*	allowed and paid on the Exportation of the same from the Ports of ( London and Dublin, although such Lumps-or Loaves may be pound-( ed, crashed, or brokenbe it therefore further enacted. That on the due Exportation of Refined Sugar for the Bounties under those Laws, the same Bounties respectively fiiall be allowed and paid under the Provisions and.Regulations of those Adis, on such Lumps and Loaves as may be pounded, crashed, or broken, under the Regulations of this Adi, that is to say; such Sugar in Lumps or Loaves shall be lodged and deposited in such Warehouse or Warehouses as fiiall be approved for that Purpose, by the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Ireland respectively, at the foie Expence and Charge of the Exporters of such Sugar, and the said Commif-fioners reipedtively are hereby authorized and required to appoint a fit

and

Sugar entered pot equal to the Standard, shall be forfeited.

Bounties fhal! be allowed, although the Loaves of Sugar be pounded or broken, under the Regulations herein mentioned.

AJD* 1807.

470 GEO. III. Seff r.

C. 22,

and proper Person or Persons to attend at such Warehouses, and to inspect into every Sort or Description of such Sugar as the same shall from Time to Time be brought to such Warehouses, and also to inspect into the Packing thereof for Exportation, for the Purpose of ascertaining that all such Sugar so lodged and deposited, and so paeked, has been refined according to Law, and no Bounty shall be allowed or paid on such Lumps or Loaves pounded, cracted, or broken, unless the Process of reducing the same into a pounded, crashed, or broken State, shall be performed in such Warehouses, at the foie Expence-and Charge of the Exporters of such Sugar, and under such Inspection as aforesaid; nor shall any Bounty be allowed on any such Lumps or Loaves so pounded, crashed, or broken, unless the same diall be packed in the Presence of such inlpefting Officer or Officers, and the different Sorts and Descriptions of Refined Sugar so to be deposited and packed in Warehouses as aforesaid, diall be kept in Floors, Rooms, or Places, distinct, separate, and apart, from each other, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Re-itriftions, as diall be directed by the said Commifiiouers of the Cudoms, in order to prevent any Mixture thereof, whereby the Bounties granted by Law maybe improperly obtained ; and in case there shall be found in or upon any Floor, Room, or Place, any Sugar of a Sort or Description not authorized by the said Comniidioners respectively to be deposited in such Floor, Room, or Place, or which shall be deposited therein in any Manner not conformable to the Rules or Regulations directed to be observed by the said Commissioners, for the Security of the Revenue, all such Sugar shall be forfeited, and may be seized.

V.	And be it further enabled, That all Refined Sugar entered for Exportation under this Aft in a pounded, crashed, or broken State, and which shall have been pounded, crashed, or broken after the lame had been deposited in the Warehouses according to the Pro-vifions of this Aft, may be exported in Boxes, Chests, or other ©.her Packages, containing not less than Four hundredWeight nett cf such Sugar ; and all Candy exported, in order to obtain the Bounty allowed by Law, may be Dacked in Boxes or other Packages within the Hogsheads in which such Candy is required to be exported by the Laws in force in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, on and immediately before the pafiing of this Aft.

VI.	6 And whereas it may be expedient to extend the Benefit

*	granted by this Aft to the Ports of London and Dublin on the Ex-

*	portation of Refined Lump or Loaf Sugar, pounded, crashed, or i broken, or Sugar Candy, to other Ports in the United Kingdom, c at or near which Refineries of Sugar are or may be e(tablished,> be it therefore enacted. That whenever it shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being in Great Britain or Ireland re-fpeftively, that proper Refineries are established and carried 011 at or near to any Port of the United Kingdom to which it would be safe in their Judgment to extend the Benefit granted by this Aft to the Ports of London and Dublin, it shall and may be lawful forth? Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury for the Time being in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, £0 declare that the Regulations of this Aft shall be extended to

such

How Sugar in a broken Stare, and aifo Candy, shall be packed.

Treasury may extend the Benefits granted to the Ports of London and Dublin, on the Exportation of Refined Sugar, pounded or broKen, to any other Ports.

74

C. 22'

47® GEO- III. SefT.i.

A.D.1807.

Proof that the Sugar has undergone the proper Operatious of Refining, to lie on the Owner,

Bounty allowed on the Exporta-. tion of Raw £ ugar.

2. s. per Cwt.

when under

40s

when at 40 to 45, is, per Cwt.

Bounty on Raw Sugar payable as any other Bounty,

Bounties hereby allowed shall be payable as former Bounties, g

such Port, provided that no Bounty shall be paid or allowed upon Refined Sugar or Candy exported from any such Port, unless and until the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of His Ma-jefty’s Treasury for the Time being in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, shall have signified their Approbation thereof by Publication in the London or Dublin Gazette respectively, and from and after the Day mentioned in such Publication all and every the Pro-visions, Powers, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Regulations, Adis, Matters, and Things in this Adi contained or any Way relating to the Allowance of the Bounties on such Lump or Loaf Sugar, pounded, crashed, or broken, or on Sugar Candy in pursuance thereof, shall extend and be construed to extend to the Port or Ports named in such Order, in like Manner in every Respect, and as fully and amply to all Intents and Purposes as if such Port or Ports had been expressly named in this Adi.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute shall arise,

whether any Refined Sugar, upon which the Bounties granted by this or any other Adi or Adis of Parliament in force in Great Britain or Ireland, has undergone the several Operations of refining and drying, as directed by this or any other Adi or Adis of Parliament now in force or hereafter to be made, the Proof thereof shall lie on the Owner or Claimer of such Sugar, and not upon the Officer who shall seize or flop the same,	,

VIII.	c And whereas it is expedient to allow for a limited Time a * Bounty on the Exportation of Raw Sugar, the Produce of the Britijl)

*• Plantations, in the same State in which it was imported/ be it therefore further enacted, That whenever it shall appear by Notices in the 'London and Dublin Gazettes respectively, as required by Law, that the Average Prices of Brown orMufcovado Sugar, for the preceding Quarter of the Year, taken in Manner directed by Law in Great Britain, shall not have amounted to Forty Shillings for an Hundred Weight, exclusive of the Duties of Customs paid or payable thereon, on the Importation thereof, then and in every such Case there shall be paid and allowed a Bounty of Two Shillings for each and every Hundred Weight of such Sugar, the Produce of the British Plantations, exported from Great Britain (except to Ireland) or exported from Ireland (except to Great Britain) over and above all Sum and Sums of Money payable as Drawback on the Exportation of such Sugar respectively ; and if by such Notices as aforesaid it shall appear that the said Average Prices of Brown or Muscovado Sugar shall have been at or above the Price of Forty Shillings, and shall be under Forty-live Shillings for an Hundred Weight, then and in every such Case, there shall be paid and allowed a Bounty of One Shilling for each and every Hundred Weight of such Sugar so exported as aforesaid.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That the Bounties hereby granted upon such Raw Sugar, Hi all be paid in like Manner in every respect, and subject to and under, and according to the like Rules and Regulations, Reflridlions, Penalties, and Forfeitures (as far as the same are applicable and can be applied) as any Bounty is now paid and allowed by any Adi or Acts of Parliament in force in Great Britain and Ireland respectively.

X.	And be it further enacted, That the several Bounties granted by this Adi, shall be allowed and paid (except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act) in such and the like Manner, and under

and-

Hosted by

C. 22.

75

A,D. 1807.

47

7° GEO. III. Seff.i.

for Exportation -the same may be deposited in Warehouses.

tation thereof within iz Months.

and fubjebl to all and every the Conditions, Regulation?, Rules, Re-ftriblions, Seizures, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as any Bounties upon Refined Sugar were paid or allowed before the passing of this Abb

XI.	f And whereas it is expedient that further Encouragement On Entry of

*	fhould be given to the Refining of Sugar in this Kingdom, by allow-	Su&ar

c ing the Payment of the Bounty upon such Sugar, and upon Sugar'

*	Candy, being lodged and secured for Exportation, in Warehouses f under the Locks of the Crown and of the Proprietor or Proprietors ‘ of such Sugar/ be it therefore enabled, That upon the Entry of any Refined Sugar, or Candy, with the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, according to the Regulations of this Abl, the same may be lodged and deposited in such Warehouse or Warehouses in Great Britain or Ireland refpeblively, as ffiall from Time to Time be for that Purpose provided, at the Charge of such Proprietor or Proprietors, and the same ffiall be therein secured under and fubjebl to the Conditions, Regulations, and Reftribtions in this Abl contained.

XII.	end be it further enabled, That every such Warehouse ffiall Coeqyctand

be approved of by the Commissioners of the Customs in England, Bllls be Scotian , or Ire1 and refpeblively, and ffiall be under the Locks of the	^g^varc^

Crown, and the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Sugar or Candy ; hou(-ed anci and before any Sugar or Candy ffiall be received therein, the Proprietor p0nd thall be or Proprietors thereof ffiall duly enter the same with the proper given for Expor-Officer of the Customs, specifying in the Bill of Entry that the same is intended co be warehoused for Exportation under the Regulations of this Abl, and thereupon the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs shall grant to such Proprietor or Proprietors a proper Cocquet,

and such Proprietor or Proprietors shall make out Two proper Bills of such Entry for the warehoulmg thereof, and indorse upon such Cocquet ai.d Bills refpeblively in a fair, diftinbl, and legible Manner the Marks, Numbers, and Descriptions of the Packages, together with the Qu?ndty of the Sugar or Candy, and the Gross and Net Weight of each and every Package, and ffiall deliver such Cocquet and One of such Bills so indorsed to the proper Searcher or Searchers of the Customs, and the other of such Bills to the Warehoufe-keeper into whole Custody the said Sugar or Candy is intended to be delivered, who, upon the Receipt thereof, is to take charge of the same accordingly, and the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Sugar or Candy ffiall also give Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in double the Value of the Goods, which Bond the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs at the Port where such Sugar ffiall be so warehoused, are hereby authorized and required to take in His Majesty’s Name and to mis Majesty’s Use, and if upon the Examination of such Sugar or Candy by the proper Officers of the Customs at the Time of-the 1 eh very into the Warehouse, the same shall be found to be entitled to the Bounty granted by Law, that the said Sugar or Candy and every Part thereof ffiall within Twelve Months from the Time of Entry be duly Ihipped for Parts beyond the Seas, and exported according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Abb

XIII. And he it further.enabled. That upon the Delivery of the ©n Delivery offi Cocquet and Bills as aforesaid, the proper O dicers of the Customs ffiall	‘w

forthwith examine the said Sugar and Candy within the Warehouses ^ examined, * wherein the same is or are intended to be lecured ; and if the same shall and if entitled Be found to be duly entered and entitled to the Bounty claimed, a to Bounty, a debenture ffiall thereupon be issued, and the Proprietor or Proprie* Dcbenture

■	x	1	be illued

tors

accojdingly.

Hosted by

76

C.23.

47° GEO. Ill, Scff.i,

If on Exnmina-tion the Sugar is not found agreeable ro Entiy, &c. it shall be forfeited.

Regai n ions for the Removal of Sugar fiom Wai ehoufes for Exportation.

Account of Sugar cured ’n Warehouses fnaii bt kept.

5i_>2r-r ryported Pn 11 nor o-r.n ported.

A.D.I807.

tors shall be entitled to the like Bounty as may at the Time of the warehoufing such Sugar or Candy be due and payable upon the like Sort or Description of Sugar or Candy exported from Great Britain or Ireland, respectively, and the same shall be paid and allowed in like Manner in every respect, and subject to and under and according to the like Rules and Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures as far as the same are applicable (except where any Alteration is made by this Aft) as any Bounty upon such Sugar or Candy was heretofore paid or allowed upon Exportation by any Aft or Acts of Parliament in force in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, on and immediately before the palling of this Aft.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That if any Sugar or Candy so entered for the Bounty under the Regulations of this Aft shall, on Examination in the Warehouse or Warehouses, by the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, be found to be less in Quantity than ex-preffed in the Exporter’s Indorsement as aforesaid, or if the same shall be entered under a wrong Denomination, or shall not have been refined according to Law, or if such Sugar or Candy shall not be duly and truly exported according to the Condition of the Bond, the same shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Cuitoms.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That previous to any such Sugar or Candy being suffered to be removed from the Warehouses, in order to be shipped for Exportation, according to the Condition of the Bond, a further Entry shall be made with the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, and the Exporter or Exporters shall specify therein, that the Sugar or Candy has been warehoused under the Regulations of this Aft, and the Bounty received thereon, and shall also enter into such Securities, and comply with all other Regulations required by Law, in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, upon the Exportation of Refined Sugar or Candy ; and if such Sugar or Candy shall be found to agree with the Account taken at the First Examination, and if a Certificate of inch Securities having been duly entered into shall be produced to the Warehouse Keeper, the Sugar or Candy may be ihipped under the Care of the proper Officers, but if upon Examination by the Searchers, or other proper Officers, it shall appear that the Sugar or Candy is less in Quantity than when delivered into the Warehouse, and for which the Bounty has been paid, the Exporter or Exporters fhaH return the Amount of the Bounty upon the Quantity deficient, before the Goods shall be allowed to be shipped for Exportation.

XVL And be it further enacted, That a correct and particular Account of all Sugar and Candy lodged andfecUred in Warehouses under the Provisions of this Aft, shall be taken by' the Warehouse Keeper, and the same shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Furpose, in such Manner as the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Customs in England, Ireland, and Scotland respectively, shall think proper to direct.

XVII, And be it further enacted, That no Sugar or Candy exported from Warehouses in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, under the Provisions of this Aft, shall afterwards be imported to that Part of the United Kingdom from whence the same was so exported, nor shall be imported into or landed in any Part of the United Kingdom, for want of Sale, or on any other Account or Pretence whatever, on

Forfeiture

Hosted,

A.D.1807.

47° GEO.III. Seffii.

C.22-

Forfeiture of such Sugar or Candy, which may he seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That all Sugar West TnHfa

and Candy deposited for Exportation in any Warehouse belonging to	Company

the IVefl India Dock Company and the London Dock Company re	^Company

fpedlively, shall be deemed and taken to be under the joint Locks of	j	p.,i

the Commissioners of the Customs and the Proprietor 01 Proprietors of Warcnouie>. such Sugar and Candy

XIX.	And be it further erunfled, That all Sugar seized under any of Penalties and the Provisions of this A<51, and allPenalties and Forfeitures in this A<51 Forfeiture s, mentioned, may and shall be proceeded again It, sued for, prosecuted, condemned, distributed, recovered, and applied according to the Laws

now in force, relating to His Majesty’s Revenue of Customs in Great

Britain and Ireland refpeflively.

i( A <51 may be altered or repealed this Session. § 20.

XXI.	And be it further enabled. That so much of this Adi as Continuance of relates to the allowing of Bounty upon Double Refined Sugar shall Buu-nncs. continue in force for and during the Term of Two Years from and after the passing of this Adi ; and so much thereof as relates to the allowing of Bounty upon Raw Sugar shall continue in force for One Year from and after the passing of this Adi.

CAP. XXIII.

,.An Adi for repealing so much of an Adi, made in the Ninth Year of Her late Majesty Queen Anney as veils in The South Sea Company or Corporation, by the said Adi erected, the foie and exclulive Privilege of carrying on Trade and Traffic to and from any Part whatsoever of South America, or in the South Seas, which now are, or may at any Time hereafter be in the PolTeffion of His Majesty, His Heirs or Sue-, ceflors,	[17th	March	1807.]

*	\7E7HEREAS by an Adi, made and palled in the Ninth Year 6 VV of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An A El

i for making good Deficiencies and satisfying the Publick Debts, and ^ C> C' ‘

*	for ereEling a Corporation to carry on a Trade to the South Seas, and 6 for the Encouragement of the Fishery, and for Liberty, to trade in c unwrought Iron with the SubjeEis of Spain, and to repeal the AEts < for regifiei'ing Seamen, it is enacted, that the Corporation to be i eftablilhed by that Adi, called The South ^ea Company, and their 4 Succelfors, shall be entitled unto and veiled in the foie Trade and ‘ Traffic into, unto, and from all the Kingdoms, Lands, Countries,

‘ Territories, Illands, Cities, Towns, Ports, Harbours, Creeks, and

*	Places, of America, on the Eall Side thereof, from the River of c Aranoco to the Southernmoft Part of the Terra del Fit ego, and on ( the Well Side thereof, from the said Southernmoft Part of the ‘ said Terra del Fuegoy through the South Seas, to the Northernmost

*	Part of Americay and into, unto, and from all Countries, Illands, f and Places, within the said Limits, which were reputed to belong to

*	the Crown of Spain, or which should thereafter be found out or ‘ discovered within the said Limits, according to the Description and ‘ subject to the Exceptions and Limitations in the said A<51 men-‘ tioned 5 And whereas it is now become highly expedient, for the

‘ general

►

So much of the recited Act as vests in the South Sea Company the cxclulive Trade within certain Limits in America, repealed, from 17 Sept. 1S06, as to all Places under thelF.nglilh Dominion.

C. 23—24.	47° GEO. Ill, Seff.i. A.D. 1807*

c general Commerce of all His Majesty’s Subjects, and for the Encott-

*	ragement and Security thereof, that the said Company should not ‘ be deemed and taken to be entitled to the said foie Trade and 4 Traffic, whenever any of the Places within the Limits before men-

*	tioned and described ffiould be acquired by or come into the Pof-4 session or be under the Dominion or ProLedlion of His Majesty,

4 His Heirs or Succeflbrs be it therefore declared and enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty. by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Aft as veils or shall or may be deemed or taken to have veiled in the said South Sea Company or Corporation by the said herein-before mentioned Adi erected, the foie and exclusive Privilege of Trade and Traffic into, unto, and from all Cities, Towns, Fortrefies, Istands, Havens, Creeks, Lands, Territories, and Places whatsoever, which now are or shall or may at any Time hereafter be belonging to or in the Poifeffion or under the Dominion or Protedfion of His Majesty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, on the said Eail Side of America, from the River Aranoco to the Southernmoil Part of the Terra del Fuego, and on the said Weil Side of America, from the said Southernmoil Part of the Terra del Fuego, through the South Seas, to the Northernmofl Part of America ; and all Powers, Rights, and Privileges to the said South Sea Company or Corporation by the said Adi given and created for carrying on such Trade and Trafsick, and all Penalties and Forfeitures by the said Adi declared and enacted for securing the same, and for preventing His Majesty’s Subjects from carrying on Trade and Traffick contrary to tie Provisions of the said Adi, shall be and the same is and are hereby declared to be absolutely repealed, and shall be deemed and taken to have ceased and determined from and after the Seventeenth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fix, to all Intents, Conilrudlions, and Purposes whatsoever.

CAP. XXIV.

An Adi for allowing, until the Fir ft Day of Augiift One thoii-fand eight hundred and eight, the Importation of certain Fish from Newfoundland and the Coast of Labrador, and for granting a Bounty thereon.	[17th March 1807,.]

[See 46 G. 3. c. 103. to which this A cl is precisely similar, except in its Continuance.]

-9 g-3-

.68.

30 G. 3. c. 40.

CAP. XXV.

An Adi to allow Turkey Tobacco to be imported into-Great Britain, in small Packages.	[17th March 1807.]

c \A/HEREAS ^ an A 61 Pa^*ed in the Twenty-ninth Year ■< v V of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled. An A3 for 6 repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new

*	Duties in l eu thereof; and also by another Act passed in the Thir-« tieth Year of His said present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An 143 6 to explain and amend an A3 made- in the lajt Sffion of Parliament,

* intituled\ 4 An A3 for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Stuff, and

( for

6

Hosted by

79

A.D. i8d7.	47°GEO. III. Seff. i.	C.25.

*	for granting new Duties in lieu thereofno Tobacco whatever is al-c lowed to be imported or brought into Great Britain from Foreign

*	Parts, otherwise than in Hogshead, Cask, Chest, or Case, each of

*	which is to contain Four hundred and fifty Pounds Weight nett

*	of Tobacco, not packed in Bags or Packages within any fuck

*	Hogfhead, Cask, Chest, or Case, nor separated or divided within

*	any such Hogshead, Cask, Chest, or Case, in any Manner what-

*	ever: And whereas Tobacco of the Growth and Produ6lion of c the Territories or Dominions of the Ottoman or Turbifid Empire, is,

*	from its Nature and Quality, liable to much Deterioration in the 4 Colour, and otherwise to receive Injury, if packed in Bulk in the c Quantity directed by the said recited A6tsbe it therefore enabled by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Provifions-of Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho- £ecitec| A&s, so rity of the same, That from and after the palling of this A£t the said plc^cs Adis, so far as the same extend to prevent the Importation of To-, of Turkilh Tobacco of the Growth or Production of the Territories or Dominions bacco repealed, of the Ottoman or Turbifh Empire, packed in Bags or Packages within

any Hogshead, Cask, Chest, or Case or to the separating or dividing of Tobacco within any such Hogshead, Cask, Chest, or Case, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enabled, That Regulations as no such Tobacco shall be imported or brought into Great Britain 1° Packages and from the said Territories, unless the outward Package thereof shall be tiorTof Tifrkifo an Hogshead, Cask, Chest, or Case, and the Quantity of Tobacco Tobacco into packed therein shall be of the Weight of Four hundred and fifty Greas Briuin* Pounds nett at the least ; nor unless the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel importing such Tobacco, shall have on board a Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents in Writing, made out and signed by such Master or other Person on or before the clearing of such Ship or Vessel, at all, each, and every of the Ports and Places within the said Territories or Dominions where such Tobacco shall be laden on board, contain*	-

ing the Name or Names of the respective Ports or Places where the Tobacco shall have been laden on board, the Names of the Ship or Vessel, together with the Christian and Surname of the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel and the Port or Place to which such Ship or Vessel belongs, and also the Tonnage of such Ship or Vessel, according to the Certificate of Registry thereof; and which Manifest shall also contain a true Account of all the Tobacco so laden on board such,

Ship or Vessel, with the Number of Hogsheads, Calks, Chests, and Cases respectively, and the Marks and Numbers fet thereon, and the Number of Pareels, or Bundles of Tobacco contained in each and every such Hogshead, Cask, Chest, or Case, and also the nett Weight of the Tobacco contained therein ; and such Weight of the Tobacco*, and also the Tare of the Package, shall be distinctly and legibly marked on every such Hogshead, Cask, Chest, or Case; upon which said Manifest or Manifests, or Content or Contents in Writing, there shall be indorsed the Oath of the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, testifying the Truth thereof, and sworn to by such Master or other Person on or before the clearing of the Ship, before the Brttifh Coriful, if there shall

be^

8o

C. 25-26.

470 GEO. III. SeflT.i.

Tobacco m.-,y ]>e m u>e Site k g % m winch imuojtcd.

46 G. 3. c. 74. by which Frufiian Yarn imported in Foreign Vvilcls, under

43 G. 3* c. 1^3. v-as fubjcdVcd" to {he same Duties as if imported in British VelTels, extended to Get man Yarn made of Flax.

Bond* for Duty on German Yarn vacated.

A. D. 1807.

be any British Consul then resident at or near the Port or PJace where such Tobacco shall be so laden on board, or before same Magistrate or other public Officer reiiding at or near such Port or Place, if there be not any British Consul resident there ; which Manifest, and none other, shall be required for such Tobacco imported from the Dominions and Territories aforesaid ; any Law, Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

111. And be it further enacted, That all Tobacco imported under the Provisions ot this Aft may be exported in the like Quantities and Packages in which the same is allowed to be imported by virtue of this Aft, under and subject nevertheiefs to the like Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures to which any Tobacco is now or hereafter may be subject and liable on Exportation.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for extending to German Yarn the Provisions of an Aft made in the lash Session of the lad Parliament for permitting Prussian Yarn to be imported in Foreign Ships on Payment of the like Duties as if imported in British Ships.

[17th March 1807.]

4 TI7 HE REAS by an A ft passed in the lad Session of Parliament, 1 r V intituled, An Act for permitting Prussian Tarn to be imported 4 in Foreign Ships on Payment of the like Duties, as if imported in British 4 Ships, it was enacted, that all prussian Yarn imported into the United

*	Kingdom since the Fourth Day of April One thousand eight hun-( dred and fix, or which should be imported after the palling of that 4 A ft, in any Foreign Ship or Vessel under and by virtue of an Aft 4 paded in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, 4 intituled, An Art to permit, during the Continuance of Hof Hides, and 4 until Six Months after the Ratif cation of a Definitive Treaty of 4 Peace, the Importation into Great Britain and Ireland in neutral 4 Vessels, from I fates in Amity with His Majfiy, of certain Goods, 4 Wares, and Merchandise ; and to empower His Majesty, by Order in 4 Council^ to prohibit the Exportation of Copper ; and to permit the Im-r porlation, in neutral Vessels, from States not in Amity with His Ma-

■4 fifty, of certuin Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, shall be subject and 4 liable to the same Duties of Customs, and to the same Rules, Regu-‘ lations, and Restrictions, and none other, that such Yarn would be

*	fubjeft and liable to, if imported in a Britiflj Ship or Vessel owned 4 and navigated according to Law ; and it is expedient that the Pro-4 viflons of the said Aft should be extended to German Yarn made of 4 Flax ;* be it therefore declared and enacted, by the King’s mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the said Aft and all the Provisions therein contained shall be extended and be construed to extend to German Yarn made of Flax, in every respect, and as fully and amply as if the same had been enumerated or de-feribed therein.

II. And be it further enacted. That, from and after the palling of this Aft, all Bonds to His Majesty from the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Corffiguees of any German

Y arn,

A.D, 1807.	47°GEO, III. SefT. 1.	C.27-	81

Yarn, for the Payment of the Difference between the High Duty on the said German . am, and the Low Duty chargeable thereon, shall, from and after the palling of this A<ft, be vacated and discharged, and no further Duty shall be demanded upon German Yarn, for which any such Bond may have been given to His Majesty.

CAP. XXVII.

An A£b for granting to His Majesty, until Twelve Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, certain additional Duties of Excise on Brandy in Great Britain.

[17th March 1807.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

4 VJU E, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subje&s the c ^■	Commons of the United Kingdom, of Great Britain and

( Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raifmg the Supplies to 4 defray the Expences of the just and neceftary War in which Your 4 Majesty is engaged, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give 4 and grant unto Your Majesty the several additional Rates and Duties 4 of Excise herein respectively mentioned ; and do therefore most 4 humbly beseech Your. Majesty that it may be ena&edand be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be raised, levied, and collected and Additional paid, to and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Suceeffors, Du>s specified upon the Merchandize and Commodities mentioned and described in	...

in the Schedule marked (A) hereunto annexed, the several Sums	*a 1 'e

of Money and.additional Duties of Excise as they are respectively in-ferted, described and fet forth in the said Schedule, over and above all Duties that have been paid, or that shall have been cr may be granted, laid, or imposed by any Act or A6ls of Parliament thereon.

44 Duties shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of 44 Excise in England -&nd Scotland § 2.—Duties shall be levied and recovered as former Duties of Excise. § 3.—Additional Duties * 44 shall be payable on Foreign • Brandy, &c. the Duties on which 44 shall not have been paid before Feb. 19, 1807, or which shall then,

44 or afterwards remain in Warehouse. § 4.

V. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this A£t contained Duty shall not shall impose or be construed to impose any Duty on Foreign Brandy, extend to Spirits, Aqua Vitae, or Strong Waters on the Delivery thereof out ^are^»ou^d of any Warehouse, Storehouse, Vault, Cellar or other Place, in which to^r^hnd.^ the same shall have been lodged or deposited for Exportation to Ireland ; any Thing in this or any other A£t or A<fts of Parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

“ Duty shall not extend to Brandy, &c. imported before March i>

44 1807, and exported before July 5, 1807 : nor to Prize Brandy 44 fold before 19 Feb. '1807. § 6.

VII. And be it further enabled, That all the Monies arising by the Duties shall be said Duties (the neceftary Charges of railing and accounting for the Paid ,rt0 the same excepted) shall frost Time to Time be paid into the Receipt f of-His Majesty s Exchequer, distinctly and apart from all other Services of Branches of the Publick P^evenues; and that there shall be provided the Current 47 Geo. III.	G	and	Year,

Zz

C.27,iZ.	47®	GEO. III. Seff. i.	A.D. 1807.

and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer a Book or Books in which all the Monies arising from the said respective Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever ; and the said Monies so paid into the said Receipt shall from Time to Time'as the same shall be paid into the said Receipt, be ifTued and applied to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in this present Session of Parliament for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven, or shall be voted by the said Commons for the Service of any subsequent Year; and the Commiflionera of His Majesty’s Treasury new or for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, are and is hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

** Continuance of Aft as in Title. § 8.

' ' %

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

-----

Duty.

£ 177.

026

02$

Tor every Gallon of Single Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Vitae, or Strong Waters imported into Great Britain, other than Rum, Spirits, Aqua Vita, of the Produce of the Briti/h Colonies or Plantations in America, and other than itifh Spirits imported direftl} from Ireland

For every Gallon of Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Vita, or Strong Waters above Proof, imported into Great Britain, other than Rum, Spirits, or Aqua Vita, of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and other than Ivifti Spirits imported directly from Ireland.

For every Gallon of Brandy, Rum, Spirits, Aqua Vita, or Strong Waters, of whatever Degree of Strength the same may be., whether regularly imported or brought in as Prize, which shall be delivered for Exportation to any Port or Place, not being in Europe, from any Warehouse, Store-houie. Vault, Cellar or other Place under the Docks of the Officers of Customs or Excise, or either of them, save and ex cept Rum of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations in America ^regularly imported as Merchandize*. -	-	-	•

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act: for railing-the Sum of Fourteen Millions Two hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities.^ [17th March 1807.]

Every Contributor of iool. shall be entitled to a Principal of 4‘ 7°b in the r per Ceat. Confols, from 5th January ; 70I. in the ct 3 Per Cent. Reduced from 5th April\ and 10I. 123* in the 5 per

Cent.

A.E). 1807.	470	GEO.	ill. SefJt u	C 28,29*	83

“ Cents, from ^tli January 1807. § ti«-i)uties granted by 46 G. 3.

44 £.65. shall not be charged on the first Half Year’s Dividends.

“ § 8.—Treafury may remit to Ireland 5^.2,000,000, § 20. to be " provided for in Iretandi § 12. — Forging Receipts for Contribu-<c tions, Felony without Clergy, § 26.—Bank of England shall con-*

“ tinue a Corporation till the Annuities hereby granted shall cease.

#< § 27*

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain; and for suspending the Countervailing Duties and Bounties on Sugar when the Duties imposed by an Aft of the last Session of Parliament shall be suspended.

[23d March 1807.]

ic Recital of 43 G. ,3. c. 11.; 4^ G. 3. c. 93.; &46G. 3. c. 10.—• “ Drawbacks and Bounties in Schedule of Aft 45 G. 3. c. 93, shall tc be paid, § 1 —-If on 5th May, 5th September 1807, and 5th <f January 1808, the Average Prices of Brown or Muscovado Sugar <c shall not have exceeded for the- preceding Quarter 70s. per Cwt. “ the Drawback or Bounty in the Schedule to 49 G. 3. c, 93. cor-rf responding with the Frjee, shall be paid, &c. § 2.

III.	4 And Whereas by ?n Aft passed in the Forty,-fixtb Year of 4 the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An A51 for granting to 4 His Majesty during the present Wary and for Six Months after the Ex-

*	piration thereof by the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peacey ‘ additional Duties on certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandixe, im-4 ported into, and exported from, or brought or carried Goajlwife within ‘ Great Britain, the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commif-4 fioners of HisMajefty’s Treasury, or any Three or more of them,

*	are authorized to suspend the Payment of the additional Duties of , Customs on Sugar, granted by the said recited Aft, either in the

*	Whole, or in Part, whenever the Average Price of Sugar afeer-4 tained as directed by Law, shall be below the Prices mentioned in

*	the said Aft : And whereas it is expedient, that during the Period r of such Sufpension, the Countervailing Duties on refined Sugar 4' imported from Ireland into Great Britain, and the Equivalent 4 Drawback or Bounty on the Exportation to Ireland, of refined 4 Sugar of the Manufacture of Great Britain ; and also the additional 4 Bounty on the Exportation of refined Sugar from Great Britain,

4 other than to Ireland, imposed and allowed by the said lad recited 4 Aft, should in like Manner be fufpendedBe it therefore further, enacted. That Whenever the Lord High Treasurer, or the Lords Commilfioners of His Majesty’s Treasury for the Time being, shall exercise the Power veiled in them, and shall according to the Directions of the said Aft, suspend the Payment of the Whole, or. Part of the Duties on Sugar thereby imposed ; it shall be lawful for them, and they are hereby authorized and required in like Manner-, , and for the like Period to suspend eitherthe Whole of the additional.Countervailing Duties of Customs on refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Ireland\ imported from thence into Great Britainy and of the additional

. *	Or 2	Drawback

Whenever under 46 G. 3. c. 4*.

§,10. the Treasury shall

fufpend any Part of rhe Duties: on Raw Sugar, granted by that A£t ; they (halt also suspend a like Proportion' of 1 he Countervailing Dunes on Inlh Refined o . r »nr or.edp n d of tin-Hrawbicks and R.nrti-

Brttilh Refined Sugar eA^yi'iicL

^4	C.	3Qj3I-	470	GEO.	III.	Self.	i.	A.D-	1807*

Drawback or Bounty, on the Exportation to Ireland,- of refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Great Britain, and of the additional Bounty on the Exportation of refined Sugar from Great Britain, other than to Ireland, imposed and allowed by the said last recited Act; or such Part thereof respectively, as shall bear a just Proportion to the Amount of Duty so suspended.

Recited Act. of 43 G. 3. c. 11. continued to 15 — 25 March il 1808. § 4.

[See 4.6 G. 3. c. 10. and References there.—As to Ireland, See 47 G. 3.

cr. 19.]

CAP. XXX.

An A£t to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March [440,3.c.*ox.] One thousand eight hundred and ten, an Act of the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting the Exportation of Salt from the Port of Nassau in the island of JS/'ew Providence, the Port of Exuma and the Port of Crooked Island in the Bahama Isands, in Ships belonging to the Inhabitants of the United States of America, and coming in Ballad.	[23d March 1807.]

CAP. XXXI.

An A£fc to repeal Part of the Duty, on the Importation of unmanufactured Tobacco into Ireland. [23d March 1807.]

[5^47G. 3.	* \ ^7’HE REAS in consequence of the intended Increase of the

eSched. A. <■ V V Duty of Excise on Tobacco manufactured in Ireland, it is 0 ac o.j	( expedient to repeal Part of the Duty on the Importation of unma-

* nufactured Tobacco into Ireland I be it therefore enacted by the King’s mofl Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,.in tins present From March 25, Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from n* rv^* ^	an(^ a^ter Twenty-fifth Day of March One thouiand eight hundred

HV ‘m	and seven, the Sum of Two-pence for every Pound Weight, Part

of the Duty of Eight-pence for every Pound Weight of Tobacco imported into Ireland, or in His Majesty’s Stores or Warehouses in Ireland, /hall cease and determine and be no longer paid or payable ; and that, from and after the said Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, the Sum of Two-pence for every Pound Weight, Part of the Drawback of Eight-pence for every exported shall Pound Weight of unmanufactured Tobacco exported from Ireland) shall in like Manner cease and determine ; any Thing in any Act or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary in any wise notwithftandmg. Unmanufatfured II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all unmanufactured Tobacco having Tobacco which, on the said Twenty-fifth Day of March One thou-paid rhe Import fan(}	hundred and seven, or at any Time after, shall be in the

£UJhar ^only * ^an<^s auY Manufacturer of Tobacco in the original Package in vita an Excite which the same shall have been received by such Manufacturer, and Duty of Qd. on which the said Duty of Eight-pence for every Pound Weight on the Importation thereof shall have been duly paid and satisfied, shall be charged and chargeable only with the Excise Duty of Nine-pence for every Pound Weight thereof, according to the Duty due and

payalbe

i/aiy unu

Drawback on Tobacco

imported and

n

A.D.1807, AT GEO. III. Seff.i.	c. 32.

payable thereon by any or A&s in force immediately before the said Twenty-fifth Day of March ; any Thing in any Adi or Acts to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXII.

An Adi for puriifhing Mutiny and Desertion; and &r the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[23d March 1807.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping a Handing Army within the I nited Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Time of Peace* unless it be with the Consent of Parliament, is against Law: And whereas it is judged necessary by His Majesty, and this present Parliament, that a Body of Forces iftould be continued for the Safety of the United Kingdom, the Defence of the Poflef-fiorvs of His Majesty’s Crown, and the Preservation of the Balance of Power in Europe ; and that the whole Number of such Forces should consist of One hundred and thirteen thousand seven hundred ' and nineiy-five efiedtive Men ; And whereas during the late War in which His Majesty has been engaged, some Part of His Majesty’s Forces exceeding the Number aforesaid, has been employed in distant Parts beyond the Seas, which must render the Time when A such Forces may return Home uncertain, some of which are in-J tended to be broken, and others reduced as soon after such Arrival as conveniently may be : And whereas no Man can be forejudged of Life or Limb, or subjected in Time of Peace to any Kind of Punifh-. ment within this Realm, by Martial Law, or in any other Manner * than by the Judgement of his Peers, and according to the known 4 and established Laws of this Realm ; yet nevertheless it being re-4 quisite, for the retaining all the before mentioned Forces in their 4 Duty, that an ex ad! Diicipline be observed, and that Soldiers who 4 shall mutiny or stir up Sedition, or shall desert His Majesty’s Ser-4 vice, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy Punishment than 4 the usual Forms of the Law will allow be it herefore enabled by the King’s mo ft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the same. That if any Person who is or shall be commifiioned or in Pay as an .Officer# or who is or shall be lifted or in Pay as a Non-commiffioned Officer or Soldier, shall, at any Time during the Continuance of this -Acl, begin, excite, cause, or join in any Mutiny or Sedition in any Regiment, Troop or Company, either of Kis Majesty’s Land or .Marine Foroes, or shall not use his utmost Endeavours to suppress the Tame, or coming to the Knowledge .of any Mutiny, or intended Mutiny, shall not without Delay, give Information thereof to his Commanding Officer; or shall miibehave himfelfbefore the Enemy; or shall ihamefully abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post, ■or Guard committed to his Charge, or which he shall he commanded ±0 defend ; or fhal-l compel the Governor or Commanding Officer of any Garrison, Fortress, or Post, to deliver up to the Enemy, or to ^abandon the same ; or shall speak Words, or use any other Means to ■induce such Governor or Commanding Officer, or others, to mifbe-•fiave before tfie Enemy, or ihamefully to abandon or deliyer up any TJarrifon, Fortress, Poft? or Guard committed to their refpe£tive • _	G	3	Charge^

Number of Forces 113>79>-»

Every Officer or Private Man, during the Con« tinuance of this Ait, who (halt mutiny* pr abandon any Fortress, or induce others so to do, or be found deeping upon or desert his Post, or correfponu with Enemies or Rebels, or strike or difobev his Othcer, or defert* &c. shall suffer Death, &c,

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

86

Solders tnlifling 3n any other

V r»> j'.v’, nr. &c. 4<cmcdPefertejj

Deserters ibali enlfft in another Regiment, &c..may be punished bv a -Court-martial in firh Reginiei t;

Defrrtef may be

to Uiyf

ft# Lift, fry,

C.32-	470 GEO. III. SefT.i. A.D.1807.

Charge, or which he or they shall be commanded to defend ; or shall leave his Poll before relieyed; or shall be found deeping on Jus Post ; or shall hold Correspondence with, or give Advice or Intelligence to any Rebel or Enemy of His Majesty, either by Letters, Mefsages, Signs, or Tokens in any Manner or Way whatsoever; or shall treat or enter into any Terms with such Rebel or Enemy, without His Majesty’s Licence, or Licence of the General, or Chief Commander ; or shall strike or use any Violence again!]: his superior Officer, being in the Execution of his Office, or shall disobey any lawful Command of his superior Officer ; or shall desert His,Majesty’s Service ; all and every Person and Persons so offending in any of the Matters before mentioned, whether such Qffepce shall be committed within this Realm, or in any other of Jlis Majesty’s Dominions, or in Foreign Parts, upon Land, or upon the-Sea, shall suffer Death ; or such other Punishment as by a Court-martial shall be ayvarded.

II. Provided, and if is hereby declared and enacted, That any Non-commiffioned Officer or Soldier, inlifted or in Pay in any Regiment, Troop, or Company, who shall, without having first obtained a regular Discharge therefrom, inlift himself in any other Regiment, Troop, or Company, shall be deemed to have deserted His Majesty’s Service, and shall in like Manner suffer Death, or such other Punilh* ment as by Jt Court-martial shall be awarded.

IIJ. * And Whereas Doubts have arisen whether Soldiers, who of

*	Right belong to another Corps in which they first inlisted, and 4 from which they have not obtained a Discharge, may be proceeded ‘ again ft and tried for deserting any Corps in which they may after* 4 wards have inlisted, or for any Crime committed by them yrhilft

*	ferving thereinbe it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person who is or shall be lifted or in Pay, as a Soldier, in any Regiment, Triop, or Company, in His Majesty’s Service, shall desert the same, or shall, while serving therein, commit any Offence against this A£t, or against the Rules or Articles of War, such Person shall be liable to be tried by a Court-martial, and punished in like Manner as if he had originally inlifted in, and of Right belonged to the same, notwithstanding it shall have been discovered or known that he had previously belonged to some other Regiment, Troop, or Company, and had not been discharged therefrom : Provided always, that if such Person shall he claimed by such other Regiment, Troop, or Company, and be proceeded against as a Deserter therefrom, his subsequent Desertion from any One or more Corps in which he may have unwarrantably injisted, may. (unleft h? shall already have been tried for the same) be given in Evidence as an Aggravation of his Crime ; previous Notice bring always given to such jpeferter of the or Ja$s intended tp be produced iq Evidence upon bis Trial.

IV. And be it further enacted and declared, That in the Case of ahy Non corpnfiffioned Officer or Soldier tried and cpnvi&ed of Desertion, when foe ver the Court-martial, which shall pass Sentence upon such Trial, shall not think the Offence deferying of capita) Punifii-jnent, such Coprt-martral may, mftead of awarding a corporal Punijfhment, adjudge the Offender, according tp the Nature or the Offence, if they shall think fjt, to be transported as a fe)pn for Life, by for a. certain Term of Years; and also, if such Court shall think fit, tp t>e, at the Expiration of fu$b Term pf Years at the Qifpofal of

His

Hosted by

A.D. 1807.	. 470 GEO. III. Seff! t.	e.32.	$?-

His Majesty for Service as a Soldier in any of His MajeftyTs Forces at Home or Abroad, for Life or otherwise, as His Majesty shall think lit, and, as stich Soldier, to be subject to any Law or Articles of War for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion r And if such Non-cortimiffioned Officer or Soldier, having Wen adjudged to be transported as a Felon, shall afterwards (without I^ave from His Majesty, or from the Governor or Commanding Officer of the Place to which he shall have been tranfported) return into or be found at £turn'n£ large without Leave as aforesaid, or other lawful Cause, within any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, before the D«alh. Expiration of the Term limited by such Sentence, and shall be con-'vi&ed thereof in the ordinary Course of Law, every such Person shall bedeemed and adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit ®f Clergy.

V.	Provided, and be it enabled, That in all Cases wherein a H« Majesty, ■capital Punishment shall have been awarded by a Court-martial, it whcie Court** shall be lawful for his Majesty, instead of causing such Sentence ^YtalVunrth-* to be carried into Execution, to order the Offender to be tranf- ment, may ported as a Felon for Life, or for a certain Term of Years, as to urdtr Offender* His Majesty shall seem meet; and if the Person so transported, in to be transported. pursuance of such Order from His Majesty, shall afterwards (without

Eeave from His Majesty, or from the Governor or Commanding Officer of the Place to, which he shall have been tranfported) return into or be found at large without Leave as aforesaid, or other lawful Cause, withiri' any Part of Great Britain or Ireland, before the Expiration of the Term limited by such Order, and shall be duly ■convifted thereof, he shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

VI.	And be it farther enabled, That it shall be lawful for any A Mark fhaH

Court martial, before wh eh any Non-comisuftioned Officer or Soldier, ,,e	#n

who shall have been tried for Desertion, and convicted thereof, (hall	x

be again tried and convicted of Desertion, to direct, if it shall so s comi think fit, ks addition to any other Punishment such Court may award

for any such fubfetjuent Desertion, that such Deserter be marked on the left Side, two Inches below the Arm-pit, with the Letter (D ) such Letter not to be less than Half an Inch long, and to be marked tapon the Skin with some Ink or Gunpowder, or other Preparation, so as to be vilible and coufpicuous, and not liable to be obliterated.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That whenever His Majesty shall Sentence of intend any Sentence of a Court-martial of Transportation to be Tranfportatten* carried into Execution, or shall be graciously pleased to extend His . ftialifoe Mercy, upon Condition of Transportation, to any Offender liable c^Luun^er in to the Puniibment of Death by the Sentence of a Court-martial, such Chief or Adju-Sentence, together with His Majesty’s Pleafune upon the same, shall unt General to be notified in Writing by the Commander in Chief for the Tim<? *ny

being of His Majesty’s Forces in Great Britain, or in the Abfenceof	King	*

the Commander in Chies, then by the Adjutant General for the (haPmakc an Time being, to any Justice oftfre King’s Bench, Common Pleas, or Order for Baron of the Exchequer of the Degree of the Coif, and thereupon 1 raniportatfon such Justice or Baron fiiall make an Order for the Transportation of **? M ‘i*ner such Offender, upon the Terms and for the Time which Shall be	^

fpecified in such Notification, and shall also make such other Order **	*	*

or Orders, and do all such other Acts cpnfequent upon the same, as any such Justice or Baron is authorized to make or d* by Aft

G 4	paffed

88

C.

470 GEO. III... SeflVi.

A.D. 1807.

Such ^Totification, &c. (hail be filed by the Clerk, ot the Cr-wwn;

Clerk of the Crown shall, on Application, deliver a Certificate of the Conudtior.j &c.

Escape of

paffed in the Twenty-fourth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An AH .for the ejfeHual Transportation of Felons and other Offenders, and to authorize the Removal of Prisoners in certain Cases, and for other Purposes therein mentioned> with Nrefpe& to Offenders in filch Act mentioned, tried at any Court of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery in England, as in the said Act mentioned ; and such Order and Orders so to be made as aforesaid, and all such Adis as shall be so done as aforesaid, shall be obeyed and done by lech Person in whose Custody such Offender shall at that Time be, and all other Persons whom it may concern, and shall be as effectual and have all the same Or nfequences as any Order made under the Authority of the said Atl with respect to any OfFender in the said Act mentioned; and every Sheriff, Gaoler, Keeper, Governor, or Superintendant whem it may concern, and all Conflables and other Persons, shall be bound to obey the aforesaid Older and Orders, be assistant in the Execution thereof, and be liable to the same Punishment for Difo-bedience or interrupting the Execution of the same, as they would be if the same had been made under the Authority of the aforesaid Act 5 and every Person so ordered to be transported as aforesaid, shall be subject respectively to all and every the Provision and Provisions made by Law, and now in force concerning Persons convicted of any Crime and sentenced to be transported, or receiving His Majesty’s Pardon on Condition of Transportation.

VIII., And-be it farther enacted, That the Justice or Baron who shall make any such Order as aforesaid, under any such Notification of His Majesty’s Pleasure as aforesaid, shall direct the said Notification, and his own Order made thereupon, to be filed in the Office of the Clerk of the Crown of His Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench, and to be there kept of Record ; and the said Clerk of the Crown shall receive Fee of Two {Shillings and Sixpence, and no more, for filing the same.

• IX. And be it farther enacted, That the said Clerk of the Crown of His Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench shall, upon the Application of any such Offender who shall be ordered by His Majesty'to Le transported as aforesaid, or of any other Person applying on his Behalf, or on the Application of any Person on Behalf of His Majesty, deliver a Certificate in Writing under His Hand, (not taking for the same more than Two Shillings and Sixpence), containing an Account of ihe- Christian Name and Surname of such Offender, of his Offence, ot the Place where the Court was held, before whom he was convicted, and of the Terms and Conditions on which His Majesty’s Order for such Offender’s Transportation was given; which Certificate shall be sufficient Proof of the Conviction and Sentence of such OfFender, and also of the Terms on which such Order for [his Transportation was given, in any Court, and in any Proceeding wherein it may be necessary to inquire into the same.

X. And be it further enadlqd, That if any Offender under Sen-

Offenders under tence of Death by a Court-martial as aforesaid, shall obtain His Ma-Sentence of Jessy’s conditional Pardon as aforesaid, all and every the Laws now Court maid 11 in force, touching the Escape of FelonsunderSenter.ee of Death, shall apply to such Offender, and to.all Persons aiding, abetting, or assisting in any Escape, or intended Escape of any such Offender, or* contriving any such Escape, from the Time when such Ordej fliall

Hosted by

A.D. 1S07.

470 GEO. III. Se(T. 1.

32-

89

be made by Tuch Justice or Baron, as aforesaid, and during all the several Proceedings which shall be had for the Purposes aforesaid.

XI.	And be it farther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That His Majesty may, from Time to Time, grant a Commiffionji under the Royal Sign Manual, for the holding of General Courts-martial within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in hike Manner as has been heretofore ufed'; and that Kis Majesty may likevvise, from Time to Time, by His Royal Commission, empower the Chief Governor or Governors of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called IrelarJ, the Governor of Gibraltar, and the Governor of any of His Majeixy’s Dominions beyond the Seas reipeftively, or the Person or Persons there commanding in Chief His Majesty’s Forces for the Time being, and may also from Time to Time extend His Royal Warrant to the Commander of the Forces in that Part of the said United Kingdom called Ireland, and to any General or other Officer having the Command of a Body of His Majesty’s Forces within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in any of His MajefcyL Dominions or elsewhere beyond the Seas, or to the General or other Officer commanding such Body of Forces for the Time being, empowering them respectively to appoint General Courts-martial, as well as to authorize any Officer under their respective Command, not below the Degree of a Field Officer, to convene General Courts-martial, as Occasion may require, for the Trial of Offences committed by any of the Forces under their several Command, whether the same shall have been so committed previous to or after such General Officer shall have takeif upon himself such Command ; all which Courts-martial shall be conllituted, and shall regulate their Proceedings according to the several Frovifions herein-after specified.

XII.	Provided always, and be it hereby declared and enabled, That no Officer or Soldier, being acquitted or convicted of any Offence, shall be liable to be tried a Second Time by the same or any other Court-martial for the same Offence, unless in the Case of an Appeal from a Regimental to a General Court-martial; and that no Sentence given by any Court-martial, and iigned by the Prelident thereof, shall be liable to be revised more than Once.

XIII.	Provided always, That nothing in this Aft contained shall extend, or be construed to exempt any Officer 01 Soldier whatsoever from being proceeded againll by the ordinary Course of Law.

XIV.	Provided alio, That if any Officer, Non-commiffion Officer, or Soldier, shall be accused of any Capital Crime, or of any Violence or Offence against the Person, Ellate, or Property of any of His Majesty’s Subjects which is punishable by the known Laws of the Land ; the Commanding Officer or Officers of every Regiment, Troop, Company, or Party, is and are hereby required to uie his utmost Endeavours to deliver over such accused Person to the Civil Magistrate ; and shall also be aiding and affillmg to the Officers of Justice in the seizing and apprehending such Offender, in order to bring l>im to Trial: And if any such Commanding Officer shall wilfully neglect gr refqfe, upon Application made to him Tor that Purpose, £0 deliver over any such accused Person to the Civil Magistrate,' or to be aiding or assisting to the Officers of Juffice in apprehending such Offenders ; every such Officer so offending, and being {jiereot convisted; upon any Informat^n or fndiftment in any of His

Majesty

The King may gianr Commif-fions for holding Co in 1?-martial, a hi to empower C.ief Governor of [ re land and foreign Governors and Generals to appoint such Courrs.

No Second Trial except in Cases of Appeal.

Not to exempt Soldiers from Proceedings at Law.

Persons accused of Capital Crimes, &c. shall be delivered over to the Civil Magi It rate, &C.

90

C.3*.

47° GEO. III. Seff. i.

AiD. 1807*

Military Pun'fh'

orient of Perton* tiU-d by the Civil Mdgift rate.

S.-ldier -convidl-ed lb'i1 1 U'.fcir his P-iy till his Return.

dumber nnH K ank. cf Officers on Gcnci al Coui la- mat tal.

Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or in any of His Majeftybi Courts in Scotland or in Dublin, shall be deemed and taken to be tffo fn80 cafniered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in His Majesty’s Service, and a Certificate thereof shall be transmitted to the Judge Advocate in London% if such Convi&ion shall be in Great Britain, or to the Judge Advocate in D .blin if such Conviction shall be in Ireland\

XV.	Provided alio, That no Ferfon or Persons being acquitted or convicted of any capital Crimes, Violences, or Offences, by the Civil Magifirate, shall be liable to be punished by a Court-martial for the same, otherwise than by cafhicring.

XVI.	Provided always, 3nd be it enacted, That no Officer or Soldier having been convicted in the ordinary Course of Law, of any criminal Offence, shall while under Confinement in confequettte thereof, be entitled to any Part of his Pay from the Day on which such Conviction shall have taken place, nor until the Day of his Return to the Regiment, Troop, or Company, to which he shall belong*

XVII.	And it is hereby further enabled and declared, That all General Courts-martial held under the Authority of this Act, shall coni!ft of Thirteen or Nine Commission Officers, as the Case may require ; except the same shall be holden in Africa, or in New South Wales, in which Places such General Courts-martial may consist of any Number not less than Five; of whom none shall be under the Degree of a Commission Officer ; nor shall the President of any General Court-martial be the Commander in Chies, nor Governor of the Garrison, where the Offender shall be tried, nor under the Degree of a Field Officer, unless where a Field Officer cannot be had; nor in any Case whatsoever under the Degree of a Captain.

General Crums- XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall martial may fen- be lawful for any General Court-martial to sentence any Non com-to	Lire	m^'10p-ed	Officer	or	Soldier	convidled of Desertion by such Court,

and F 1 fi-irurc c»f to ^erv^ce f°r Life-as a Soldier, or for any Term of Years, and in Iiu-reaie of Pay, such Country, or Place or Places Abroad, or otherwise, and in such or Pentium, See. Regiment or Regiments, or Corps, as His Majesty shall please to direct, beyond the Period for which such Non-cotnmiffioned Officer or Soldier shall have enlisted, and to a Forfeiture of all or any Part of the Benefit or Advantage as to Increase of Pay, or as to Pension or Difcnarge, which might otherwise have accrued to such Non-commiR oned Officer or Soldier from the Length or Nature of his Service.

XIX.	Provided always, alid be it further enabled. That no General Court-martial, consisting of any less Number than Thirteen Commif-ffioned Officers, unless holden in Africa or New South Wales, shall sentence any Non-commiffioned Officer or Soldier to Loss of Life or Limb, or Transportation.

XX.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That it shall bi lawful for any such General Courts-martial, by their Sentence or Judgement, to inffidf Corporal Punishment, not extending to Life or Limb, on any Soldier, for Immoralities, Mifhehayiour, or Neglect of Duty.

XXI.	And be it further enacted, That all General and other Courts-martial shall have Power and Authority, and are hereby required to administer an Oath to every Witness, in order to the £xa-minaiion or Trial of any of the Offences that fhdjl come before them*

XXIL Provided

Number of Couns-rn.-irn.il A) Sentences of X>ath, Sec.

Corpor^lPunifK-jTV.rjf ror Immoralities, he c.

Courts-martial may fw- ar Witnesses.

A.D. 1807.	470	GEO.	III.	SefT. i.	C.32.

XXII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Trials by General Courts-martial, to be held by virtue of this A£t, every Member assisting at such Trial, before any Proceedings be had thereupon, shall take the following Oaths upon the Holy Evangelists, before the Judge Advocate, or his Deputy, (who are hereby authorized to administer the same); th^t is to say;

‘ ttOU /hall well and truly try and determine,according to your

*	JL Evidence, in the Matter now before you.

So help you GODJ

*	T A, B. do swear, That I will duly administer Justice, according 4 * to the Rules ^nd Articles for the better Government of His

*	Majefty’s Foroes, and according to an A£l of Parliament now in 4 force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, and other 4 Crimes therein mentioned, without Partiality, Fayour, or Affec-r tion ; and if any Doubt shall arise, which is not explained by the ‘ said Articles or Act of Parliament, according to my Confidence,

*	the belt of my Underftandiag, and the Custom of War in the like 4 Cases; And I further swear, That 1 will not divulge the Sentence 4 of the Court until it shall be approved by His Majesty, or by some 4 Person duly authorized by him ; neither will I, upon any Account,

4 at any Time whatsoever. disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion 4 of any particular Member of the Court-martial, unlef s required to 4 give Evidence thereof as a Witness, by a Court of Justice, or a 4 Court-martial, in a due Qourfe of Law.

f So help me GODJ

And fp foqn as the said Oaths shall have been administered to the re-fpe&ive Members, the President of the Court is hereby authorized #nd required to administer to the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, an Oath in the following Words :

4 T A. j5. do swear, That I will not upon any Account, at any

*	X Time whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of

4 any particular Member of the Court-martial, unless required to 4 give Evidence thereof, as a Witness, by a Court of Justice or a Court-4 martial, in a due Course of Law.	So	help	me	GOD,’

And no Sentence of Death shall be given against any Offender in such Case by any General Court martial, unless Nine Officers present shall concur therein 5 (except such General Court-martial shall be holden in Africa, or in New South Wales ;) and in all Cases where a Court-martial shall conhft of more Officers than Thirteen, and also in Africa, and in New South Wales, when the same shall eonlift of a lesser JNum. her of Officers, then the Judgeme nt shall pass by the Concurrence of Two Thirds at the least of the Officers present; and no Pioceed-ing or Trial shall be had upon any Offence, but between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Morning and Three in the Afternoon, except in Cases which require an immediate Example : Provided also, fthat all Witnesses duly lutymoned by the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, shall, during their necessary Attendance in such Qpurts, and in going to, and returning from the same, be privileged from Arrest in like Manner as Witnesses attending any of His Majesty’i Courts of Law are privileged; and that if any such Wit-pefg shall be unduly arrested, he shall be discharged from such ^rreft by the Court out of’ which the Writ or Process issued by

which

91

Oaths of Members of General Courts-martial..

Oath of Jadge-arlvocate.

In Sentences of Death, what Number f

Givens lb all concur, hi.

Hours of Trial. W.ukiTcs anendingCourls-trurlial vilcg-edfiom Arrest.

9-

0 —

47° GEO. III. Seff.i.

A.D. 1807-

Witi:files not attending liable 'jo be attached.

Proceedings in Trials by Courts-martial other than General Courts martial.

Oaths of the Members oi ft ch Courts-martial.

which such Witness was arrested, or if the Court out of which the Writ or Process issued be not fitting, then by any Judge of the Court of King's Bench, in London or in Dublin, or Court of Sessions in Scotland, or Courts of Law in the West Indies, according as the Case shall require, upon its being made appear to such Court or Judge by Affidavit in a summary Way, that such Witness was arrested in going to or returning from, or attending upon such Court-martial; and that all WitnelTes so duly summoned as aforesaid, who shall not attend on such Courts, Thai! be liable to be attached in the Court of King’s Bench, in London or Dublin, or Court of Sessions in Scotland* or Courts of Law in the West Indies, respectively, upon Complaint made to the said Court of King’s Bench, or Court of Sessions in Scotland, or Courts of Law in the V/eJl Indies, in like Manrer as if fitch Witness had neglected to attend on a Trial in any criminal Pro-' ceeding in that Court.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enabled. That in all Trials by any Courts-martial, other than General Courts-martial, which shall be held by virtue of this Aft, or of any Articles of War eftabli filed by His Majesty in pursuance thereof, every Member affift-ing at such Trial, before any Proceedings be had thereupon, shall take the following Oaths upon the Ploly Evangelists, (which Oaths shall and may be administered by the President of the Court to the other Members thereof, and to the President by any Member, having first taken the said Oaths); that is to say ;

YOU shall well ana truly try and determine, according to your Evidence in the Matter ,now before you:

4 So help you GOD.’

Am B. do swear, That I will duly administer Justice, according to the Rules and Articles for the better Government of His * Majesty’s Foroes, and according to an Aft of Parliament now in 4 force, for the Puniffiment of Mutiny and Desertion, and other * Crimes therein mentioned, without Partiality, Fayour, or AfFeftion c and if any Doubt fnall a rife, which is not explained by the said 4 Articles, or Aft of Parliament, according to my Confidence, the 4 befl of my Underilanding, and the Custom of War in the like Cases.

4 So help me GOD.*

Appointment of And the President of every such Court-martial (not being under the Rank of a Captain) shall be appointed by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Detachment, or Brigade* or the Governor or Commander of the Garrison, Fort, Castle, or Barrack, direftjng such Court-martial.

XXIV. 4 AndWhereas.it may be expedient in certain Cases, and 4 particularly in such Matters wherein any of His Majesty’s Marine 4 Forces may be interallied, that Officers of the Marines fiiould be affiv 4 ciated with Officers .pf the Land Foroes, for the Purpose of holding 4 Courts martialbe it enacted .and declared, That when and as often as it may be necessary, it shall and may be lawful for Officers of the Land and Marine Forces to fit in Conjunction upon Courts-martial, and to proceed in the Trial of any Officer or Soldier of the Land Forces in like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes as if such Courts-martial were composed of Officers of the Land Forces only ; and the Officers of the Land and Marine Forces are in such Cases to take Rank, according to the .Seniority of their Commissions in either Service.

XXV, 4 And

FrtJiclcnt.

Officers of the I. a ltd aod Marine Forces may lit in Conjunction upon Couits®

- martial.

Hosted by

93

A.D. 1807.	470	GEO.	III. Seff. 1.	.0.	32.

. XXV. ‘ And Whereas it may also be. expedient, when any of € His Majesty’s Land Forces are employed in the East Indies, that c Officers in the Service of the United Company of Merchants of r England trading to the East Indies should, in certain Cases* be / associated with Officers of His Majesty’s Land Foroes, for the * Purpose of holding Courts-martialbe it enacted and declared, That when and as often as there may be Occasion, it shall and may be lawful for Officers of His Majesty’s Land Foroes, and of the Forces in the Service of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, to fit in Conjunction at Courts-martial, and to proceed in the Trial of any Officer or Soldier, in like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Courts-martial were composed of Officers of His Majesty’s Land Foroes, or of Officers in the Service of the said United Company only; with this-Diftindlion, that, upon the Trial of any Officer or Soldier of His Majesty’s Land Foroes, Regard shall be had to the Regulations and Provisions made by or in purfuanee of this Adi ; and the Oaths ad-miniftered to the several Members of the Court-martial shall be in the Terms by this Adi prescribed; and upon the Trial of any Officer or Soldier in the Service of the said Unitep Company, Regard shall be had to the Regulations and Provisions ma qo by or in purfuanee of an Adi pafied in the Twenty-feventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George, the Second, intituled, An Act for pumfing Mutiny and Desertion of Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies ; and for the Punifloment of Offences committed in the East Indies, or at- the If and of Saint Helena ; and the Oaths administered to the several Members of the Court-martial shall be in the Terms prescribed by the same Adi.

XXVI.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Party tried by any General Court-martial within Europe (except in the Garrison of Gibraltar), shall be entitled to a Copy of the Sentence and Proceedings of such Court-martial, upon Demand thereof made by him-self, or by any other Person or Persons on his Behalf (he or they paying reasonably for the same), at any Time not sooner than Three Months after such Sentence; and in case of Trials by any General Courts-martial at Gibraltar, at any Time not sooner than Six Months after the Sentence given by such Court-martial; and in the case of Trials by any General Court-martial in His Majesty’s other Dominions beyond the Seas, or in Foreign Parts, at any Time not sooner than Twelve Months after the Sentence given by such Court-martial, whether such Sentences be approved or not ; any Thing in this Adi to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII.	Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority afore -said, That every Judge Advocate, or Person officiating as such at any General Court-martial, do, and he is hereby required to transmit, with as much Expedition as the Opportunity of Time and Distance of Place can admit, the Original Proceedings and Sentence of such Court-martial to the Judge Advocate General in London ; unless such Court-martial /ball have been appointed in Ireland, in which Case they shall be transmitted to the Judge Advocate General for that Part of the United Kingdom, in Dublin ; and the said Original Proceedings and Sentences are to be carefully kept and preserved in their respective Offices, to the End that the Perfoas entitled thereto may

4	be

Officers of the King’s Forces ;,n4 Officers in the E.ift India Company’s Service, may fit in Conjunction ■'It Courts-maitial, &c.

27 G. z. e, 9.

Party tried entitled (-after certain Periods^ to a Copy of the Sentence and Proceedings of Courts-maitial.

Original proceedings, Sec. of Courts-martial shall he tranf-miticd to Judge Advocate General, in London or Dublin*

44

C.32.

47® GEO. III. SelT.i.

A.D.18'07.

Proceeding*, or Copies not liable tg Stamp Duties.

His Majesty empowei ed to m ke Articles of War;

be enabled, upon Application to such Offices respectively, to obtain Copies thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this

Aa.	;

XXVIII.	Provided also, and be it further enaaed and declared, That none of the Proceedings of any General or Regimental Court-martial, nor any Entry or Copy thereof, ii all be charged or chargeable with any Stamp Duty whatsoever; any Thing contained in any former Aa or A<fts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty to form, make, and establish Articles of War, for the better Government of His Majesty’s Forces ; which Articles shall be judicially taken Notice of by all Judges, and in all Courts whatsoever.

ami to conftimr<*,	XXX. And be it further enaaed by the Authority aforesaid, That

ami to authorize for bringing Offenders against such Articles of War to Justice, it shall convene0 Courts be lawful for Eis Majesty to erect and constitute Courts-martial, as nianial/	well as to grant His Royal Commissions or Warrants to the Persons

and in the Manner herein-before mentioned and e pressed for convening and authorizing others to convene Courts-martial; with Power to try, hear, and determine, any Crimes or Offences by such Articles of W’ar, and to inflict Penalties by Sentence or Judgement of the same, as well within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland ^ in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderneyy Sark, or Man, and the Idanda thereto belonging, as in His Majesty’s Garrison of Gibraltar, and in any of His Majesty’s Dominions beyond the Seas, orelfewhere beyond the Sea^.

XXXI. Provided always, That no Person ft all, by such Articles of War, be subjected to any Punishment extending to Life or Limb, Crimcs expressed within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, Jerfeyy to be so punifh- Guernfeyy Alderney, Sariy or Many or any of the Tiles thereto belong-able by this A£t. ing, for any Crime which is not expressed to be so punifkable by this Act 5 nor for such Crimes as are expressed to be so punishable, in any Manner, or under any Regulations, which shall not accord with the Provisions of this A6L Offenders	XXXII.	Provided	also,	and	be	it further enabled, That if any Of-

niav *b«	d^C **cer °r ^°^er Iball, *n any °f His Majesty’s Dominions beyond cthe

mny >e trie in geag or elsewhere beyond the Seas, commit any of the Offences triable by Courts-martial by virtue of this Act, and shall come or be brought into this Realm, or into Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, or the IHands thereto belonging, before he be tried by a Court-martial for such Offence ; such Officer or Soldier shall be tried and punished for the same, as if the said Offence had been committed within this Realm.

XXXIII.	‘ And Whereas it is of essential Importance, as well to € the due Observance of publick Economy as to the Discipline of His r Majesty’s Foroes, that they should be regularly mustered, and that 4 the Muftere should be taken with the strictest Accuracy and Ex-* a&nefs be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Musters shall be made, had, or taken, of every Regiment, Troop, or Company, in His Majesty’s Service, Twice at the least in every Year, at such Times as shall be appointed,

XXXIV.	And be it further ena<sted, That no Commissary shall muster any Regiment, Troop, or Company, within the City of lVe/l~ minjler, and Borough of Southyjarkt and Liberties thereof, but in the

Prefenc*

None to be adjudged of Life or Limb but for

the Realm.

Muftcn shall be made Twice a Year.

No muster in Wo-ftryinltcr,

&c. but in the Pftrfeiice offwc>

Hosted by

A«Di 1807*

47° GEO. III. SeC j.

C.32.

P5

Presence of Two or more Justices of the Peace, not being Officers of the Army, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds, and of being diffcharged from his Office ; unless such Justices, upon Forty-eight Hours Notice being given to Six of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, residing within the City and Liberties aforesaid respectively, shall neglect to attend such NJufter, and in case of such Neglect, such Commissary may proceed to muster such Regiment, Troop, or Company; provided that Oath be made before any of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, within Forty-eight Hours after such. Muster taken,- that such Notice was given to Six Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, which Justices so attending are hereby empowered to sign the said Muster Rolls, and to take Cognizance of such Muster and to examine the Truth thereof before,they sign the same.

XXXV.	And, for preventing of Fraud and Deceit in the muttering of Soldiers* be if further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person do make or give, or procure to be made or gNenr any fane or untrue Certificate, whereby to excuse any Soldier for his Ab-fence from any Muster or any other Service which he ought to attend or perform, upon Pretence of being employed on some other Duty of the Regiment, or of Sickness, being in Prison or on Furlough ; then every such Person so making, giving dr procuring, such Certificate, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and shall be forthwith cashiered and displaced from his Office, and shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any Military Office or Employment within this Realm, or in His Majesty’s Service, and nq Certificate shall excuse the Absence of any Soldier but for the Rea-fons above mentioned or One of them.

XXXVI.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Th^t every Officer that shall make any false or untrue Mutter of Man or Horse, and every Commissary, Mutter-matter, or other Officer, who shall wittingly or willingly allow or sign the Mufter-roll wherein such false Muster is contained, or any Duplicate thereof; and also every Commissary, Mufter-master, or other Officer, who shall directly or indirectly take, or cause to be taken, any Sum or Sums of Money, or any $ther Gratuity, on or for the mustering any Regiment, Troop, or Company, or on or for the signing of any Mufter-rolls, or any duplicate thereof, upon Proof thereof upon Oath made by Two $Vftneffe§ before a General Court-martial to be thereupon called

which feyeby authorized and required to administer such Oath), shall, for fu?f) Offence, be forthwith caffiiered and displaced from such his Office, and shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military (Jffice or Employment within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in His Majesty’s Service.

XXXVII.	An4 it is enacted. That if any Officer or Commissary shall muster any person by a wrong Name knowingly, upon Con-vidlion thereof, before a General Court martial, the said Officer or Commissary shall suffer such Penalties and in such Manner as is diredied and inflidied by this Adi upon those who shall make false Musters.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enacted by the Authority afore-said, That if any Person shall be falsely mustered, or offer himself falsely or deceitfully to be mustered, upon Proof thereof made upon Oath by Two Witnesses, before the next Juftioe of the Peace for the County where such Muster shall be made, and upon Certificate thereof in \Vritingy under the Hand of the Commissary of the Musters,

Justices, unless they neglect to attend, ike.

p.-na'ty on g-ivn{$ fa;ft; Certrticatrs" to excuse Sot did?* from Mufteib*-50I. &c..

Olncers making falle Musters, &c. Ih ill be calluered,

or mufter’‘.’g Per Cons by wrong Narwes*

Penalty on Person* ofteting to be falsely mustered, Imprisonment’

Horses f?.lfcly mu tiered, forfeited, &c. or 2oi.

to be levied by Distress, &c.

Mufter-rolh ov Haiff-yearSy 3»jMSSers9 Ten Miks dib&ant fr^rcs London filial be closed, vret-hira 24.H0.un? afterMuder, and renuiaed within 7 Days to C^mraiffary General.

Penalty £20.

Recital of Petition of Ri^f? 3 Car. 1. ; and A£t 31 Car, c. i« § 54*

C.33.	470	GEO.	III.	Seff.	i.	A.D.1807,

or Chief Magiitratc as aforesaid, made to such Justice of the Peace, the said Justice is hereby authorized and required to commit such Offender to the House of Correction; there to remain for the Space of Ten Days : And if any Person shall wittingly or willingly lend or fr.n.ifh any Horse to be muttered, which shall not truly belong to the Tiooper or Troop so in uttered, the said Plorfe so falsely muttered fbali be forfeited to the Informer, if the same doth'belong to the Perion lending or furnishing the said Horse ; or otherwise the Person lending or furnishing the said Plorfe shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, upon Oatlv made by Two Witnesses, before the next Justice of the Peace; which Twenty Pounds shall be levied, by‘Warrant under the I ‘ and and Seal of the said Justice, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person so offending, rendering tile Overplus (if any be: to the Owner: And in case such Offender shall not have fufftcient Goods and [’Chattels ■ whereon Distress may be made to the Value of the Penalty to be recovered against him, or shall not pay such Penalty within Four Days after such Conviction ; then, and in such Case, such Justice of the Peace shall and may, by Warrant under His Hand and Seal, either commit such Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of Three Months, or cause such Offender to be publickly whipped, at the Discretion of such Justice ; and the said Forfeiture shall be to such Person or Persons that shall give Information thereof; and the iaid informer or Informers, if belonging to the Service, shall have a Right to be discharged forthwith, if he or they shall demand the same.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That in Great Britain the Deputy or Deputies of the Commissary General shall upon every Half-yearly‘Mutter taken by him or them reipedtively of any Regiment, Troop, or Company, in Plis Majesty’s Service at any Place Ten Miles distant from London*, close the Mufter-rolls of the said Regiment, Troop, or Company, within Twenty-four Hours after such Mutter shall have been made; and shall return the Rolls so taken, by the Post or other safe Conveyance, within Seven Days after their being closed, to the Office of the Comrniffary General of Mutters, who shall, and he is hereby directed and required to transmit One Set of every of the said Rolls to the Secretary at War, One to the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Land Foroes, and One to the Comptroller of the Accounts of the Army, on or before the First Day of May^ and Twenty-ninth Day of September, respectively following such Half-yearly Mutter: And no Alterations or Xndorfements shall be made in or upon the said Mufter-rolls, other than in the Case of Orders of Leave or Dates of Commissions, and other than involuntary Errors or literal Mistakes in writing or tranf-cribing the said Mufter-rolls, upon Pain of forfeiting their' refpedrive Employments, and the Sum of Twenty Pounds to any Person that will sue tor the same, for every such Offence.

XL. 4 And Whereas by the Petition of Right, in the Third Year f	of	King Charles the First, it is	enadted	and declared, that the

4	People of the Land are not by the	Laws to	be burthened with the

4 Sojourning of Soldiers against their "Wills; and by a Clause in an 4 Acl of the British Parliament, made in the One-and-Thirtieth Year 4	of	the Reign of King Charles the	Second,	for granting a Supply

4	to	His Majesty of Two hundred	and fix	thousand four hundred

iixty-

Hosted by C	e

97

A.D. 1807.	470	GEO.	III.	Seff.	j.	C.32.

4 fixty-two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Three-pence, for paying

*	and diibanding the Foroes, it is declared and enacted, that no Offi-

*	cer, Civil or Military, nor other Perion whatsoever, ffiould from

*	thenceforth presume to place, quarter, or billet, any Soldier or Sol-

*	diers upon any Subject or Inhabitant of this Realm, of any Degree,

< Quality or Proh Hi on wbatioever, without his Consent; and that it *• ffiall and may be lav.aul ror any cubiedl. Sojourner, or Inhabitant, c to refnfe to quarter any Soldier or Soldiers, notwithstanding any

*	Demand or Warrant, or Billetting whatsoever: But forasmuch as at ■ this Time, and during the Continuance of this Act, there is and may 4 be Occafton for the marching and quartering of Regiments, Troops,

*	and Companies, in several Parts of the United K ngdom of Great

*	ntain and reland \ be it further enacted by the Authority afore-Lid, That, for and during the Continuance of this Adi, and no Conft-ibJes See longer, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Constables, Tith- in England shall ingmen, Headboroughs, and other Chief Officers and Magistrates quarter Officers of Cities, Towns, and Villages, and other Places within England, and Men in Inns, Wales, and the Town of Berwick - upon - Tweed, and, in their Default A^ehou^es/ &c* or Absence, for any One Justice of the Peace inhabiting in or near

any fiich City, Town, Village, or Place, and for no others ; and such Constables, and other Chief Magistrates as aforesaid, are hereby required to quarter and billet the Officers and Soldiers in His Majesty’s Service, in Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouses, Vidhialling-houses, and the Houses of Sellers of Wine, by Retail, to be drank in their own -ouses, or Places thereunto belonging; other than and except Taverns* except Persons who keep Taverns only, being Freemen of the Com- &c* pany of Vintners of the City of London, who were admitted to the Freedom before the Fifth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and fifty-seven, or who ftnee have or shall hereafter be admitted to their Freedom of the said Company in Right of Patrimony or Ap^ prenticeftiip, not with (landing such Persons who keep Taverns only have taken out Victualling Licences; and all Houses of Persons but in no felling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cyder, or Metheglin, by Retail, to Difiillers or be drank in Houses, other than and except the House or Houses of Shopkeepers any Difiiliers, who keep Houses or Places for distilling Brandy and !^ouferSjy Strong Waters, and the House of any Shopkeeper, whose principal Dealings shall be more in other Goods and Merchandizes than in Brandy and Strong Waters, (fo as such Distillers and Shopkeepers do not permit or fuller Tippling in his or their Houses,) and in no other, and in no private Houses whatsoever; nor ffiall any more Billets at any Time be ordered than there are effective Soldiers present to be quartered; all which Billets when made out by such Chief Magistrates or Constables, ffiall be delivered into the Hands of the Commanding Officer present: And if any Constable, Tythingman, or penalty on such like Officer or Magistrate, as aforesaid, ffiall presume to quarter Constables Scc» or billet any such Officer or Soldier in any such private House, with- quartering out the Consent of the Owner or Occupier, in such Case such So,diersRn Owner or Occupier ffiall have his or their Remedy at Law againffi ^vatC °U eS* such Magistrate or Officer, for the Damage that such Owner or Occupier ffiall sustain thereby: And if any Military Officer shall take officers upon him to quarter Soldiers other wile than is limited and allowed by quartering this A 61, or ffiall use or offer any Menace or Compullion to or upon Soldiers contrary any Mayors, Constables, or other Civil Officers before mentioned to ^}s Act,

47 Geo. III.	H	tending	nflu*wd*

9S

Person* aggrieved may com pi a in to any Just ice.

No Just ice

having -.my

Milita'-v Office in England lh,iII be concerned m bill- cri( g his Soldieis.

Constables, See. nw> biiltt iwowgua ds in ^Veftaunlter^, Ice.

C.32*	470 GEO. III. Seff.i*	A.D.1807.

tending- to deter and difeourage any of them from performing-any Part of their Duty hereby required or appointed ; such Military Officer shall for every such Offence, (being thereof convicted before any Two or more of die Just ices of the Peace of the County, by the Oath of Two credible WitnefTes)* be deemed and taken to be ipso facto calhiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any Military Employment within this Kingdom, or in His Majesty’s Service ; provided the said Ccmvidfion be affirmed at the next Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the said County, and a Certificate thereof be tranf-mitted to the Judge-Advocate, in London, who is hereby obliged to certify die same to the next Court-martial: And in case any Person fball find himself aggrieved, in that such Constable, Tythingman, or Headborough, Chief Officer or Magistrate, (luch Chief Offi cer or Magistrate not being a Jullice of the Peace), has quartered or bil-Ictted in his House a greater Number of Soldiers than he ought to bear in Proportion to his Neighbours, and shall complain thereof to One or more Jullice or Jullices of the Peace of the Division, City, or Liberty, where such Soldiers are quartered; or in case such Chief Officer or Magistrate Shall be a Jullice of the Peace, then on Com. plaint made to Two or more Juficices of the Peace of such Divi-fioii, City, or Liberty, such Justices respectively shall have, and have hereby Power to relieve such Person, by ordering such and so many of the Soldiers to be removed and quartered upon such other Person or Persons as the)'- shall fee Cauie ; and such other Person or Performs shall be obliged to receive such Soldiers accordingly.

XLL Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no. Jullice or Jullices of the Peace, having or executing any Military Office or Commission in that Part of Great Britain called England, fin a 11 and may, during the Continuance of this Act, directly or indirectly, be-concerned in the quartering, billetting, or appointing- any Quarters for any Soldier or Soldiers in the Regiment, Troop, or Company,,, under the immediate Command or Commands of such Jullice or Justices, according to the Disposition made for quartering of any Soldier, or Soldiers by virtue of this Act; but that all Warrants, Acts, Matters, or Things, executed or appointed by such Jullice or Justices of the Peace, for or concerning the same, Shall be void ; any Thing in thisACt contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLII. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever any Order shall issue for the quartering or billetting the Officers or Soldiers of His Majesty’s Regiments of Foot-guards, within the City and Liberties of Westminster, and Places adjacent, lying in the County of Middle]} x and in the County of Surrey, agd in the Borough of Southwark in the said County of Surreythe High Constables shall deliver out Precepts to the several Petty Con-stables, Headboroughs, or Tithingmen, of each Pan Hi, Ward, Hamlet, and DiftriCt, within their refpeCHve Divisions, to billet and quarter such Officers and Soldiers of His Majesty’s Regiments of Foot-guards on such Houses only as by this Act is limited within their refpeq-tive Parities, Hamlets, or DiftriCts; and such Petty Constables,. Headboroughs, and Tithingmen, shall, in pursuance thereof, billet and' quarter every such Officer and Soldier in such Houses so subjected thereto by this Act, equally and prorortionnbiy, according to the Number of such Officers and Soldier* so to.bebillcttcd and quartered,

and

99

A.B.1807,

470 GEO. III. Seff.i.

c.32.

and of the Houses so fobjected to receive them; and such Officers and Soldiers of the Foot-guards shall be quartered within the said City and Liberties of IVeJlminftcr and the Places adjacent, lying in the fai4 County of Middlssex, (except the City of London,) and in the said County of Surrey, and in the said Borough of Southwark in the said County of Surrey, in the same Manner, and under the same Regulations, as in other Parts of England, in all Cases for which particular Provision is not made by this Act.

XL1IL And, for the better preventing Abnfes in billetting and quartering such Officers and Soldiers in the said City and Liberties of Wejhninfter, and Parts adjacent, lying in the said County of Mid-dlesex, arid in the said County of Surrey, and in the said Borough of Southwark in the said County of Surrey, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Petty Con Rabies, Headboroughs, and T*ithingmen of their respective Parishee, Wards, Hamlets, and Dixlricls, within the same, shall, at every General Quarter Sessions of ‘the Peace to be holden for the said City and Liberties of Westminster, in the said County of Middle]}?;, and the said County of Surrey, and the said Borough of Southwark in the said County of Surrey refpedl-ively, make and deliver to the Justices then in open Sessions assembled, upon Oath (which Oath they the faid-Juftices are hereby authorized and required to adminiftcr) true Lifts signed by them respectively, of all such Houses, together with the Number of all such Per so ns refpedfively inhabiting the same, within his or their Pariffi, Ward, Hamlet, or District rcfpt ciively, as are subject and liable by this A£t to receive such Officers and Soldiers, together with the Names and Rank of all Inch Officers and Soldiers as are quartered and billetted in each House refpeiiivcly ; and such Lifts shall remain with the Clerks of the Peace of the said City and Liberties of IVtJhnlnfier, the said County of Middkfcx, the said County of Surrey, and the fail Borough of Southwark in the said County of Sumy refpe-lively, to the Intent that all and every Perion and Persons may be at Liberty to inspect the same without any Fee or Reward; and such Clerk shall forthwith, from Time to Time, make and deliver to every or any Per-fon or Persons who shall require the same, true Copies of all and every or any such Lifts, upon being paid Two-pence a Sheet for each and every such Copy so taken, each Sheet to be computed at and contain One hundred and fifty Words : And if Default or Neglect ftiall be made by any Petty Constable, Headborough, or Tithingman, of any such Paristi, Ward, Hamlet, or District in the delivering such Lifts to the Justices at their Quarter Sefiions as aforesaid; or if he or they shall so deliver, or caui'e to be delivered in, any false or deL£rive Lift, not including and Ipecifying therein all and every such House and Houses so liable by this A<ft to receive such Officers and Soldiers, or the Names and Rank of all such Officers and Soldiers as a e quartered and billetted in each House respectively ; such Petty Constable, Headborough, and Tithingman, or any of them so offending therein, shall, for each such Offence, forfeit each the Sum of Five Pounds, totheUfeof the Poor of such reipecrive. Parishes, Wards, Hamlets, and Dillri&s; to be levied by Diitrefs and Sale-of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of One or more of His Majesty’s Just ice or Justices of the Peace for the said City and Liberties of Wejlmnjler, for the said County of Middlesex, and for the said County of Surrey,

H 2>	and

OonftnMes, &c. in Westminster, &c. shall deliver Lifts on Oarh at Quarter Sessions fcf Inhabitants, •, and of Soldiers , quartered in their respective Divisions.

Lifts shall remain with Clerk, of the Peace, and be infpedted without Fee, and Copies' given.

Penalty on Default in delivering Lifts, &c. <=£5.

Leviable by DUtrcfs, fcc.

Hosted by

Quartering of OfBceis, Men, and Horses, belonging to the Horse or Dragoons, &c.

Dragoons, &c.

quartered .Mi i'si Ions »vho have no Stables, maybe n moved to those who have Stable,Sec,

and fertile said Borough of Southwark in the fa hi County of Surrey refpedhvely (which Warrant or Warrants the said Jullice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to make and Hue) ; and for Want of sufficient Distress to be found for that Purpose, the said* Jullice or Just ices is and are hereby empowered and required, by Warrant or Warrants, under his or their Hands and Seals, to com-mit the Person or Persons so offending to the common Gaol of the said City of JVejhrdrfter9 the said County of Middlcf x, the said County of Surrey y or the said Borough of Southwark in the said County of Surrey, thereto remain for any Time to be limited by iuch Just ice or Justices, not exceeding Three Months nor left than One Month, without Bail or Main prize.

XL TV. And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officers, Men, and Horses, belonging to His Majesty’s Horse or Dragoons, and alto all Bat and Baggage Horses belonging to any of His MaieftyV. other Foroes, and alto the Horses belonging to Stall* and Field Officers in His Majesty’s Forces when upon actual Service,’ not exceeding for each Officer the Number for which Forage is or' 11)all be allowed by His Majesty’s Regulations, /ball and may be 'quartered and bdletted in the Inns, Livery »Stables, Alehout.es,. Victualling Houses, and other Houles in which Officers and Soldiers are by this allowed to be quartered and bilietted, and that they shall be received and furnished by the Owners or Occupiers of such Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouies, Vi&ualling Houles, and other Houses in which they are so allowed to be quartered and bilietted, with Diet and Small Beer, and with Stables, and Hay and Straw for iuch Horses, paying- and allowing for the same the feveval Rates herein-after mentioned, to be payable out of the Subfiftence-Money for Diet and Small Beer, and Hay and Straw f. r such Horses.

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any of His Majesty’s Horse or Dragoons, or any other Horses as aforesaid, shall be quartered or bilietted upon the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of any Alehouse, Victualling Ho life, or other House in which Officers or Soldiers may be quartered by virtue of this A <51, who have no Stables ; then, and in such Case, and upon Complaint made by the Person or Persons having no Stable?, to Two or more Justices of the Peace of the Divifioi*, City, or. Liberty, where such Horse or Dragoons, or other Horses, shall be so quartered and bilietted, and upon his or their making such Allowance in lieu of his or their quartering such Horse or Dragoons, or other Horses, as such Justices shall think reasonable, it shall and may be lawful for such Justices to order the Men and cheir Horses, or such Horses only, as the Case may be, to be removed and quartered upon some other Person or Persons who by this Act are liable to have Officers and Soldiers quartered and bilietted upon them, who have Stables, and to order and fettle a proper Allowance to be made by the Person or Persons having no Stables in lieu of his or their quartering such Horse or Dragoons, or other Horses, so to be removed as-aforefaid ; and also to order and direct that such Allowance shall be paid by the Person or Persons from whom such Men and Horses shall be removed, to or amongst the Person or Persons to whom such Men and Horses shall be so removed as aforesaid, or be applied in the furnishing of Quarters for the Reception of iuch Men and Horses* as the Caie may require, and as such Justices iliail think fit.

XLVlVAnd

A.D.iS.07-

47° GEO.III. SdtW

C.32.

IOI

XLVI. ‘ And Whereas great Inconveniences have arisen, and may Dragoons, &c. ariic in such Places where Horie or Dragoons are or may be quartered am' ilicir Korfe«, & by the billetling of the Men and their Horses at different Houses, bc billetted

,	; , r	r	i	1	in the same

*	and often at great Durances from one another, contrary to the true jqoufcs#

*	Intent and Meaning of this Adi be it therefore enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Places where Horse or Dragoons shall be quartered or billet ted in pursuance of this Act, for the future, the Men and their Horses Tail be billet ted in one and the same House,

(except in case of Necessity) ; and that in no other Gale whatsoever there be less than One Man billet ted where there lhali be One or Two Horses, nor less than Two Men where there fir 11 be Four Hones, and so in Proportion for a greater Number ; and in such Case each Man lhali be billetted as near his Horse as possible.

XLV1I. 4 And Whereas some Doubts have a rife n, whether Com- Manner of f manding Officers of any Regiment, Troop, or Company, may ex- chan^n-.g Men change any Men or Horses quartered in any Town or Place, with a:Kl ^orfes*

*	another Man or Horse quartered in the same Place, for the Benefit

*	of the Service be it declared and enacted by the .Authority aforesaid, That such Exchange as above mentioned may be made by such Commanding Officers respectively, provided the Number of Men or Horses do not exceed the Number at that Time billetted on such House or Houles; and the Constables, Tilhingmcn, Head boroughs, and other Chief Officers, and Magiifcratcs of the Cities, Towns, and Villages, or other' Places where any Regiment, Troop, or Company, shall be quartered, are hereby required:o billet inch Men and Horses so exchanged accordingly.

XL VIII. Provided always, and belt enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Officer shall take, or cause to be taken, or knowingly iuffer to be taken, any Money of any Pc don ior excelling the quartering of Officers or Soldiers, or any of them, in any House allowed by this Adc, every such Odicer shall be caffikred, and bo incapable of serving in any military Employment whatsoever,

XLIX. And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, penalty on That it any High Conitable, Con liable, Beadle, or other Officer, Constables, &c. or Peri on whaldoever, who, by virtue or colour of this Adi, Hi all quar- r;il"lns Money tc» ter or billet, or be employed in quartering or billetting any Officers	from

or Soldiers, Shall negledi or refuse to quarter or billet such Officers-or quartering ; Soldiers when thereunto required, in inch Manner as is by this Adi dire died, provided luffieient Notice be given before the Arrival of such Troops ; or shall receive, demand, contract or agree for any Sum or Sums of Money, or any Reward wh ado ever, for or on account of excuiing, or in order to excuie any Person or Persons whatsoever, from, quartering or receiving into his, her, or their House or Houses, any such Officer or Soldier ; or in case any Vi Tn a Her, or any other Person an(j on liable by this Act to have any Officer or Soldier billetted or quartered Vi&uallera • on him or her, shall refuse to receive or victual any such Officer or Sol- refuting to dier so quartered or billetted upon him or her as aforesaid; or fhall	Soldiers^

refufe to furnish or allow, according to the Directions of this Adi, thex Cl ** * t0 ^0,C* several Things herein-after respectively directed to be furnished or allowed to Non-commiffioned Officers or Soldiers so quartered or billetted on him or her, as aforesaid; or shall neglect or refuse to furnish good and sufficient Stables, together with good and sufficient Hay and Straw for each Horie so quartered or billetted on him or her as aforesaid, at the Rate herein after mentioned* and shall be thereof

H 3	“	convicted.

Onlcers taking Muncy to excuse from quartering, calhiercd.

T-02

C.32.

■470 GEO. III. 1.

A.D.1807*

convisted, before One or more Justice or J a dices of the Peace of the County, City, or Liberty, within which such Offence On all be committed, either by his own Canfefuon, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath the said Justice or Just ices is and are hereby empowered to administer) every such High

Any Just ice older CiMiftjbles to give an Account of the Number of Soldiers quartered, &c.

lings, (as the Paid Just ice or Justices before whom the Matter shall be heard, shall in his or their Discretion think lit) ; to be levied by Lift re is and Sale of the Goods of the Person offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of such Justice or justices before whom such Offender shall be convineed, or of One or 'more of them, to be directed to any other Con liable within the County, City, or Liberty, or to any of the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish where the Offender shall dwell ; which said Sum of Five Pounds, or the said Sum not exceedirg Five Pounds nor leis than Forty Shillings, when levied, shall be applied, in the First Place, in making such Satisfaction to any Soldier for the Expence he may have been put to by reason of his not being billetted or quartered as afore-said, as such Justice or Justices shall order and direct and the Remainder shall be paid to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish wherein the Offence shall be committed, or to some One of them, for the Use or the Poor of the said Parish.

L. And for the better preventing Ahufes in quartering or billet-tir.g the Soldiers in pursuance of this Act, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace within their relpeCc-ive Counties, Cities or Liberties, by Warrant or Order under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, at any Time or Times during the Continuance of this A£l, to require and command any High Constable Constable, Beadle, or other Officer who shall quarter or billet any Soldiers in pursuance of this Act, to give an Account in Writing unto the said Justice or Justices requiring the same, of the Number of Officers and Soldiers who shall be quartered or billetted by them, and alio the Names of the Housekeepers or Persons upon whom every such Officer or Soldier {ball be quartered or billetted, together with 3n Account of the Street or Place where every such Housekeeper dwells, and of the Signs (if any) belonging to their Houses ; to the End it may appear to the said Justice or Justices where such Officers and Soldiers are quartered or billetted, and that he or they may thereby be the better enabled to prevent or p mufti all Abuses in the quartering or billetting of them.

LI. Provided nevertheless, audit is hereby enacted, That the Officers and Soldiers so quartered and billetted as aforesaid, (hail be received and furniihed with Diet and Small Beer by the Owners of the Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouses, Vidlualling-houses, and other Houses in which they are allowed to be quartered and billetted by this Act ; paying and allowing for the same the ieveral Rates herein-after mentioned to be payable out of the Subsistence Money for Diet and Small Beer.

IT Innholders LIE Provided always, That in case any Innholder,, or other Person

funulh the Men on w}lom any Non-commiffion Officers or Private Men shall be quar-quartered on	'	;

them with Candles, Vinegar, and Saif, gratis, See. the Men (except when on a March, &c.) shall provide their own Victuals and Small Beer. [SV<? c. 54.]

ttred

Rates for Diet of Officers and Soldiers.

47 Geo. 3.

54-1

A.D. 1807.	47° GEO. III. Seif. 1.	C.32.	*©3

tered by virtue of' this Adt> (except on a March or employed in recruiting, and likewise except the Recruits by them railed, for the .Space of Seven Days at moil, for such Non commission Officers and Sold ers who are recruiting, and the Recruits by them railed), frail be desirous to furnilh inch Non-commiffiori Officers and Soldiers with.

“Candles, Vinegar, and	and	allow to iu.cn Non-con million

Officers or Soldiers the Use of Fire, and the ncceiia**y Uteri ids for ■dreffing and eating their Meat, and shall give Notice or inch his Desire to the Commanding Officer, and /hall, furnish and allow the same accordingly .; then and in iuch Case the Non-commduon Officers and Soldiers so quartered shall provide their own Victuals and Small Beer ; and the Officer to whom it belongs to receive, or that does actually receive, the Pay and Subfiitence of such Non-comrnilhon Officers and .'Soldiers, shall pay the several Sums herein alter mentioned to . be payable out of the Subfiitence money for Diet and Small Beer, to the Non-commi'ffion Officers and Soldiers as afore Li a, and not to the Innholder or other Person, on whom such Non-communon Officers and Soldiers are quartered; any Thing herein contained to the contrary ti o t vvi t lift an din g,

LIII. And that the Quarters both of Officers and Soldiers may Officers shall hereafter be duly paid and latisfied, and PI is Majesty’s Duties of {Q 'level's of Excise "better answered, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, $uUfiucnee-° That from and alter the Twenty-fourth Day ot March 0:.e thou- ,-oney in their sand eight hundred aad five a, every Officer to whom it belongs Hands, <*c. to receive, or that dies actually receive the Payor Subii llence-money, either for a whole Regiment, or particular Troops and Companies, or other wise, (hail immediately upon each Receipt of every particular Sum which shall from Time to i ime be paid, returned, or come to ffiis or their Hands, on Account of Pay or Subfifence, give public);

"Notice thereof to all Persons keeping Inns, or other Places where Officers or Soldiers ai*e quartered by virtue of this Act; and shall also appoint the said Innkeepers, and others, to repair to their Quarters, at such Times as they shall appoint for the Diilribution and Payment of the said Pay or Subfiilence-money to the Officers or 'Soldiers, w hich ilia’ll be within Four Days at the fart he It after the Receipt of the same as aforesaid ; and the said Innkeepers and others, shall then and there acquaint such Officer'or Officers with the Ac ->00imts or Debt; (if any shall be , between them and the Officers and Suldiers so quartered in their respective Xioufes ; which Accounts the said Officer or Officers is or are hereby required to accept of, ,and immediately pay the same,'before any Part of the said Pay or Subfi Hence be dillributed either to the Officers or Soldiers; Provided Rntes of ttie said Accounts exceed not, for a Commission Officer of Horse, Subfificnce shall being under the Degree of a Captain, for Inch Officer’s Diet and	paid to

'Small Beer, per Diem, Two Shillings ; nor for One Commission Officer	s o^dier V

of Dragoons, being under the Degree of a Captain, for such Officer’s Quartc-ri/

Diet and Small Beer, ter Diem, One Shilling; nor for One Commission [Sec c. 54.} ■Officer of Foot, under the Degree of a Captain, for such Officer’s Diet and Small Beer, per Diem, One Shilling ; nor for One Light Horse man’s Diet and Small Beer, per Diem, Seven-pence; nor for One Dragoon’s Diet and Small Beer, per Diem, Seven-pence ; nor for Cue Foot Soldier’s Diet and Small Beer, per Diem-, Five-pence ; nor -or each Horse which shall be quartered under the Authority of this Act.for Hay and Straw for such Horse,per Diem, Sixpence; And if

H 4	any.

io 4

C-32.

470 GEO. III. Seff. i.

A D 1807*

Penalty on Officers not giving Notice, and not latisfying Accounts.

OnNon-payinent of Quaiters, the Offi' cr Ihnil m:ik' up Accounts, Sec,

Soldiers Wives, See. shall not be quartered without Consent.

Penalty.

any Officer or Officers as aforesaid, shall not give Notice as aforesaid, and shall not immediately, upon producing such Account dated, satisfy, content, and pay the same, upon Complaint and Oath made thereof by any Two Witnestes, at the next Quarter Selfions for the County or City where such Quarters were, (which Oath the Justices of the Peace at. such Sessions are hereby authorized and required to administer) the Paymaster or Paymasters of His Majesty’s Guards and Garrisons, and Marines, are hereby required and authorized (upon Certificate of the said Justices before whom such Oath was made, of the Sum due upon such Accounts and the Persons to whom the same is owing), to pay and satisfy the said Sums out of the Arrears due to the said Officer or Officers, upon Penalty that such Paymaster or Paymasters shall forfeit their respective Place or Places of Paymaster or Paymasters, and be discharged from holding the same for the future : And in case there shall be no Arrears due to the said Officer or Officers, then the said Paymaster or Paymasters are hereby authorized and required to deduct the Sums he or they shall pay, puriuant to the Certificate of the said Justices, out of the next Pay or Sublift-ence-money of the Regiment to which such Officer or Officers shall belong ; and such Officer or Officers shall, for every such Offence, or for neglecting to give Notice of the Receipt of such Pay or Subfiftence-money as aforesaid, be deemed and taken, and are hereby declared ipso fatfo cashiered: And where it shall happen that the Sub-iiften< e-money due to any Officer or Soldier shall, by Occasion of any Accident, not be paid to such Officer or Soldier, or such Officer or Soldier shall neglect to pay the same, so that Quarters cannot be or are not paid as this Ad directs ; and where any Horse, Foot, or Dragoons, shall be upon their March, so that no Subsistence can then be remitted to them, to make Payment as this Act directs, or they shall neglect to pay the same ; in every such Case, it is hereby further enacted, That every such Officer shall, before his or their Departure out of his or their Quarters, where such Regiment, Troop, or Company, shall remain for any Time whatsoever, make up the Accounts as this A Cl direCls, with every Person with whom inch ' Regiment, Troop, or Company shall have quartered, and sign a Certificate thereof, and give the said Certificate, so by him signed, to the Party to whom such Money is due, with the Name of such Regiment, Troop, or Company, to which he or they shall belong ; to the End the said Certificate may be forthwith transmitted to the Paymaster of His Mffieftyffi Guards and Garrisons, or to the Paymaster of the Marines, who are hereby required immediately to make Payment thereof to the Person or Persons to whom such Money shall be due, to the End the same may be applied to such Regiment, Troop, or Company, respectively, under Pain as is before in this Ad dire fled for Non-pay-'merit of Quarters.

LIV. And be it enaCled by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Officer, Military or Civil, by this Ad authorized to quarter Soldiers in any Houses hereby appointed for that Purpose, shall at any Time during the Continuance of this Ad, quarter any of the Wives, Children, Men, or Maid Servants, of any Officer or Soldier, in any such Houses, against the Consent of the Owners; the Party offending, if an Officer of the Army, shall upon Complaint and Proof thereof made to the Commander in Chief of the Army, or Judge Advocate, be ipso Jafto cashiered; and if a Conftabte, Tythingman5 of other

Civil

A.D. 1807.

47

GEO. III. Seff. 1.

C.34.

xcs

laft Place of Settlement.

Civil Officer, he shall forfeit to the Party aggrieved Twenty Shillings, upon Complaint and Proof thereof made to the next Juihce of the Peace; to be levied by Warrant of such Juslice, by Dill refs and Sale of his Goods, rendering the Overplus to the Party, after deducting reasonable Charges in taking the lame.

LV. And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid. That	n^aving

it ffiall and may be lawful for any Two or more Ju dices ot the Peace children shall for the County, Town, or Place where any Non commission Officer w}ien quartered or Soldier ffiall be quartered, in that Part of Great Britain called in England,make England, in case such Non-commiffion Officer or Private Soldier have Oath before a either Wife or Child or Children, to cause such Non-commiffion	t!ieir

Officer or Soldier to be iumrncned be foie them, in the Town or Place where such Non-commiffion Officer or Soldier ffiall be quartered, in order to make Oa th of the Place of their lad legal Settlement, (which Oath the said duftices are hereby empowered to admi-nifter) ; and such Non-commiffion Officers and Private Soldiers as aforesaid are hereby directed to obey such Summons, and to make Oath accordingly ; and such Jultices are hereby required to give an attested Copy of such Afficiav t lo made before them to the Person making the lame, to be by hint delivered to his Commanding Officer, in order to be produced when required ; which atteiled Copy ffiall beat any Time admitted in Evidence, as to such la ft legal Settlement, before any of His Majesty’s Jultices of the Peace, or at any General or Quarter Session of the Peace : Provided always, that in case any Non-commiffion Officer or private Soldier ffiall be again summoned to	.	f

make Oath as aforesaid, then on such atteiled Copy of the Oath by him formerly taken being produced by him, or by any other her-Ion on his Behalf, such Non-commiffion Officer or Soldier ffiall not be obliged to take any other or further Oath with regard to his legal Settlement, but ffiall leave a Copy of such atteiled Copy of Examination, if required.

J Vl. And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That For th?providing so th; bett r and mo-e regular Provision of Carriages for His Majesty’s Ca-.fiages fo- e Forces in th ir Marches, or for their Arms, Clothes, or Accoutre:- Prices m,uc-■ g meats, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick - upon-Twee :, all 1(1	6ivf

Judices of the Peace, within their several Counties, Ridings, Divilims.

Shires, Liberties, and Precinas, being duly required tHereunto by an Older from His Majesty, or tm General of His Foroes, or the Mailer General or Lieutenant General of His Majesty*s Ordnance, or other Person duly authorized in that Behalf ffivL as often as iuch Order is brought and ffievvn unto One or more of them by thp Quartermaster, Adjutant, or other Officer or Non-commiffiioned Officer of the Regiment, Detachment, Troop, or Company, i'o ordered to march, issue out his or their Warrants to the Con (tables, or Petty Constables, of the Division, Riding, City, Liberty, Hundred, and Precindt, from, through, near, or to which such Regiment, Detachment, Troop, or Company, ffiall be ordered to march ; requiring them to make such Provision of Carriages, and Hories or Oxen, with able Men to drive the same, as is mentioned in the said Warrant, allowing them sufficient Time to do the same, that the neighbouring 'Pans may not always bear the Burthen ; and fpecifymg in the said War- Wdrrants. shall rants the Place or Places to which the said Carriages ffiall by virtue	the-Places

of such Order as aforesaid, be required to travel, which ffia.J not "	,K~

exceed the Lay’s March of the Troops, as prescribed in the Order

produced

o which the Cl riages shall Irani, See,

io6	Co 33.	470 GEO, III. Seff. i. A.D.	1807.

produced to the MagiFrate, nnlefs in case of p re fling Emergency or Necessity, and shall in no Case whatever exceed Twenty five Miles from the Place at which the March shall commence: And in case

Rates for Carriages,

Peunity on Officers forcing Waggons to travel more than M'giftratePs Warrant fpecihes.

sufficient Carnages cannot be provided within any such Liberty, Division, or PrecinCt, then the Justice or Justices of the Peace of the next adjoining County, Riding, or Division, shall upon such Order as aforesaid being brought or {hewn to One or more of them by any of the Officers aforesaid, iifue his or their Warrant to the Conflables or Petty Conflables of such next County, Riding, Liberty, Division, qr_ Precindl, for the Purposes aforesaid, to make up such Deficiency; And the aforesaid Offi cer or Officers who, by virtue of the aforesaid Warrant from the Justices of the Peace are to demand the Carriage or Carriages therein mentioned of the Constable or Petty Constable, to whom the Warrant is directed, is and are hereby required, at the same Time, to pay down in Hand to the said Constable or Petty Constable for the Use of the Person who shall provide such Carriages and Men, the Sum of One Shilling for every Mile airy Waggon with Five Horses fin all travel ; and the Sum of One Shilling r for every Mile any Wain with Six Oxen, or Four Oxen with Two' Horses shall travel ; and the Sum of Nine pence for every Mile an^r Cart with- Four Horses, or carrying not less than Fifteen Hundred Weight, shall travel ; and the Sum of Sixpence for every Mile every Cart or other Carriage, with less than Four Horses, and not carrying Fifteen Hundred Weight, {frail travel ; or any further Sum not exceeding Four-p-ence, for every Mile any Waggon with Five Horses, or any Wain with Six Oxen, or with Four Oxen and Two Horses, shall travel; and not exceeding Three-pence for every Mile any Cart •with Four Horses or carrying not less than Fifteen HundredWeight, shall travel; and not exceeding Two pence for every Mile any Cart or Carnage, with less than Four Horses and not carrying Fifteen Hundred Weight, shall travel; according as the lame shall be fixed and ordered by the Justices of the Peace for any County or DiftriCt assembled at any General Sessions of the Peace for such County or DiftriCl, the said Justices having regard to the Price of Hay and Oats at the Time of fixing such additional Rates ; for which respective Sums so received the said Constable or Petty Constable is hereby required to give a Receipt in Writing {which Receipt need not be ftasnped) to the Person or Persons paying the same : And such Con-Fable or Petty Constable shall order and appoint such Person or Persons, having Carriages within their respective Liberties, as they (halt think proper, to provide and furnish such Carriages and Men, according to the Warrant aforesaid, who are hereby required to provide and furnish the same accordingly : And if any Military Officer or Officers, for the Use ofwh-ofe Regiment, Detachment, Troop, or Company •the Carriage was provided, shall force and constrain any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, to travel beyond the Distance specified in •the Magillrate’s Warrant, or shall not discharge the same in due Time for their Return Home on the same Day. if it be practicable, or shall suffer any Soldier or Servant, (except such as are fick)^ or any Woman to ride in the Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage aforesaid; or shall force any Constable, or Petty Constable, by Threat-enings, or menacing Words, to provide Saddle Horses for them-felves or Servants, or shall force Horses from the Owners, by them-selyes, Servants, or Soldiers; every such Officer, for every Inch

•Offence^

Hosted by

io7

A.D.1807.	47°	GEQ, III. Self, i„	C..32.

Offence, shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds ; Proof thereof being made upon Oath before Two of His Majesty’s Just ices of the Peace of the same County or Riding, who are to certify the same to the Paymaster general, or other respective Paymaster of His Majesty’s Foroes, who is hereby required to pay the afore (aid Sum of Fire Pounds, according to the Order and Appointment under the Hands and Seals of the aforesaid Justices of the Peace of the same County or hiding, and is hereby empowered to deduct the same out of such Officer’s Pay : Provided always, that in Gales where the ‘ )ay*s March of the Troops shall exceed Fifteen Miles, such further Compensation shall be made and paid in like Manner to the Owners of tire laid Carriages as shall be deemed reasonable by the Magi Urate who granted the Warrant for impressing them, not exceeding the usual Rate and Id ire of such Carnages : Provided also. 'hat every Order of the Justices assembled at any General Sessions of the Peace fixing a further Sum to be paid for the Hire of Carriages as aforesaid, in Addition to he cultomary Rates of One Shilling, and Ninepence, and Sixpence / w Mi e respectively, shall specify the Period for which the same shall be m force, and which shall not in any case exceed Ten Days bey ond the General Sessions of the Peace for such County orDiflrict next eniuing the . ate of such Order ; and a Copy of every such Older signed by the Chairman or Preficling Magistrate, and One other Juilice of the Peace or Magistrate at the Quarter Sessions at which the same ffiall be made, shall, within Three Days .after the making thereof, be transmitted to the Secretary at War; and no such Order shall be valid or effectual, unless a Copy thereof be so signed and transmitted as aforesaid.

LVII. * And Whereas it may sometimes become necessary, in 4 Cases of Emergency, to provide proper and speedy Means for the 4 Carriage and Conveyance not only of the Arms, Cloaths, Accoutre-4 meats, Tents, Baggage, and other Equipage of and belonging to * His Majesty’s Forces in their Marches, but alio of the Officers, Sol-

4	diers. Servants, Women, Children, and other Perlons fof and f belonging to such Foroes: And Whereas it is expedient that Provi-

5	fion should be made for enforcing prompt Obedience to such Orders 4 as His Majesty may in such Cases think fit to issue in pursuance of 4 the Powers by Law veiled in Him for the Advancement of the f general Good and publick Welfare of the Realm be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it friall be lawful for His Majesty, by His Order, distinctly Rating that such Case of Emergency doth exist. signified by the Secretary at War for the Time being to any General or Field Officer commanding His Majesty’s Forces in any i iltrict or Place, or to the CommitTary General of Stores and Provisions at Home, to authorize such General or Field Officers or Com miliary General as aforesaid, by Writing under his Hand, reciting such Order of His Paid Majesty, to require all Justices of the Peace within their feveval Countier, Ridings, Divisions, Cities, Liberties, and Precincts in England, Wales, and Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, to issue his or their Warrant or Warrants for any of the Purposes herein-after mentioned ; and such Juilice or Justices shall, when and as often as such Requisition in Writing as iaft mentioned shall be brought and shewn unto any One or more of such Justices, by the Quarter-Mailer, Adjutant, or other Officer of the Regiment, Detachment, Troop, or Company, io ordered to be conveyed.

Further Compensation for Carriages, which cannot return on the same Day.

Tn Cases of Emergency f udices may be required to issue Warrants for providing Saddle Hotfcsand Four-wheeled C Triages let to Hire; and also VcfT-ls on Canals,

J nil ices shall in their Warrants fp.T 'fy the Difl.mce to be t ravelled.

C.33.	47°	GEO.	III.	SefT.i.	A.D.1807.

veyed, or by any Officer in the Department of the said Commissary General, to issue out his or their Warrant or Warrants to the Con-(tables or Petty Confiables, of the County, Division, Riding, City, Liberty, Hundred, and Precinfh, from, through, near, or to which such Regiment, Detachment, Troop, or Company shall be so ordered to be conveyed, requiring them to make such Provision not only of Waggons, Wains, and Carts kept by, or belonging to, any Person or Persons, and for any Use or Purpose whatsoever, but also of Saddle Horses, Coaches, Chaises, and other Four-wheeled Carriages usually let to hire, or kept for that Purpose; and also of Boats, Barges, and other Veffeis, used for the Carriage of Coals, Stone, Lime, Manure, or of Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, or any other Articles or Commodity whatsoever, upon any Canal or navigable River, with able Men and Horses to drive, navigate, and draw the same, as shall be mentioned in the said Warrant or Warrants, therein specifying the Place or Distance to which such Horses, Carriages, Boats, Barges, or other Veffeis and Men shall go and be conveyed, and allowing such Confiables sufficient Time to make such Provision, that the neighbouring Parts may not always bear the Burthen ; and in case such sufficient Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges, or other Veffeis, and Men, cannot be provided within any such County, Riding, Division, Hundred, City, Liberty, or Precindt, then the next Jultice or Justices of the Peace., of the next County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or ‘Precinct, shall upon such Requisition in Writing as lafl aforesaid being brought or (hewn to ar.y One or more of them, by any of the Officers aforesaid, issue his or their Warrant or Warrants to the Confiables, or Petty Confiables, of such next County, Riding, City, Liberty, Division, Hundred, or Precindt, for the Pur-Officers	pofes lafl aforesaid, to make up such Deficiency ; and the aforesaid

demanding ihrru Officer or Officers who, by virtue of the aforesaid Warrant or Warrants from the [uftice or Justices of the Peace, are to demand the Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges, or other Veffeis therein mentioned, of the Con liable or Petty Con liable, to whom the said Warrant or Warrants shall be directed, is and are hereby required at the same Time to pay down in Hand to the said Constable, or Petty Constable, for the Use of the Person or Persons who shall provide such Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges, or other Veffeis, and Men, such reasonable Sum and Sums of Money, as the said Justice or Justices shall in and by his or their laid Warrant or Warrants order and direct, not exceeding the ufuai Rate and Hire of such and the like Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges, or other Veffeis, and Men, according to the Length of the Journey or Voyage in each particular Case, but making no Allowance for Poll Horse Duty, or Turnpike, Canal, River, or. Lock Tolls (which Duty or Tolls are hereby declared not to be demandable or payable in such and the like Cases, for any such Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges, and other Veffeis, whilst employed in such Service Confiables shall or returning therefrom) ; for which said rel’pedlive Sum and Sums give a Receipt f0 received, the said Constable or Petty Constable is hereby required afn<i to give a Receipt in Writing, but without any Stamp, to the Person -:7o be °r C ^ or Persons paying the same ; and such Constable or Petty Constable ptovided.	fhall order and appoint such Person or Persons having such PJorfes,

Carriages, Boats, Barges, or other Veffeis and Men, within their respective Liberties, as they shall think proper, to provide and furnish such Horses, Carriages, Boats, Barges, or other Veffeis and Men,

mall pay lot their Hire such Sums as the J uiiiccs ihnll direct ,

Carriages, &c. exempt from Toils.

according

47° GEO. ILL Seffi j.

A.D, 1807.

Cfc

32-

109

according to the Warrant or Warrants aforesaid, who are hereby required to provide and furnish the Came accordingly ; and it (hail and may be lawful in such Cases, to and for all and every Military Officer and Officers, for the Use of whom, or of whole Regiment, Detachment, Troop, or Company, such Horses, Carriages, Boats, Barges, or other Vessels shall be provided in such Cases, to carry and convey, and permit to be carried and conveyed, on the same refpeCcively, not only the Arms, Clothes, Accoutrements, Baggage Tents, and other Equipage of such Regiment, Detachment, Troop, or Company, but .also the Officers, Soldiers, Servants, Women, Children, and other Persons of and belonging to the same ; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: But if any such Officer or Officers shall force and constrain any Horse, Carriage, Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, to travel or proceed beyond the Diffance or Place to be allowed and specified in such Warrant or Warrants, without the special Licence or Order of One or more other such Justice or Justices of the Peace in that Behalf, and which Licence or Order One or more of such Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to give and make at his and their reasonable Discretion, every such Officer for every such Offence shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, Proof thereof being made upon Oath before Two of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace of the same County or .Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Precindt, who are to certify the same to the Paymaster General, or other respective Paymaffer of His Majesty’s Foroes, who is hereby required to pay the aforesaid Sum of Five Pounds, according to the Order and Appointment under the Hands and Seals of the aforesaid Justices of the Peace of the same County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Precindt, and who is hereby empowered to dedudt the same out of such Officer’s Pay.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Waggon, Wain, Cart or Carriage, impressed by Authority of this Act, shall be liable or obliged, by virtue of this Act, to carry above Thirty hun dred weight ; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any High Constable, or Petty Constable, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to execute such Warrant or Warrants of the Justices of the Peace, as shall be directed unto them for providing Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, as aforesaid ; or shall demand or receive for the Use of the Owners furnishing such Waggons, Wains, Carts, or Carriages, more than the acci-iftomed Rateyw Mile, cm One Shilling, Nine-pence, or Sixpence, according to the Size of the respective Carriages as aforesaid, unless any further Sums, not exceeding the Amount herein-berore ipecified, shall have been pre-vioufly fixed and ordered by the Juftic;s at any General Sessions of the Peace assembled as aforesaid ; or if any Per feta or Persons, appointed by such Constable or Petty Constable, to provide or furnish any Carriage, Man, Horse, Boat, Barge, or other,Vessel,' shall refuse or neglect to provide the same : or if such Person or Persons, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, shall wilfully do any Adi or Thing, whereby the Execution of the said Warrant shall be .kindred or friiftrated, every such Con liable or other Person or Persons so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum net exceeding Five Pounds, nox kit thaw Forty Shillings to the Use of the

Poor

Military Officers may convey on them Arms, CJoaths, Accoutrements,

II qm page,

0riic<- rs, Soldiers, SeiVJ!:tS,

W .men, Children, and other Tcrlons* Penalty on Officers forcing Horses, &c. to t raved beyond the Dittance specified in Warrant, without Licence 5 \,

No Waggons, Sec. shall carry above 30 Cwt.

Penalty on Constables, SecJ for Ncgledb,

5 1. to 40 s.

Hosted by

47° GEO. III. Seff. i.

iiq

Officers and Soldiers, &c. on I>utv, and Carriages employed in His Mj jelly’s Service, exempted from Payment of all Tolls under any Acts :

imlefs by express ProvUioris.

Boa's shall pay Canal Tolls.

Treasurer of the Counly (hail repay

extraordinary Cbarjes of Conilables.

C,

A.D.1807,

Poor of such Parrfh or Parishes adjoining to the Parish where such Offence shall be committed, as /hull be fixed upon by the Justice or Induces by whom inch Offence shall be enquired of, heard, and determined And all and every such Offence and Offences lhail and may be enquired of, heard, and finally determined, by any One of His Maje fry’s Joffice3 of the Peace, dwelling in or near the Place where iudi Offence lhali be committed ; who has hereby Power to cause the said Penalty to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus , if any) to the Owners.

-LX. * And Whereas in consequence of certain Exemptions from

*	,Toll, exprelsly allowed by several Acts of Parliament for His Ma-‘ jefly’s Forces on their March, or on Duty, and for the Horses and

*	Carriages attending them, Doubts have arisen whether in all Cases 1 not io exempted, the Officers and Soldiers, and the Carriages, and

*	Horfes, belonging to His Majefry or employed in His Service* ‘ and returning therefrom, may not be charged with the Payment

*	of Tolls therefore, for obviating such Doubts, it is hereby enabled and declared. That all His Majesty’s Officers and Soldiers, and their Horses, on Duty or on their March, and all Carriages and Hones belonging to His Majefry, or employed in His Service, and returning therefrom, or employed in His Service, when conveying the Officers, Soldiers, Servants, Women, Children, or other Persons of or belonging to His May fry’s Foroes, and also the Arms, Clothes, Accoutrements, Tents, Baggage, and other Equipage, of or belonging to His Majesty’s Forces on their Marches, or returning therefrom, were and are, and (had be exempted from Payment of any Duties and Tolls othertvife demandable by virtue of any A ft of Parliament already made, cr hereafter to be made, for Persons, Horses, or Carriages,, pairing Turnpike Roads or Bridges, unless by such Act it has been or shall be expveisly provided that the said Officers, Soldiers, Carnages, and Horses, are and shall be liable equally with others to. the Duties and Tons therein authorized to be demanded and taken : Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall exempt from the Payment of Toll any Boats, Barges, or other Vessels employed in conveying the. Officers, Soldiers, Servants, Women, Children, or other Persons of cr belonging to His Majefry *s Foroes, or the Arms, Clothes, Accoutrements, Tents, Baggage, and other Equipage, of or belonging to His Majcfry’s Foroes, or any Military Stores along any Canal, but the same shall be liable to Toll in like Manner as other Boats, Barges, and Vessels are liable thereto.

EXE 4 And Whereas the respective Sums of Money, by this Aft 4 appointed to be paid to the Constables by the Officers demanding 4 such Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges, or other Vessels, may not, 4 in many Cases, be sufficient to answer the Charge and Expence. 6 of providing the same, infomuen that the said Constables may fre-4 quently be at great Charges,, over and above what is received by 4 them of the said Officers, to the greatBurthen of the Township of 4 which lie is Con liable, or elfe the Perions providing such Carriages 4 are grievouily oppreffect: For Remedy whereof, and that the said 4 Overplus Charge may be borne by each County or Riding, at the 4 general Charge of such County or Riding be it further enabled by the Authority afore said. That the Treasurer cr Trcafurers of each respective County or Riding, shall, without Fee or Reward, pay unto such Conft^ble all and every such reafonabie Sum or Sums of

Money*

Ill

A.D. 1807.	47°GEO. III. Seff 1.	C.32,

Money, so by him paid or laid out for fucli Carriages, Horses, Boats* Barges, and other VefTels, over and above what was or ought to have been paid by the Officer requiring fnch Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges, and other VelTels, out of the public Stock of such County or Riding, according to such Rates, Orders, Rules, and Directions, as the said Justices of the Peace, in their Quarter Sefiions assembled, within their respective Jurisdictions, shall from Time to Time, during the Continuance of this Add, make, direct, and appoint, (which Orders shall be made without Fee or Reward), Regard being always had to the Season of the Year, and the Length and Condition of the Ways by and thiough which such Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges, and other VefTels, are to travel and pass.

LXII. And in case the said pubfick Stock of the County or Riding be not sufficient over and above the other Purposes for which it was raised) to satisfy the extraordinary Charge of Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges, and other VelTels before mentioned, it is hereby further enacted, That the said Justices of the Peace, in the General Quarter Sefiions, shall have Power from Time to Time, to raise Monies upon the reipedlive Counties or Ridings, in such Manner as they now raise Monies for County Gaols and Bridges, to satisfy the said extraordinary Charge of Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges, and other VefTels.

LXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to quarter Officers and Soldiers in Scotland, in such and the like Places and Houses as they might have been quartered in by the Laws in force in Scotland at the Time of its Union with England ; and that the PofTefTors of such Houses shall only be liable to furnish the said Officers and Soldiers quartered there, as by the said Laws in force at the Time of the said Union was provided ; and that no Officer fnali be obliged to pay for his Lodging where he shall be regularly billetted, except in the Suburbs of Edinburgh.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Carriages for the Service of the Forces from Time to Time quartered or marching in Scotland, shall be provided in like Manner, and at the Rates, and the Furnifher of such Carriages shall be paid, as was directed by the Law in force in Scotland at the Time of its Union with England.

LXV. Amd be it further enadfed, That where any Troops or Parties upon Command have 'Occasion in their March to pass regular Ferries in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, it shall and may be lawful for the Commanding Officer either to pass over, with his Party as Pafiengers, or to hire the Ferry-boat entirely to himself and his Party, debarring others for that Time, in his Option ; and in case he shall chuse to take Fj-nTage for himself and Party as Pafiengers, he shall only pay for himself and for each Person, Officer, or Soldier under his Command, Half of the ordinary Rate payable by single Persons at any such Ferry ; and in case he shall hire the Ferry-boat for himself and Party he shall pay Half of the ordinary Rate for such Boat or Boats; and in inch Places where there are no regular Ferries, but that all Pafiengers hire Boats at the. Rate they can agree for. Officers, with or without Parties are to agree for Boats at the Rate as other Persons do in the like Cases.

LXVI, And

Money for that I’u pose may be raised by a County Rate.

Officer?, &e. shall be quartered in Scotland, under the Scotch Laws in force at that Unionj

and also Carriages provided there*.

How Troops are to pay in pufsing, over Ferries ia Scotland.

Officers an<f So '■•ierj; fe.dl be quart tied in Ireland under the Law s. m force at that Union.

Carriages in Ireland iliad he provided accordingly.

Lord Lieutenant may appwrt a Person to sign Marching Routes.

Penalty fer Officci s or Soldiers destroying the Game,

£$ for an Officer.

io s. for a Soldier,

Officer on

Nonpayment

caihiered.

Persons receiving enlilling Money| shall be deemed to be enlisted.

C. 35.	470	GEO.	III. Sell'. 1. .	A.D,1807c.

LXV1. And be it further erro/led by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may he'lawful to ouarter Officers and Soldiers in Ireland, in inch and the like Places a id Houles as they might have been qua' tered in by the Laws in force in Ireland at the Time of its Union with Or eat Britain ; and that the Poflefi’ors of such Houses shall Only be liable to furmffi the said Officers and Soldiers quartered there, as by the said Laws in force at the Time of the said Union was provided.

LXVII. And belt further enabled, That the Carriages for the Service of the Foroes, from Time to Time quartered or marching in Ireland, shall be provided in like Manner, and at the Rates, and the Furni liter of such Carriages fha.ll be paid as was dire died by the Laws in force in Ireland, at the Time of its Union with Great Britain.

LXVII. And be it further enabled, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor fur the Time being of Ireland> to depute by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, some proper Person to sign Routes for the marching of any of His Ma jelly's Forces in Ireland in the Name of such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor.

LXIX And for the better Preservation of Game in or near such Place where any Officers or Soldiers Rail at any Time be quartered, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if, from and after the said 1 wen tv-fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and feveu, any Officer or Soldier lhad without Leave of the Lord of the Manor, under his Hand and Seal fir It had and obtained, take, kill, or destroy, any Hare, Coney, Phealant, Partridge, Pidgeon or any other Sort of Fowls, Poultry, or Fish, o* His Majesty’s Game, within the United Kingdom of Great Britain all Ireland, and upon Complaint thnr-or in at be, upon Oath oi One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, convicted before any JufLice or J offices of the Peace, who is and are hereby empowered and authorized to hear and determine the same ; that is to say y every Officer so offending ffiall for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, to be diilributed among the Poor of the Place where such Offence ffiall be committed ; and every Officer commanding in Chief upon the Place, for every such Offence committed by any Soldier under his Command, ffiall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings, to be paid and diftribu-ted in Manner aforesaid: And if upon Conviction made by the Justices of the Peace, and Demand thereof alio made by the Constable or Overleers of the Poor, such Officer ffiall refuse or neglect, and not within Two Days pay the said respective Penalties, such Officer £0 refusing or neglecting ffiall forfeit, and he is hereby declared to have forfeited his Commiiiion, and his Commission is hereby declared to be null and void.

LXX. And be it further enabled, That every Person who ffiall receive enlisting Money from any Officer employed on the Recruiting Service, or from any Non-eommiffioned Officer or Private Soldier belonging to the Recruiting party under the Command of such Officer, or from any Perl on employed on the Recruiting Service, he being an atteiled Soldier, ffiall be deemed to be enliffed as a Soldier in His Majclty’s Service ; provided always, that every such Person so erdrffied/ {ball, be entitled to alf tlic Benefits herein enabled for the Relief of Persons hastily enlisting themselves.

4

LXXL Provided

Hosted by

.D. 1807.

470 GEO. III. Seff. 1.

C. 32.

113

the Justice shall read over to them cert:iiri Sec) ions of the

LXXI. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enabled and declared Persons haftiljr by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty- ,r>ilft,ng may be fourth Day of March One thoufarid eight hundred and seven, when ^^ys, on *** and as often as any Person or Persons shall be inlifted 3s a JSoldier or returning Soldiers in His Majesty’s Land Service, he or they shall, within Four iniirting Money Days, but not sooner than Twenty-four Hours, after such inlifting flncJ ZDS* respectively, be carried before some Justice of the Peace of any Such Perfonanot County, Ridino-, City, or Place, or Chief Magistrate of any City or paying the

m	,»	t	1	•	,	•	.1	tt'	•	•.	r/,i	M jncy within

Iowa Corporate, rehcung or being next to. or m the Vicinity or the Hours

Place where such Person or Persons shall have been iqlisted, and not deemed enliftcd;

being an Officer in the Army, and before such Justice or Chief Magif- in whicu Ca;c,

trate he or they shall be at liberty to declare his or their Dissent or if rhev enl-ft,

to such inlifting ; and upon such Declaration, and returning the In-	n~~"

lifting Money, and also each Person l'o diftenting paying the Sum

pf Twenty Shillings for the Charges expended or laid out upon him,

such Perion or Persons so inlifting shall be forthwith diicharged and Articles of War,

let at Liberty, in the Presence of inch Justice or Chief Magistrate; but &c-

if such Person or Persons shall refuse o-r negleet, within the Space of ^f fi*de 1 iT*" and^

Twenty-four Hours, to return and pay such Money as aforesaid, he or Qarhin schedule

they shall be deemed and taken to be enlisted, as if he or they had given a. and certify

his or their Aftent thereto before the said Justice or Chief Magistrate ; the Inlittmenc

or if such Person or Persons shall declare his or their having voluntarily in

inlifted himself or themselves, then such Justice or Chief Magistrate Sche ue 9

shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to read over, or in his own

Presence cause to be read oyer, to such Person or Perlons the Third

and Fourth Articles of the Second Heftion, and the First Article of

the Sixth Section of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Defer-

tion, and to tender and administer to such Person or Persons refpec-?

lively, not only the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the said Articles

of War, but also the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Aft

annexed, marked (A.); and if such Person or Persons shall take the

said Oaths, then such Justice or Chief Magistrate shall, and he is hereby

required forthwith to certify under his Hand the inlifting and fwearing*

together with the Place of the Birth, Age, and Calling, if known, of

such Person or Persons, in the Form mentioned in the Schedule to

this Aannexed, marked (B.) except in the Case of Recruits inlifted

to serve either in His Majesty \s Troops, or in the Forces of the East

India Company, according as His Majesty shall think-fit, in purfuance

of an Adi pa(Ted in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty,

intituled, yin Ad for better recruiting the Forres of the East India Com- Recruit? under

pany, in which Case every such Recruit shall, instead of the said Qatli 39 G. 3. c. 109.

of Fidelity, and of the Oath contained in the Schedule (A.) to this fo«-the East indU

Service, &c t*hnI! rake the

Adi annexed, take the Oath of Allegiance directed by the said Adi of the Thirty-ninth of His Majesty, and contained in the Schedule to Oa'th'of& this Adi annexed, marked (C. ; and the- Justice or Chief Magistrate Allegiance, and shall certify such Inliftment and- Swearing accordingly in the Form the Oitn in mentioned in the Schedule tp this Aft annexed, marked (D.); and if Schedule C./ any inch Person or Persons, so to be certified, shall wilfully refuse to.	cerf|fied

take the said Oath of Fidelity before the said Justice or Chief Ma- scheduhf 0 gistrate, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer, from whom he has Penalty on ° received such Money as aforesaid, to detain or confine such Person or Officers for Persons until he or they ffiall take the said Oath of Fidelity; and every Military Officer that shall act contrary hereto, or offend herein, ^ ei ^ ■ 1 shall incur the like Penalty and Forfeiture as i$ by this Aft to be 47 Ill*	J	iuSifted

It4

C-3*.

47* GEO. III. Self. i.

A.D. 1807.

Persons lefufing to appc.tr before a Jutticc fhull be deemed dyily inliiled.

Penalty on

Apprentices

inlittmg

themt’elyes, Im-prifonment, 6c c.

Matters claiming Appientitej. shall taK.e the -Oath ancj produce ine Ceri ilicate in Schedules E, and F.

Matters of

Appte-i slices contenting, may receive Part of the Bounty Money.

Apprentices claimed by their Matters shall be carried before a Jutt ice and committed.

inflidled upon any Officer for making a false and untrue Muller; and the Penalty and Forfeiture fit all be levied and recovered in the lame Manner as any Penalties or Forfeitures are by this Adi to be levied or recovered.

LXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any 1 erfon or Perlons shall receive the Inli.bng Money from any such Officer, Non-commiffioned Officer, Private Soldier, or other Person employed on the ecruiting Service, knowing it to be such , and flrall abfeond, or refuse to go before such Justice or Chief Ma-gistrate, in order to declare his Assent or iffiflent as aforesaid, such Person or Persons ffiall be deemed and taken to be inliiled to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever ; a id ffiall and may be proceeded against as if he or they had taken the Oaths directed by this Adi to be taken before such Justice or Chief Magistrate.

LXX1II. And be it further enacted. That if any Person duly bound as an Apprentice, ffiall inlift as a Soldier in His Majesty’s Land Service, and ffiall Hate to the Justice of the Peace, or Magistrate before whom he ffiall bp carried, that he is notan Apprentice, every such Person so offending ffiall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and being thereof duly convicted, ffiall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to be impriloned in any Gaol or House of Corredlion, and kept to hard Labour for Two Years, and ffiall, after the Expiration of his Apprenticeship be liable to serve as a Soldier in any Regiment of His Majesty’s regular Foroes; ana if, on the Expiration of his Appren-ticeffiip, he ffiall not deliver himself to some Officer authorized to receive Recruits, may be taken as a Deserter from His Majesty’s-Forces.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Mailer ffiall be entitled to claim any Apprentice who ffiall, after the palling of ibis Adi, enlill as a Soldier in His Majesty’s Land Service, unless such Apprentice ffiall have been bound to him for the full Term of Seven Years, and unless such Mailer ffiall within One Calendar Month after such Apprentice ffiall have abfeonded or left his Service-, go before some Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, and before such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Adi annexed, marked (E.) and produce the Certificate of fitch Justice of the Peace or Magistrate of his having taken such Oath, which Certificate such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate is hereby required to give in the Form and Schedule to this Adi annexed, marked

(F)

LXXV. And be it further enacted. That any Mailer of any Apprentice who shall have enlisted as a Soldier in His Majesty’s Land Foroes, ffiall, upon his consenting to give up the Indentures of Ap-prenticeffiip within One Month after the Inlifting of such Apprentice as a Soldier, be entitled to receive to his own Use so much of the Bounty payable to such Recruit, after dedudling therefrom Two Guineas, which ffiall be reserved in order to provide the said Recruit with Neceftaries, as ffiall not have been paid to such Recruit before Notice given of his being an Apprentice.

LXXVL And be it further enacted, That every Apprentice who ffiall be claimed by his Mailer, ffiall be taken before a Justice of the Peace or Magistrate of the County, Riding, Livision, City, Liberty, or Place, where such Apprentice ffiall happen to be when so claimed, and it shall be lawful for iuch Juilice of the Peace or Magistrate, and such

Justice

Justice of the Peace or Magistrate is hereby required, on Proof on Oath of Rich Person being- an Apprentice, and having enlisted and de« chared that he was no Apprentice, to commit such Person so offending as aforefaidto the Common Gaol of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or ' lace, where such Person shall be at the Time when he shall be so claimed by his said Matter, there to remain, until he final! be difeharaed by due Course of Law.

LXX VII. And be it further enabled, That it shall be lawful for the Juttice of the Peace or Magistrate before whom such Person so offending shall be so taken as afore said, to examine into the Matters alledged againtt such Person upon Oath, and which Oath the said Magistrate is hereby empowered to administer; and also to keep in his Custody the Indenture of Apprenticeship, to be produced as Occalion shall require, and to bind over the Matter claiming such Person, and any other Persons he may think proper, to give Evidence at the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or Session of Oyer and Terminer, at which the Trial of such Person is hereinafter directed to be had againtt such Person so offending.	*

LXXVIII. And be it further enabled, That every such Offender may and shall be tried at the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or Seffionsof Oyer and Terminer for the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, or Place, wherein the Offence charged shall have been committed, next after such Offender’s being brought before such Juttice of the Peace or Magistrate as afore said, unless the Court shall think fit to put off the Trial on just Cause.

LXX1X. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That no Person whatever, except an Apprentice, who has enlisted or shall enlist himself into His Majesty’s Service as a Soldier as aforesaid, shall be liable to be arretted or taken cut of His Majesty’s Sendee by reason of the Warrant of any Magistrate or ■ Magistrat.es on account of any Breach of Contrabl or Engagement to serve or work for any Matter or Employer whatsoever.

LXXX. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That if any Person who shall have been hired to serve any Matter for a Tear or otherwiie, shall, before the Expiration of his Term of Service under such Hiring, enlist into His Majesty’s Service, such Person shall be entitled to such Proportion of Wages as the Magistrate shall think proper from his Matter, for the Time he has actually served under such Hiring, notwithstanding he shall have failed, in consequence of such enlisting, in completing the full Term of Service agreed for under such Hiring.

LXXX I. And be it further enabled, That when and as often as any Regiment or Company shall be relieved at any Station or Place beyond the Seas, in order to their Return to Great Britain or Ireland, it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers, thereunto authorized by the Commander in Chief at Rich Station or Place refpebnvely, to enlist as many of the Soldiers belonging to such Regiment or Company, retai ning to Great Britain or Ireland, as shall be willing, and who shall appear to be fit for Service, and to incorporate them in any Regiment or Company which final! be appointed to remain ;- and every Soldier so enlisted shall be, and is hereby deemed tq be, discharged from the Regiment or Company in which he before served ; and the Oc*s cafion of his quitting such former Corps shall be recited in the enlifting

I 2	Certificate;

Justices shall exam me on Oitn, <md keep the indentLre to be produced on Trial.

Such Offenders shall be tried at the next Quarter Seffians.

None but an Apprcmice dial! be taken out of the Service lor

Breach of

Contract.

Servants shall be entitled to Wages* up to the Time of enlisting.

Where anyCorp* beyond Seas fit all be relieved in older to return Home, such of the Men as (ha)I choose may be enlisted and remain abroad.

i 16

Soldiers entitled to Difaharge abioad, shall be sent Home fiee of Expence, with Conduct and M ueliin£ Money.

So within the Kingdom.

Any Justice may

commit

Dcforters.

C.32.	470	GEO.	III.	SefT.	1.	A.D. 1807.

Certificate; a Duplicate, or an attested Copy whereof, jfhall be delivered to such Soldier, to protect him from being anyways molested upon Suspicion of his having deserted.

LXXXy. And be it further enadfeed, That every Soldier entitled to his Discharge under any Orders or Regulations made by His Majesty, or upon the Expiration of any Period for which he shall have engaged to serve, shall, if then serving abroad, be sent to Great Britain or It eland, free of Expence, and be entitled on bis Return to, and have and receive Marching Money, from the Place of his being landed to the Parish or Place in which he shall have been originally enlisted, at the Rate per diem fixed for Victualling Soldiers on the March, reckoning Ten Miles for each Day’s March ; and every Soldier so entitled to his Discharge, who shall be discharged at any Place in the United Kingdom, other than that in which he shall have been attested, shall be entitled to the like Marching Money, from the Place of his Discharge to the Place of his Attestation as aforesaid.

LXXXIIL ‘And Whereas several Soldiers, being duly listed, do J afterwards desert, and are often found wandering,or otherwise abfent-* ing themselves illegally from His Majesty*s Service,’ it is hereby further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for the Constable, Headborough, or Tithingman, of the Town or Place where any Person, who may be reasonably suspected to be such a Deserter, shall be found, or for any Officer or Soldier in His Majesty’s Service, to apprehend, or cause such fufpe£ted Person to be apprehended, and to bring or cause him to be brought before any Justice of the Peace, living in or near such Town or Place, who hath hereby Power to examine such suspected Person ; and if, by his Consession, or the Testimony of One or more Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, or by the Know*, ledge of such Justice of the Peace, it shall appear or be found that such filfpe&ed Person is a lifted Soldier, and ought to be with theTroop or Company to which he belongs, such Justice of the Peace shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the Gaol of the County or Place where he shall be found ; or the House of Correction, or other public Prison, in fuchTown or Place where such Deserter shall be apprehended; or to the Savoy, in case such Deserter shall be apprehended within the Ci y of London or Westminster, or Places adjacent; or to the Provost Mar^ shall in case such Deserter shall be apprehended within the City or Liberties of Dublin, or Places adjacent; and transmit an Account thereof to the Secretary at War for the Time being in London, or if the Deserter be apprehended in Ireland, to theChief Secretary to the Chief Governor or Governors, thereof, to the End that such Person may be removed by an Order from the Office of the said Secretary at War, or Chief Governor or Governors, and proceeded against according to Law : And the Keeper of every Gaol, House of CorreCfion, or Prison, in which such Deserter shall at any Time be confined, shall receive fqch Subsistence for the Maintenance of such Deserter during the Time that he shall continue in his Custody, as by His Majesty’s Regulations is or shall from Time to Time be directed in that Behalf, aqd shall be entitled to for every Twenty-four Hours Imprisonment of such Deserter; and the Keeper of every Gaol, House of Correction, or other publick Prison of the City, Town, or Place at or in which the Party or Person conveying such Deserter shall halt on the March, shall, and he is hereby required to receive and confine tfv-ery Deserter who shall be delivered into his Charge and Custody by

90

A. D. 1807.

470 GEO. III. Seif. r.

3^

ll7

any Non-eommiflioned Officer or Soldier who fha41 be conveying such Deserter under any lawful Order, Warrant, or Authority while on the Road from the Place where he was apprehended to the Place to which he is to be conveyed, without any other Warrant or Authority for so doing than the Production of the Warrant of the Justice of the Peace, on which such Deserter shall have been taken orfome Order from the Office of the Secretary at War, or of the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and shall be entitled to One Shilling on Account of the Imprisonment of the said Deserter ; any Law, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXIV. A fid, for the better Encouragement of any Person Reward far or Persons to secure or apprehend such Deserters from His Majesty’s T^'og UP Service, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That such Defcrters. Justice of the Peace shall also issue his Warrant, in Writing, to the Collector or Collectors of the Land Tax Money of the Parish or Town ship in Great Britain whereany Deserter shall be apprehended, or in Ire'and, to the ColleCtor or Collectors of His Majesty’s Revenue in the District where any Deserter shall be apprehended, for paying out of the Land Tax Money or Revenue arisen or to a rife, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven, into the Hands of such Person or Persons as shall apprehend, or cause to be apprehended, any Deserter from His Majesty’s Service, the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every such Deserter as shall be apprehended and committed ; which Sum of Twenty Shillings shall be satisfied by such Collector or Collectors to whom such Warrant shall be directed, and allowed upon his or their Account.

LXXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted. That if any Per- Penalty for son (hail harbour, conceal, or alfift any Leferter from His Majesty’s conrea!inS Service, knowing him to be such, the Person so offending shall for- ^e^trtcci i10* feit, for every such Offence, the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and upon Conviction, by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, the said Penalty of T wenty Pounds shall be levied, by Warrant under the Hand of such Justice of the Peace, by Diilrefs and Sale of the Go ods and Chattels of the Offender; One Moiety of the said Penalty to be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to be paid to the Officer to whom any such Deserter did belong : And in case any such Offender, who shall be conviPled as aforesaid of harbouring, concealing, or assisting any such Deserter, shall not have Efficient Goods and Chattels whereon Dillrefs may be made, to the Value of the Penalty awarded against him or her for inch Offence, or shall not pay such Penalty within Four Days after such Conviction, then, and in such Case, such Justice of the Peace shall and may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, commit such Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of Six Months: Provided also, that if any Penalty far Person shall knowingly detain, buy, or exchange, or otherwise receive iccci.-mi* any from any Soldier or Deserter, or any other Person, upon any Ac- Arms Clothes, count or Pretence whatsoever, any Arms, Clothes, Caps, or other Furniture, belonging to the King, or any Meat, brink, Beer, or other Provision, provided under any Regulations relating thereto, or any such Articles belonging to any Soldier or Deserter, as are generally deemed Regimental Necessaries, according to the Custom of the Army, being provided for the Soldier, and paid for by Deductions out of his Pay, or cause the Colour .of any such Clothes to be changed, the Per-

I 3	fon

n8

47° GEO. III. SefT. i.

A.D. 1807.

For buying or receiving O:-rs, Hay, or For; go, p'oviclerl for His Majesty’s Set vice, <£$*

or 3 Months Inipuionnitnt,

Penalty on Offifv. bi caking open any H^ui'e u ; Gout Wat lau*, £zo%

Juflicr5 may gi mt an Fx 'itwn of Fu luugh to any Kon cr'n - mif-fion< d Officer or Soldier applying fort e same, on Account of Skknefs, &c.

son so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Five Founds ; or if any Person shall buy or receive any Oats, Hay, Straw, or other Forage, provided for the Use of any Horse or Horses, belonging to His Majesty’s Service, from any Dragoon, or other Soldier, knowing him to be such, or shall move, procure, counsel, iolicit, or entice any Dragoon, or other Soldier, knowing him to be such, to fell or otherwise difpefe of any such Oats, Hay, Straw, or other Forage as aforesaid, the Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Five Pounds ; and upon Conviction, by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any of His Majesty’s Justices of the' Peace, said respective Penalties of Five Pounds, and Five Pounds, shall be levied by Warrant under the Hand of such Justice of the Peace, by Diilrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, One . Moiety of the said firfl-mentioncd Penalty of Five Pounds to be paid to the Informer, and One Moiety of the said lafl-m-ntioncd Penalty of Five Pounds to be paid to the Informer, and the Ref due of the said respective Penalties to be paid to the Officer to whom any such Deserter or Soldier did belong ; and in case any such Offender who shall be convicted as aforesaid of having knowingly received any Arms, Cloaths, Caps, or other Furniture, belonging to the King, or any such Meat, Drink, Beer, or other Provisions, or any such Articles generally deemed Regimental Ne-ceffaries, or of having caused the Colour of such Clothes to be changed, or of having bought or received any Oats, Hay, Straw, or other Forage, provided for the Use of any Horse or Horses belonging to His Majesty’s Service from any Dragoon' or other Soldier, knowing him to be such, or of having moved, procured, counfelied, folicited, or enticed, any Dragoon or other Soldier, knowing him to be such, to fell or otherwise dispose of any such Oats, Hay, Straw, or other Forage as aforesaid, contrary to the Intent of this A£l, shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon Distress may be made to the Value of the Penalties recovered against him or her for such Offence, or shall not pay iuch Penalties within Four Days after such Conviction, then, and in such Case, such Justice of the Peace shall and may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, either commit such Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bailor Mainprize, for the Space of Three Months, or cause such Offender to be publickly or privately whipped, at the Discretion of such Justice.

LXXXVI. Provided always, That no Commission Officer shall break open any House to search for Deserters, without Warrant from a Justice of the Peace ; and that every Commission Officer who shall without Warrant from One or more of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, (which said Warrants the said Justice or Justices are hereby empowered to grant), forcibly enter into, or break open, the Dwelling House or ^Outhoufes of any Person whomsoever, under Pretence of searching for Deserters, shall, upon due Proof thereof, forfeit the Sum , of Twenty Pounds.

LXXXVII. ‘ And Whereas Soldiers, absent from their Regiments i on Furlough granted to them by their Commanding Officers, are * sometimes prevented by Sickness, or other unavoidable Casualty

<	from returning to their Duty before the Expiration of the Time

<	limited by such Furlough, and Doubts have arisen whether, in such

<	Cases, the Extension of a Soldier's Furlough by a Justice of the 6 Peace, be fandlioned by legal Authority, and effectual for preventing

5 such

9

AD 1807,

470 GEO. III. Seff. 1.	€.32*	1x9

r such Soldier from being apprehended upon Suspicion of his having * delerted his Regiment be it further enacted, That any Justice of the Peace mar, and he is hereby authorized to grant, in Writing under his and, an Extension of Furlough to any Non-commiffiooed Officer or Soldier applying for the same, on Account of Sioknefs, or < ther Casualty, which to such Justice shall, on due Enquiry, appear to render such Extension necessary ; and that such Non-com-miftioned Officer or Soldier, during the Period to which his Furlough shall have been so extended as aforesaid by a Justice of the Peace shall not be liable to be apprehended or otherwise molested on the Ground of his having deserted the Regiment to which he shall appear by his Furlough to belong, or of criminally absenting himself from the same :

Provided always, that nothing in this Ad contained shall be construed to exempt any Non-commillioned Officer or Soldier, whose Furlough shall have been so extended as aforesaid, from being proceeded against, and punished according to the Provifio is of this Ad, should it thereafter appear that such Non-commiffioned Officer or Soldier had obtain- . ed the Exteufion of his Furlough by faffie Representation made to the Justice of the peace, or, in applying for and obtaining the fa fie, had committed any Offence to the Prejudice of good Order and Military Difciph e.

LXXXVIII And, to prevent, as far as maybe, any unjust or No Volunteer fraudulent Arrests that may be ma’e upon Soldiers, whereby His I.able P.oeefs Majesty and the Publick may be deprived of their Service, it is hereby un cfs for iomc further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person whatfo- cr,tninal Matterj eve , who is or (h ill be listed, or who shall lit and enter himself as a Volunteer, in His Majesty’s Service as a Soldier, shall be liable to be taken out of His Majesty’s Service by any Process or Execution whatsoever, other than for some criminal Matter, unless for a real Debt, or other just Cause of Action ; and, unless, before the taking or for a real out of such Pro- efs or Execution (not being for a criminal Matter), I^1 the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein, or some other Person or Perfcns on proved°on Chuh his or their Behalf, shall make Affidavit, before Ore or more Judge before a Judge 5 or Judges of the Court of Record, or other Court, out of which such Process or Execution shall issue, or before some Person authorized to take Affidavits in such Courts, that to hi or their Knowledge the original Sum, justly due and owing to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, from the ' efendant or Defendants, in the Action, or Cause of Action, on which such Process shall issue, or the original Debt for which such Execution shall be fuedout, amounts to the Value of Twenty Pounds at lead over and above all Costs of Suit in the same Action, or in any arid a other Action on which the same shall be grounded ; a Memorandum Memorandum of which Oath shall be marked on the Back of such Process or Writ;	marked

for which Memorandum or Oath no Fee shall be taken ; And if any t^Proccfs^ Person shall nevertheless be arrested contrary lo the Intent of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for One or more Judge or Judges of such urt, upon Complaint thereof made by the Party himself, or by any his superior Officer, to examine into the same by the Oath of the Parties or otherwise, and by Warrant under his or their Elands and vSeals, to discharge such Soldier so arrested contrary to the Intent of this Adi, without paying any Fee or Fees, upon due Proof made before him or them, that such Soldier, so arrested, was legally inlifted as a Soldier in His Majesty’s Service and arrested contrary to the Intent of this Ad; and also to award to the Party so complaining

14	fuch

120

3*-

47° GEO. III. Seff.i.

A.D. 1807*

Plaintiff may file a Common Appearance;

Soldiers tonfin^d for Debt, fhrijl not receive Pay.

Officer

errJ czzlit*g, &c. Mili«ny Stores, fh ' 1’ he cafhiei 1 d, and for ' h £100, a.'.o D in ages JevMh) hv Sale of Hs Goods : or he impi iloned 6 Months.

Non-corn rrjffion Officers embezzling Soldier’s P:y, &c. ffi.11 be reduced, &c.

such Costs as such Judge or Judges ffiall think reasonable ; for the Recovery whereof he fnall have the like Remedy that the Person who takes out the said Execution mighi have had for his Cods* or the Plaintiff in the like Action might have had for the Recovery of his Cods, in case Judgement had been given for him, with Cods, against the Defendant in the iaid Adlicn.

LXXXIX. 4 And* to the End that honed Creditors, who aim 4 only at the Recovery of their just Debts due to them from Perl ns ‘ entering into and liding in His Majesty's Service, may not be hindered 4 from suing for the same, but on the contrary may be affided and for-4 warded in their Suits; and indead of an A r re ft, which may at * once hurt the Service, and occasion a great Expence and Delay to r themselves, may be enabled to proceed in a more easy and cheap 4 Method be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs* upon Notice drd given in Writing-of the Cause of Abtion to such Person or Persons so entered, or left at bis or their last Elade of Residence before _ such Liding, to file a common Appearance in any Action to be brought for or upon Account of any Debt whatsoever, so as to entitle such Plaintiff to proceed therein to Judgement and Outlawry, and to have an Execution thereupon, Other than againd the Body or Bodies of him or them so listed, as aforesaid ; this Act, or any Thing herein, or &uy former Law or Statute, to the contrary notwithstanding.

AC. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from the passing of this Acf, no Soldier, being arreded or confined for Debt in any Prison, Gaol, or other Place, shall be entitled to any Part of bis Pay from the Day of such Arrest or Confinement, until the Day of his Return to the Regiment, Troop, or Company, to which he shall belong.

XCI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That every Commission Officer, Storekeeper, or Commissary, that shall embezzle or misapply or cause to be embezzled or misapplied, or shall wilfully or through Neglect suffer any Provisions, Forage, Arms, Clothing, Ammunition, or other Military Stores, to be spoiled or damaged, upon Proof thereof upon Oath made by Two Witnesses, before a General Court-martial, (which is hereby authorized and required to administer such Oath) shall be forthwith dismissed His Majesty’s Service* and forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and is hereby required to make good, at bis own Expence, the Loss and Damage thereby sustained, to be ascertained by such Court-martial, which shall have Power to seize the Goods and Chattels of the Person so offending, and fell them for the Payment of the said One hundred Pounds, and such Damage : And if {efficient Goods and Chattels cannot be found and seized, then the Pefon so offending shall be committed to Prison or the Common Gaol, there to remain for f*ix. Months without Bail or Mainprize, and until he shall pay such Deficiency ; and after the said Sum shall be recovered and levied, the same shall be applied and disposed of as His Majesty shall diredi and appoint.

XCII. And be it further ena&edby the Authority aforesaid, That every Non-commiffion Officer, who shall be conviHed, at a General or Regimental Court-martial, of having embezzled or misapplied any Money with which he may have been entrusted for the Payment of the Men under his Command, or forinlilting Men into His Majetty‘s

3ervices

A.D*1807*

121

47° GEO, in. Seff.1.	€.32,

Service, shall be reduced to serve in the Ranks as a Private Soldier, and be put under Stoppages until the Money be made goody and suffer such corporal Punishment (not extending to Life or Limb) as the Court-martial shall think lit.

XCIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, no Paymaster General or Paymaster of the Army, Paymaster of the M -tines, Secretary at War, Com-miffary, Muster Master, Paymaster of a Corps or DiftriCt, or any other Officer whatsoever, or their Under Officers, shall receive any Fees, or make any Deductions whatsoever out of the Pay of any Officer or Soldier in His Majesty’s Army, or from their Agents, which shall grow due from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of March One thoufaud eight hundred and seven, other than the usual Deductions allowed by His Majesty’s Regulations, and such other necef-fary Deductions as shall, from Time to Time, be direCted by His Majesty, under Hi-s Royal Sign Manual.

XCIV. And, for the Encouragement of the due and well clothing ■of the Troops, be it hereby further enacted. That the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, may, if he or they fee convenient, at the End of every Two Months, issue the Money due for the Clothing of the several Regiments, Troops, and Companies, wotwithftanding the Mufter-rolls have not been duly returned ; and the respective Paymasters are hereby direCted to make Deductions of all Off-reckonings, and to pay the same to such Perfou or Persons only as have a regular Assignment for Clothes by him or them delivered to the said Regiment, Troop, or Company ; and the Receipt of such Person or Perlons having or being lawfully entitled to such Assignment, to be from Time to Time taken for the same; and when no such A ffignment appears, the Offreckonings to remain in the Hands of the said Paymaster refpec-lively, for the Use of the Regiment, Troop, or Company, until a new Contract for Clothing, and Assignment, is made.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That if any Paymaster, Agent, or Clerk of any Garrison, Regiment, Troop, or Company, ffioll unlawfully detain or withhold, by the Space of One Month, the Pay of lany Officer or Soldier (Clothes and all other just Allowances being deduded), after such Pay shall be by him or them received; or if any. Officers, having received their Soldiers Pay, shall ref use to pay each Non-commiffioned Officer and Soldier their refpeClive Pay, when it shall become due, according to the several Rates established by His Majesty’s Orders, then upon Proof thereof before a Court-martial as-aforesaid, to be for that Purpose duly held and summoned, every such Paymaster, Agent, Clerk, or Officer, so offending, shall be discharged from his Employment, and shall forfeit to the Informer upon Conviction before the said Court, One hundred Pounds, to be levied as aforesaid ; and the Informer, if a Soldier (if he demands it) shall be, and be is hereby difcharged' from any further Service ; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XCVI. And, for the better Execution hereof, and that a true and rGgular Account may be kept and rendered by the Agents of the several Regiments and Independent Troops and Companies, the said Agents are hereby required and direCted to observe such Orders and Directions as shall from Time to Time be given by His Majesty, x 1	under

No Paymaster,

Sec. <h Ui m ike Deduction out of 1 ay.

Exception.

Treasury may iiTue Money tor Cl jtliing every Two Mouths,

Paymaster Pnal'l ded i<ft

Off-rcckonijigtf,-

Ag ents, &e. det iningOlficcr*

or Soldiers Pay shall be

at charged and torfeit c£io*.

Agents

di (obeying Orders (halt be discharged.

m	c.32.	47°	GEO.	III.	SeiT.	1.	A.D.	1807.

Penalty on

unautborifed

Persons

negot i iting the Sale cf Commissions,

Sec,

Pay makers, 8cc, flvall acc< unt witn Executors.

Officers, &e. of

the Trains of Aitillcry, Sc C, iuhjedt to this Act.

under His Sign Manual, or by His Majesty’s Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or by the Lord Treasurer, or Commiffionera of the Treasury for the Time being ; and if any Agent: shall refuse or neglect to observe and comply with fucli Orders and Directions, he shall be discharged from his Office, and be utterly disabled to have or hold any such Office in His Majesty’s Service.

XCVII. 6 And Wht -'reas great Inconvenience has arisen to HisMa-‘ jetty’s Service from Persons, not authorised Agents of Regiments,

‘ Troops, or Companies negotiating for the Purchase and Sale of 6 Commissions, and much larger Sums than are allowed by His Ma-f jetty’s Regulations are often given and received for Commissions, and 4 greal Frauds committed,’ be it therefore enacted, That every Person not an authorized Agent of any Regiment, Troop, or Company, who ill all negotiate or act as Agent for or in relation to the Purchase or Sale of any Commission in His IVlajeily’s Foroes, and also every authorized Agent as afore said, who shall take, accept, or receive any Commission or Sum of Money, or Reward, for negociating the Purchase or Sale of any such Commission, or acting as an Agent in relation thereto, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and Treble the Sum which shall be given or received for or in relation to any such Commission, over and above the Sum allowed by His Majesty’s Regulations.

XCViII. Provided always, and be it enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That every present and future Paymaster, Agent, or Clerk, of any Garrison, Regiment, Troop, or Company, who is or shall be liable to account with any of the Executors and Admimftrators of every Officer or Soldier, for any of the Pay of such Officer or Soldier by him or them received, shall, on reasonable Demand made by such Executor or Adrniniftrator, deliver a just and true Account to any such Executor or Adrniniftrator of such Sum or Sums of Money as he or they shall have so respectively received for such Officer or Soldier, and for which they ought so to account as aforesaid, such Executor or Adrniniftrator paying for the same ; and shall account with such Executor or Adrniniftrator for the same ; and that every such Pay-matter, Agent, or Clerk of any Garrison, Regiment, Troop, or Company, offending herein, shall forfeit the like Penalties, and to be recovered in like Manner as appointed by this A cl, for such Colonels or Agents not giving due Accounts of or for the Pay of the said Officers or Soldiers, to and for such Officers and Soldiers themselves.

XCIX. 4 And Whereas it may otherwise be doubted whether tee 4 Officers and Persons serving in the Royal Artillery, and those hired ( to be employed in the Trains of Artillery, or the Officers serving 4 in the Corps of Royal Engineers, or the Officers and Persons serving * in the Corps of Royal Military Surveyors and Draftfmen, or the 4 Corps of Royal Military Artificers and Labourers, or the Matter 4 Gunners, and Gunners under the Ordnance, be within the Intent 4 and Meaning of this Act it is hereby enabled, by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officers and Per:ons serving and hired to be emploved, or who shall serve and be hired to be employed in the Royal Artillery- and in the several Trains of Artillery, and all Officers serving or who shall serve in the Corps of Royal Engineers, and ail Officers and Persons serving or who shall serve in the Corps of Royal Military Surveyors and D aftfmen, or in the Corps of Royal Military Artificers and Labourers, and all Matter Gunners, and Gunners who now are

or

*23

A.D. 1807.

470 GEO. III. Sell. 1.

C.32.

or shall be under the Ordnance, shall be at all Times subject to

all the. Penalties and Punishments mentioned m this Adi, and shall, in all Respects whatsoever, be holden to be within the Intent and Meaning of every Part of this Adi, during the Continuance of the same, and shall be quartered and billetted together with the Horses employed for the Service of the said Corps in the same Manner and lender the same Penalties and Regulations as are directed by this Act to be ob-ferved in quartering and billetting the Officers, Soldiers, and Horfesr of His Majesty’s -other Foroes; and all Innkeepers and others on whom the Officers and Persons fervmg in the said Corps, and the Horses employed therein shall be legally quartered, refullng to receive and provide for them as is directed for the Officers, Soldiers, and Horses of His Majesty’s other Foroes, shall be fubjeci to the fan e Penalties as in the Case of His Majesty’s other Forces.

C. ‘ And Whereas great Mischief and Inconvenience may arise if it

*	fhould be doubted whether Troops in Pay, railed or fending in any 4 of His Majesty’s Provinces, Governments, Coionics, or Dominions,

6 or in Countries, Coionics, or Places in PolTeffion of or occupied by

*	His Majesty’s Subjects, or any Forces of His Majesty, are. while 4 under the Command of any Officer having a Commission immediately 4 from His Majesty, liable to the same Rules and Articles of War, and 4 the same Penalties and Punishments, as His Majesty’s other forces 4 are subject to To prevent such Mischief and to remove all Doubts, be it declared and enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That all Officers and Soldiers of any Troops, being muitered and in Pay, which have been or are or shall be railed or serving as aforesaid, shall at all Times and in all Places be liable to Martial Law and Discipline, in like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as His Majesty’^ other Forces are, and shall be subject to the same Trial, Penalties, and Punishments.

CI. And be it further enabled, That this Aci shall extend to all Serjeants and Non-commiffioned Officers or Persons employed on the Recruiting Service, receiving any regular Pay in respect of such Service ; and all such Serjeants and Non-commiffioned Officers and Persons employed on the Recruiting Service, receiving any regular Pay in refpe£t of such Service, shall be liable to Martial Law and Discipline, in like Manner to all Intents and Purposes as His Majesty’s other Foroes, and be subject to the same Trial, Penalties, and Punishments.

CII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the pafiing of this A£l, all Negroes purchased by or on Account of His Majesty, 'His Heirs and Successors, and serving in any of His Majesty’s Foroes, shall be and be deemed and taken to be free, to all Intents and for all Purposes whatever, in like Manner in every refpetft as it such Negroes had been born free in any Part of His Majesty’s Dominions; and that such Negroes shall also to all Intents and Purposes whatever, be conftdered as Soldiers having voluntarily inlifted in His Majesty’s Ser* vice.

CIII. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That nothing in this Act contained, as to enlisting for any limited Periods of Service, or contained in any other A£l as to any Rules or Regulations for the granting any Penlions or Allowances to any Soldiers discharged, after certain Periods of Service* IhaU extend or be deemed or construed in

any

Alt Provincial

and other Troops declared )i d> to the Martial Law-wren fervmg under a Britith Officer.

Recruiting Serjeants, subject to the Prov ifiuns of this Act.

Negroes serving as S-ldiets ihalj, be deemed tree.

Limited Periods Of Set vice under this Act (fee St hcdule A ) : and Pen lions (fee 46 G. 3. c. 69.) not extended tj N^roes.

Hosted by

H4

Offices and

Soldiers of such Troops fenr over t«i Giear B itain fti d] bequarteu d and billeued as H's Majeity’s other Forces.

Aft lliall n®t extend to the Mdi(ia or Vol uniters, except in Cases expressly dirvfted by exiting Aft.

[&« § 106.]

Militia and Fencibles when I in afttul Service Avail be regularly mustered under this Aft.

In what Cases this Aft shall extend to Jersey, Guernsey, &tc.

C.31.	47° GEO. III. Scff. I. A.D. 1807.

any Mfcnhfcf to extend to any Negroes purchased by or on Adctmnt of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and serving in any of His Majesty’s Forces.

ClV. ‘ And Whereas the Officers &ftd Soldiers of the said Troops,

*	being taken Prisoners, are frequently Sent over to Great Britain in a 6 very di-ftreffed Condition i And Whereas their Pay is not fyfficient to

*	provide them with neceilary Lodgings and Accommodations be it enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That during the Continuance of this Adi, it shall be lawful for the Conllables, and other Civil Magistrates within England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon* Tweed, to quarter and billet the Officers and Soldiers of such Troop* in all such Houses as are liable by this Add to receive the Officers and Soldiers of His Majesty’s other Foroes; and the said Constables and other Civil Magistrates are hereby required to quarter an;* billet the Officers and Soldiers of such Troops, in the same Manner, and under the same Regulations and Penalties, as are directed by this Adi to be observed in quartering and billetting the Officers and Soldiers of His Majesty’s other Force.s ; and all Persons on whom the Officers and Soldiers of the said Troops shall be legally quartered, refuftng to receive and provide for them, as is directed for the Officers and Soldiers of His Majesty’s other Foroes, shall be subject to the same Penalties as in the 'cafe of His Majesty’s other Forces.

CV. ^ rovided always, and be it further enabled. That nothing in this Adi contained shall extend, or be any waysconftrued to extend, to concern any of the Militia Forces or Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps in Great Britain or Ireland, or in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, or the Illands thereto belonging, excepting only in such Case wherein, by any Adi or Adis for regulating any of the Militia Forces or Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps in Great Britain or Ireland, the Provisions contained in this Adi, or in any Adi for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, which shall be then in force, are extended and meant to take place in respect to the Officers and Soldiers of the Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; and also except so far as relates to the mustering of the said Militia Forces according to the Provisions herein-after mentioned.

CVI. And for the better ascertaining the Number of effective Men, of the Regiments of Militia, when embodied and in actual Service, be it cnadled by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the palling of this Adi, every Regiment or Corps of Militia and Fencible Men, when embodied and in actual Service, shall be regularly muflered by Commissaries appointed for that Purpoft*, in the same Manner and as often as the Rest: of the Army is usually muflered ; and the Magistrates shall have the same Powers and Authorities, and both Officers and Men shall be subject to the same Regulations, Reftridlions, and Penalties, as are imposed on the Officers and Soldiers of the Rest of the Army by virtue of this Adi.

CVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Adi shall be construed to extend to the lilands of Jersey, Guernsey, Aldtrney, Sark, and Man, and the Illands thereto belonging, as to the Clauses therein for mustering and paying, and to the Provisions for the Trial and Punishment of Officers and Soldiers, who shall be charged with Mutiny or Desertion, or any other of the Offences which are by this Adi declared to be punishable by the Sentence of a General, or Garrifbn, or Detachment, or Regimental Court-martial; and also to

the

IZ$

A.D.1807.	470	GEO. III. SefT. 1.	C.32,

*

the Clauses which relate tQ the Punishment of Persons who shall conceal Deserters, or shall knowingly buy, exchange, or otherwise receive any Arms, Clothes, Caps, or other Furniture, belonging to the King, or any such Articles generally deemed Regimental NecefTaries, from any Soldier or Deserter, or who shall eaufe the Colour of such Clothes to be changed.

CVIII. And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, Peifonsfucd That if any Action, Bill, Plaint, or Suit, shall be brought against m y plead the any Person odPerfons, for any Act, Matter, or Thing, to be acted or Geucrai done in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Person and perions, sued as aforesaid, to plead thereunto the General I flue, that he or they are not guilty, and to give such Special Matter in Evidence to the Jury which shall try the Issue 5 which Special Matter being pleaded had been a good and sufficient Matter in Law to have diicharged the said Defendant or Defendants of the Trespass or other Matter laid to his or their Charge: And if the Verdict shall pal's with the said Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein become Nonsuit, or suffer any Discontinuance thereof; that in every such Case the Justice or Juifices, or such other Judge, before whom the said Matter shall be tried, shall, by force and virtue of this Adi, allow unto the Defendant or Defendants his or their Treble Co (Is, which he or they Treble Costs.-fhall have sustained by reason of their wrongful Vexation in Defence of the said Action or Suit; for which the said Defendant or Defendants shall have the like Remedy as in other Cases where Costs by the Laws of this Realm are given to Defendants.

CIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That All Suit* fcali every Bill, Plaint, Adtjon, or Suit against any Person or Persons, for be brougkt in any Act, Matter or Thing to be acted or done in pursuance of this ^orae Gourt °f Act, cr against any Member or Minister of a Court-martial, in respect ^ec<X€i* of any Sentence of. such Court, or of any Thing done by virtue or in pursuance of such Sentence, shall be brought in some of the Courts of Record at Westminster, or in Dublin, or the Court of Session in Scotland\ and in no other Court whatsoever.

CX. And b® it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, Penalties on in any Part of His Majesty’s Dominions, directly or indirectly, per- Pcrfv>n$ fuade or procure any Soldier or Soldiers in the Service of His Ma- SoldtersTo j?fty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, to desert or leave such Service as afore- defer &c.o£ioo* said, every such Person or Persons so offending as aforefiald, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit to His Majesty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, or to any other Person or Persons who shall sue foi the same, the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and if it shall happen that any such Offender so convicted as aforesaid, hath not any Goods and Chattels, Lands or Tenements, to the Value of One hundred Pounds, to pay and iatisfy the same ; or if from A'd in certain the Circumllances and Heinousness of the Crime it shall appear to the c^es be Court before which the said Conviction shall be made as aforesaid, that any such Forfeiture is not a sufficient Punishment for such Of-fence, it shall be lawful for such Court to commit any such Offender to Prison, there to remain for any Time not exceeding T welve Months, without Bail or Mainprize, and also to {land in the Pillory for the Soace of One Hour, in some Market Town next adjoining to the Place where the Offence was committed in open Market there, or in the Market Town itself where the said Offence was committed.

CXL And

Such Penalties in ,11 be

n covered in the re ipeclive Courts Law.

Recovery of Penalties in i re land,

AI dot ney, and Man.

limitation of Actions for penalties Six Months.

Offences ? gain ft former Mu* my Afis ZlvUl be ^unifn.iblc under ifcis Act.

CXI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties by this Ad imposed, for persuading or procuring any Soldier to desert within that Part of Great Britain called England, may and shall bb sued for, and be recoverable in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster ; and for such !ike Offences as shall be committed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be sued for and recoverable in His Mnjefty’s Courts of Exchequer in Scotland; and for such like Offences as shall be committed in Ireland, shall be sued for and recoverable in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record in Dublin; and for any such like Offences as dial] be committed in any of the Dominions of His Mujefty, shall and may be sued for and recoverable in any Court of Record of His Majesty, in the Place where the Offence shall have been committed ; and for such like Offence as shall have been committed within the Island of Guernsey, the same shall be sued for and be recoverable in the Royal Court of Guernsey ; and for such Offences as shall be committed within the Island of Jersey* the same shall be sued for and be recoverable in the Royal Court of7 Jersey ; any Thing contained in an Atl pa (Ted in the First Year of King George the First to the contrary thereof in any wise not-with ftauding.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That for such of the said Offences as shall be committed within that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, the Penalties herein enabled shall be sued for and be recoverable in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record in Dublin ; and for such of the said Offences as shall be committed within the Ides of Yllderney and Sark, the Penalties herein enacted shall be sued for and be recoverable in the Royal Court of Guernsey ; and for such of the said Offences as diall be committed within the Isle of Man, the Penalties herein enacted shall be sued for and be recoverable in any of the Courts of Record in the said Istand, or in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster.

CXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no such Action shall be brought, or Prosecution carried on by virtue of this Adi, for the Penalties aforesaid, unless the same be commenced within Six Months after the Offence is committed.

CXIV. And in order to prevent all Doubts that may arise in relation to. punidiing Crimes and Offences committed against former Adis of Parliament made in Great Bt'itain and Ireland respectively,ybr punishing Mutiny and Desection, and for the letter Payment of the Army and their Quartera, or against any of the Articles of War made and established by virtue of the same ; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Crimes and Offences which have been committed against any Adi for pnnifhing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, or against any. of the Articles of War made and established by virtue of the same, shall and may, during the Continuance of this Adi, be enquired of, heard, tried, and determined, adjudged, and punished. before and by the like • Courts, Persons, Powers, Authorities, Ways, Means, and Methods, as the like Crimes and Offences committed against this Adi may be enquired of, heard, tried, determined, adjudged, and punished ; And the Proceedings of a Court-martial upon any Trial, begun under the Authority of such former Adi, shall not be'"discontinued, by the Expiration oJb the lame, but it shall be lawful to proceed to 'Judgement

A.D. 1807.	470	GEO.	III.	Seff.i.	C.	32.	f	2f

ment upon such Trial, and to carry such Judgement into Execution, in like Manner as if the Proceedings had been commenced under the Authority of this Adi.

CXV. Provided always, That no Person shall be liable to be tried Limitation of and puniflied, for any Offence against any of the said Adis, or Arti-	ncesC

cles of War, which shall appear to have been committed more than j^ree Years. Three Years before the Issuing of the Commission or Warrant for such Trial ; unless the Perfo 1 accused, by reason of his having absented himself, or of some other manifest Impediment, shall not have been amenable to Jaflice within that Period ; in which Case such Person shall be liable to be tried at anv Time not exceeding Two Years after the Impediment shall have ceased.

CXVI. And, for the more easy Conviction of Offenders against porm 0j this AH, be it enacted. That in case any Person shall be convicted CojividUoa* of any Offences by which they shall become liable to any of the pecuniary Penalties under this Adi, the following shall be the Form of Conviction :

‘ County of I T! E it remembered, That on the	Day

J AJ of	in	the	Year	of	our	Lord

€	at	in the County aforesaid, A. B. came

4 before me [or us] One or Two of His Majesty’s Jufcices of the 4 Peace* in and for the said County, and informed me [or us], upon 4 Oath that G. H. of	on	the

4 Day of	now	lafl	pall,	at

4 in the said County, did (/here fet forth the Fact- in the Manner defer,tied 4 in the Statute) ; whereupon the said G. H. after being duly fummoned

*	to answer the said Charge, appeared before me [or us] the said

4 Justice [or Juflices] on the	Day	of	at

4	in	the	fame	County,	and	having	heard	the

4 Charge contained in the said Information, declared that he was not ‘ guilty of the said Offence ; but the same being fully proved upon ‘ the Oath of I. K. a credible Witness, it manifestly appears to me [or 4 us] the said Juilice [or Juflices], that he the said G. H is guilty

*	of the said Offence charged upon him in the said Information. It 4 is therefore conlidered and adjudged by me [or us,] the said ‘ Juilice [or Juflices], that he the said G H. be convicted, and I 4 [or we] do hereby convidl him of the Offence aforesaid ; and [ [or 4 we] do hereby declare and adjudge that the said G. H hath for-

*	feited the Sum of	for	the	Offence	aforeiaid,	to

4 be distributed as the Law directs, according to tae Statute in that

*	Cafe made and provided.

4 Given, et cetera.'

CXVIL And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Continuance of That this Adi shall be and continue in force, within Great Britain, um from the Twenty-fourth Day of March, in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and seven, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March, in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and eight; and shall be and continue in foice within Ireland, from the Thirty-firil Day of March, in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and seven, until the Firil Day of April in the Year of pur Lord One thousand eight hundred and eight ; and shall be and continue in force in Jerfeyy Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, and the Islands thereto belonging t as to such Parts thereof as relate to those

Places

128

A£t, in Parr, m.iy be altered this S'fiian. caP- 540

C.32.	47® GEO. III. SefT. 1.	AD 1807.

Places respectively, from the Thirtieth Day of Abril in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hunted and seven, until the First Day of May in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and eigln ; and shall be and continue ip force within the Garrison of Gib* rahar and in His Majesty’s other Dominions, or elsewhere beyond the Seas, from the Tvvent -fourth Pay of Mar h in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and eight, until the Twenty fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thousand ei^ht hundred and nine-

CXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this A6f, so far as relates to the Allowances to be made for the quartering of Sol-diers and providing for their Horses, or for the Provision of Carriages, Horses, Boats, Barges, or other Vefiel?, and Men, may be altered and varied by any A£t or Acts to be made in this Sefiion ofParliamcnt.

SCHEDULE (A.)

FORM OF OATH.

Ido make Oath, that I am or have been (as the Case may be, \Jlate Ocupation, if any, or Jlate if of none], and to the bell of my Knowledge and Belief was born in [Jlate County, Parish, Place, €ff] a d that I am of the Age of

Years ; that I do not belong to the Militia, or to any other Regiment, or to His Majesty’s Navy or Marines, and that I will ferye His Majesty for the Period of

[phis Blank to be Jilled up by the Magtflr te with Seven Tears for Infantry, Ten Tears for Cavalry, and Twelve Tears for the Artillery, if the P erf on enlijling is of the Age of Eight en Tears or upwards ; but if under Eighteen Tears, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen to be added to such Seven, Ten, or Twelve Tears, as the Case may. be J Years, provided His Majesty should for so long require my Service ; and also for such further Term, not exceeding Six Months, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station, and not exceeding Three Years as shall be direCfed by any Proclamation of His Majesty : Provided always, that in the lattei Case the said additional Period shall determine whenever Six Months of continued Peace, to be reckoned from the Ratification of any Definitive Treaty* shall haye elapsed subsequent to the Expiration of the said [Seven, Ten? or Twelve, as the Case may be] Years.

SCHEDULE (B.)

FORM OF JUSTICE’S CERTIFICATE.

T A. B. One of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace of

(or Chief Magistrate of	)

a0 hereby certify that C. P appearing to be	Year3

Pld,	Feet	Inches	high.	Complexion,

Eyes,	hair,	came	before	me at

on the	Day	of	One	thoufand	eight	hundred

and	and	flated	himfelf	to	be	of	the	Age	of

Years, apd that he had no Rupture, and was pot troubled with Fits,

and

A.D. 1807*	470 GEO. III. SefT. 1*	C.	32*	129

and was no ways disabled by Lameness, Deafness, or otherwise, but had the perfect Use of his Limbs and Hearing, and was not an Apprentice ; and acknowledge that he had voluntarily enlisted himself for the Bounty of	to	ferve His Majesty King

George the Third, in the	Regiment of

commanded by	and	did engage to serve for

the Period of	[This	Blank to be filled up by

the Magi fir.'ite with Seven Tears for Infantry, Ten Tears for Cavalry, and Twelve Tears for the Artillery, if the Peifon enlifiing is of the Age of Eighteen Tears or upwards ; but if under Eighteen Tears, then th*

Difference between his Age and Eighteen to be added to such Seven, Teny or Twelve Tears, as the Case may be] Years, provided His Majesty should for so long require his Service ; and also for such further Period as Idis Majesty /hall please to direct, not to exceed in any Case Three Years, and to determine whenever Six Months shall have elapsed of continued Peace subsequent to the Expiration of the Term oF [Seven, or Ten, orTwdvc) Years. And I do hereby certify, That in my Presence the Third and Fourth Articles of the Second Section, and the First Article of the Sixth Session of the Articles of War'againft Mutiny and Desertion were read over to him, and that he took the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the said Articles of War, and also the Oath above fet forth ; and that he received the Sum of on being attested, and that I have given to the said C. D. a Duplicate of this Certificate, signed with my Name.

SCHEDULE (C.)

OATH OF ALLEGIANCE, 39 Geo. III. c. 109.

T A. B. being enlisted to serve, either in His Majesty’s Troops, or in the Forces of the Eafi India Company, according as His Majesty /hall think fit, do swear, That I will bear true Allegiance to our Sovereign Lord King George, and that 1 will, as in my Duty bound, defend him in His Person, Crown, and Dignity, against all His Enemies; and that so long as I /hall remain in His Majesty’s Service, I will duly observe and obey His Majesty’s Orders and the Orders of the Generals and Officers fet over me by His Majesty ; and that if His Majesty /hall please to appoint me to serve in the Forces of the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the Eafi Indies, then I swear that I will also be true to the said United Company, and will duly observe and obey all their Orders, and the Orders of their Generals and Officers who /hall be lawfully fet over me.

SCHEDULE (D.)

To

w,t- } of the Peace of

aged	Years

Inches high	Complexion,

before me at	on	the

fand eight hundred and had voluntarily enlisted himself for the Bounty of 47 Geo, III,	K

One of His Majesty’s Justices certify, That Feet

Eyes,	Hair, came?

Day of	One thou-

and acknowledged that h©

to

Hosted by

130

^•32>33*	47°	GEO.	III.	SelT.i.	A.D. 1807.

to serve either in His Majesty’s Army, or in the Forces of the East India Company, according as His Majesty shall think fit to order. And I further certify, That in my Presence, the Third and Fourth Articles of the Second Section, and the Fil'd Article of the Sixth Section of the Article's of War, against Mutiny and Desertion, were read over to him; that he took the Oath of Allegiance prescribed by the A£t of ^9 Geo. III. 0:109. t0 taken initead of the Oath of Fidelity mentioned in the said Articles of War, and also the Oath above fet forth ; and that he	received	the	Sum	of

on being attested.

SCHEDULE (E.)

FORM OF MASTER’S OATH.

*r	of	do	make Oath, That I am by

^ Trade a	and	that	was	bound	to	fe.ve	as an

Apprentice to me in the said Trade, by Indenture, dated the Day of	for	the	Term	of	Years	;	and	that	the

faid	did	on	or	about	the	Day	of

abfcond and quit my Service without my Consent, and that, to the bed of my Knowledge and Belief, the faid	is	aged	about.

Years. Witness my Hand, at	the

Day of	One thousand eight hundred and

Sworn before me at	this	7

Day of	One	thoufand	eight	>

hundred and	j

SCHEDULE (T.)

FORM OF JUSTICE’S CERTIFICATE.

7 T A. B One of His Majesty Justices of the Peace of To wit. j	certify,	That	of

came before me at	the	Day	of	One

thousand eight hundred and	and	made Oath, that he was by

Trade a	and	that	was	bound	to	ferve	as	an	Ap-

prentice to him in the same Trade by Indenture, dated the Day of	for	the	Term	of	Years;	and	that	the	faid

Apprentice did, on or about the	Day	of

abfcond and quit the Service of the faid	without	his	Con-

sent, and that to the best of his Knowledge and Belief the said Apprentice is aged about	Years.	A.	R.

CAP. XXXIII.

An AS for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Royal Marine Forces while onShore.	[23d	March	1807.]

\This A3 is Jimilar in all RefpeSs, [except the Dates) to 46 Geo. 3, c. 8.—See the References there.—Continuance of A3 in Great Britain 25th March 1808.—In Ireland sjl April 1808.]

CAP.

A,D. 1807.	47°	GEO.	III. Seff. 1,	C,	34,	35.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Adi for continuing, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eight, an Adi of the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, * for allowing, under certain Restrictions, the bringing a limited Quantity of Coals,Culm, or Cinders, to London and fVeJhmnjlery by Inland Navigation.	[23d	March 1807.]

[This A Bis the same in all Ref peels, (except the Date), as 4 6 G. 3. c. 104. by which the Act 45 G, 3. wasprevioufly continued.]

CAP. XXXV.

An Adi to secure the Payment of the Duties on Licences

granted to Persons in Ireland dealing in Exciseable Com*

modities.	[25th	Match ] B07.]

i \% j HERE AS it is expedient to make Provision for the fecur-f y-v ing the Payment of the Duties on Licences to Persons m 6 Ireland dealing in Exciseable Commodities, and engaged in the 1 several Occupations herein-after mentioned, and to regulate the ‘ granting of mch Licences in Manner herein-after mentioned d Be it therefore enabled, by the King’s moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, an Aft made in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An AB for the better Regulation of Licences to Persons :.i Ireland dealing in Exciseable Commodities, and engaged, in the several Occupations therein mentioned, /hall be, and the same is hereby repealed, except so far as may concern or relate to the prosecuting, suing for, recovering, or levying any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture for any Offence against the said Aft committed on or before the said Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven.

II, And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or for any One of them, or for any Person or Persons to be for that Purpose appointed by the said Commissioners, or by anyThree of them, to grant any Licence or Licences to any Person or Persons in Ireland, for any of the respective Purposes herein-after mentioned; that is to say.

To manufacture Tobacco in any Manner ;

To deal in unmanufaftured Tobacco, except as a Wholesale Irm porter only ;

To fell by retail, or otherwise deal in Coffee; except Importers thereof, or Persons licensed to fell Tea or Groceries ;

To manufacture Candles and Soap, or either of them for Sale ;

To manufacture Paper Hangings for Sale ;

To fell Paper Hangings not being the Manufacturer thereof;

To keep a Still or Stills to rectify or compound Spirits and Strong Waters j

K 2	Ts

*3*

* [45 G-3-c. 128.]

45 G. 3. c. 52. repealed, except as to Penalties incurred.

CertainLicences may be granted by Commiflion-ers of Excise, of Persons appointed by them.

132

A.D.i 8oy

Contents ( Licences,

€.35.	47® GEO. III. Sell. 1.

To keep a Mill or Mills for making Paper;

To brew or make for Sale any Liquor called S^veets or Made Wines ;

To make Metheglin or Mead for Sale ;

To make Vinegar for Sale ;

To fell Tea and Groceries, or either of them (including Foreign. 'Grapes, Foreign Currants, Raisins, and Figs,) by Retail;

To fell or make Gold or Silver Plate ;

To keep a Tan Yard or Tan Pit, or to tan Leather ;

To dress Hides and Skins in Oil;

To make Vellum or Parchment;

To fell Spirituous Liquors in Quantities not less than Two Galions, and not exceeding FiftyGallons ;

To fell Home-made Spirits on Commifiion or otherwise, in Quantities not less than Fifty Galions, the Person so felling not being a licensed Di[filler ;

To fell Spirits not being Home-made Spirits, on Commifiion or otherwise, in Quantities not less than Fifty Galions, the Person so felling not being an Importer of such Spirits ;

To exercise the Trade or Bulinefs of a Brazier or Worker in Brass, Tin, Copper, or other Metal, for making of Stills, Still Heads, and Worms of Stills?

To keep a Malt House and make Malt for Sale, or to be used in any Brewery or Diitiilery ;

To fell Malt, the Party felling the same not being licensed to make Malt ;

To brew Strong Beer, Porter or Ale, or Small Beer, for Sale ;

To keep a Tavern, Hotel, Club House, or Coffee House ;

To fell by Auction ;

To make Glass Bottles or other Vessels or Utensils of common Bottle Metal;

To exercise the Trade or Calling of a Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman, or other trading Person, going from Place to Place in Ire* land, and travelling either on Foot or with Horse, or other Beast of Burthen, or otherwise carrying to fell, or exposing to Sale, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, and also to travelling Tinkers, and Castors of iron and Metal, and to Persons hawking about Tea or Coffee for Sale 5

To carry on the Trade of a Coachmaker, or Maker of any Carriage chargeable with Duty ;

To carry on the Trade of felling Carriages chargeable with Duty by way of Auction or on Commifiion ;

To let to Hire any Horse for the Purpose of travelling Poll by the Mile, or from Stage to Stage ;

And that no such Licence shall be granted by any Person or Persons other than the said Commifiioneis of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any One of them, or by some Person or Persons for that Purpose appointed by the said Cornmiflioners or any Three of them ; any i hing in any Act or A6ls to the contrary notwithstanding.

III.	And be it further ena6Ied, That in all such Licences shall be contained ai d fet forth the Purpose of such Licence, the Name and Rehdence of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be granted,

with

*33

with the Date of issuing the same, and the Time for which the same shall be in force, in such Manner and Form, as may from Time to Time be for that Purpose directed by the said Commiffiotiers of Inland Excise and Taxes in^Ireland ; and the several Collegers of In- Co lienors mny land Excise and Taxes in Ireland, in their respective DiflriCts, or any deliver such other Person or Persons appointed for that Purpose by the said Licences on Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or by any Three of them, shall and may, upon the Payment of the Duty payable by ^'e Pound*" Law on such Licences, together with the further Sum of One Shilling-in the Pound on the Amount of such Duty, sign and grant such Licences, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, shall from Time to Time direCt, to the Person paying the said Duty, and the said Sum of One Shilling in the Pound thereon, without any further Fee or Reward vvhatfoever.

IV.	And be it further enabled. That every Colle&or and other CoIIeflor shall Person authorized to grant such Licences, and to receive the said account for the Sum of One Shilling in the Pound on the Amount of the Duty pay- Pcr

able in respect of such Licence as aforesaid, shall keep a feparate	^

Account thereof, and shall account for, and shall remit and pay the *'

Amount of the said Sum of One Shilling in the Pound, at the same Time, and in like Manner, as by Law such Collector or other Person ought to account for, remit, and pay the said Duty, and under such other Regulations as the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes shall from. Time to Time direCt ; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding,

V.	And be it further enacted, That the several Licences aforesaid Continuance *£ shall continue in force until the Twenty-fifth Day of March next Licences, after the Date of such Licences refpeCtively, and no longer, except

such Licences as shall be granted to Brewers, Makers of Malt, and ReCtifiers or Compounders of Spirituous Liquors, which Rail re-fpeCtively continue in force until the Twenty-ninth Day of September next after the Date thereof, and no longer.

VI.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That Persons in Part- Licences t® nership, and carrying on Trade or Business in one House or Shop Partners* only, shall not be obliged to take out more than One Licence; and

that no, one Licence which shall be granted by virtue of this Act, shall authorize any Person or Peifons to whom the same shall be granted, to deal in, make, manufacture, fell, or keep for Sale, any of the Articles or Things hereinbefore mentioned, in any other House or Place than the House or Place mentioned in fuchLicence as the House or Place wherein he. Hie, or they refpeCtively did deal iri, make, or manufacture, or fell, or keep the said respective fkrticles or Things at the Time of granting such Licence.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That every such Person afore- p^n^tv on said shall take out such respective Licence before such Person shall eJercifingTrade* deal in, make, manufacture, fell, or keep for Sale as aforesaid, or &c* «nhom expose to Sale any of the said respective Articles and Things, or beinS hesnfod carry on any Business, Prosession, Trade or Calling* for which a ‘

Licence is required ; and if any Person shall deal in, make, fell or

keep for Sale, any of the said respective Articles, or Things, or shall exercise any such Bufmess, Prosession, Trade, or Calling, without having taken out such Licence refpeCtively, and having the same in force, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

K 3	VIIL And

T34

Persons requiring to be licensed fhr,l| deliver a Note ot their Names, &c.

Penalty on forging Licences, See. 50 J.

Partners licensed shall put up Boards of their Trade ; Penalty so 1.

Brewers unliccnfed shall forfeit Utenfiis and Beer.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That every Person requiring any such Licence, shall deliver to the said Commissioners of Inland E/.cife and Taxes, or to the Person or Persons authorized to grant such Licences, a Note in Writing, setting forth his, her, or tb.eit Name or Names, and Place or Places of Abode, specifying the Hoiife or other Place, and the Situation thereof, where such Person ot Persons is or are dtfirous to be licenfed

IX.	And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall forge* alter, or counterfeit , or shall cause to be forged, altered, or counterfeited any Licence for any of the Purposes aforesaid, or shall produce or make use of, or cause to be produced or made use of as a true Licence any such forged, altered, or counterfeited Licence, or any Paper purporting to be a Licence in force and not being such Licence in force, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

X.	And be it further enacted* That every Person in Ireland who shall deal in, fell, make, or manufacture any Article, or keep any Manufactory, Place, or Thing, or exercise, or carry on any Trade, Business, or Calling, or do any Matter or Thing in this Act men* tioned, and for which a Licence is required by Law, Hi all cause to be painted on a Board, with Letters publicly vilible and legible, at least One Inch long, in White upon a Black Ground, or Black upon a White Ground, his, her, or their Name or Names Vefpeelively, at full Length and after such Names, the Words “ Licensed,” adding thereto, <f to fell,” or “ to manufacture,” or iC to deal in,” or “ to 6i brew,” or “ to make,” the Article or Thing, or “ to keep,” the Manufactory, Place, or Thing, or <£ to carry on and exercise,” tjie Trade, Business, Prosession, or Calling, on account of which the Party shall be so licensed, as the Case may require, specifying the Article, Thing, Manufactory, Place, Trade, Business, ProfeffLn, ot Calling which such Person shall by such Licence be empowered to deal in, fell, manufacture, brew, make, keep, or carry on or exercise refpeCtively, in iuch Form of Words as may from Time to Time be direCted by the said Commissioners of Inland Excite and Taxes, or any Three of them ; and such Person shall also cause the said Board to be affixed in some conspicuous Place on the Gutfide of the Front of his or her House, Shop, or Manufactory refpeCtively, not more than Three Feet from the Top of the Shop Door, or Front or Out-fi&e Door of such House or Manufactory; and every such Person shall preserve and keep up some Board so painted, during the Continuance of such Licence, or in Default of affixing such Board, or keeping the same, so affixed, every such Person shall forfeit refpeCtively, for every such Offence the Sum of Ten Pouisds.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall brew Strong Beer, Porter, or Ale, or Small Beer for Sale, without having taken out such Licence as by this Act is direCted, or without having a Licence for that Purpose of Force, every such Person or Persons besides forfeiting the Sum of Fifty Pounds as aforesaid, shall forfeit all Coppers, Vessels, Utenfiis, and Materials for brewing ; and all Foiter or Strong Beer, or Ale, or Small Beer found in the PofTeffion of such Person, shall be forfeited and may be seized by any Officer of Excise,

XII. And

135

XII.	And be It further enabled, That no Licence frail be given Bond to be

to any Person to brew Strong Beer, Porter, or Ale, or Small Beer, catered into by for Sale, unless such Person frail have first entered into a Bond to Brewers*

His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with Two sufficient Sureties in the Sum of One hundred Pounds each, to be approved of by the Person iiTuing such Licence, conditioned that such Brewer frail not use any Raw or Unmalted Corn in brewing any Beer, Porter, Ale, or Small Beer, and frail not let out to Hire or lend any Brewhouse, Brewing Pan, or Utensil for Brewing:, for the Purpose of brewing Beer, Porter, or Ale, or suffer any Person to use the Brewhoufe of such Person, or any Brewing Pan or other Utensil for brewing therein.

XIII.	And be it further enatsted, That if any Person licensed to Penalty on brew Strong Beer, Porter, or Ale, or Small Beer, for Sale, frail let Ending Brew-out to Hire or lend any Brewhouse, Brewing Pan, or Utensil for

brewing, for the Purpose of brewing Strong Beer, Porter, Ale, or ing. VcfTels Jent" Small Beer, or shall suffer any Person to use his or her Brewhouse, Hull be forfeited, or any Brewing Pan, or other Utensil for brewing therein, every and-either h'arty such Person so letting out to Hire, or lending or suffering to be used ^forming fozll any such Brewhouse, Brewing Pan, or Utensil, and the Person to be indemnified, whom the same frail be let out to Hire, or lent, or by whom the same shall be used, frail refpe<ftively forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds ; and every Brewing Pan or other Utensil which shall be so let, lent, or used, frail be forfeited, and may be seized ; and it frail and may be lawful for the Person or Persons so letting out to Hire, or lending or suffering to be used, any Brewhouse, Brewing Pan, or Utensil, or for the Person or Persons to whom the same frail be let out to Hire or lent, or who shall make use of the same, (as the Case may be) if summoned as a Witness on the Part of the Informer, (or if the Person or Persons so letting out to Hire, or lending such Brewhouse,

Brewing Pan, or Utensil, or the Person or Persons to whom the same frail be so let oat or lent, or by whom the same shall be used, frail be the Informer or Informers), to give Evidence upon the Trial of any Suit, upon any such Bond or any Information for any such Penalty or Forfeiture, and in case of Judgement upon any such Bond, or Convi&ion upon such Information, the Person or Perfon# so giving Evidence frail be discharged of and from the Penalties by him or her incurred.

XIV.	And be it further enacted. That no Licence shall be given to Hawkers ancl any Person as a Hawker, Pedlar, or Petty Chapman, or other trading Pedlars shall, Person going from Place to Place in Ireland, travelling either on Foot previous to being or with aHorfe, or other Beast of Burthen, or otherwise, carrying to

fell or exposing to Sale any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or to net's to the any travelling Tinker or Cafter of Iron and Metal, or to any Person person hawking about Tea or Coffee for Sale, unless such Hawker, Pedlar, empowered to or Petty Chapman, shall at the Time of applying for such Licence, ficense, who declare to the Person to whom such Hawker, Pedlar, or Petty Chap- {^jJ^with the man, shall apply his or her Name or Names, Age and Place or Place* Colle&or, of Abode, and also how and in what Manner such Hawker, Pedlar, or Petty Chapman intends to hawk, travel, and trade, whether on Foot or with One Horse, or how many Horses or other Beast or Beasts of Burthen ; and if any such Declaration, or any Part thereof, frail be false or untrue, the Party making the same frail forfeit the Sum of

K 4

Twenty

Hosted by

t36

C-3S*

47° GEO.III. Sefl'.i.

A.D. 1807,

G»ods carried or fold by Hawk cis 'without Licence forfeited : Penalty on not producing Licence 405.

Not to prevent Persons (except Tinkers, &c.) from felling Articles of their own Manufacture • ji*rTinker$,&c. travelling to exercise their Tracles ; nor any Person fiom felling Wool or "Woollen ; or Flax, &c. and Linen Goods.

Proof tVintGoorU are 11 ifh shall lie the Claimer.

Twenty Pounds, and the Person granting such Licence is hereby required to insert in such Licence, or to indorse thereon, the Age, Places of Abode, and particular Description of such Hawker, Pedlar, or Petty Chapman, to whom, and the Date when such Licence shall be granted; and no such Licence shall be valid, or be deemed a Licence within the Meaning of this Aft unless such Indorsement thereon, or Entry therein shall be respectively made in Manner afore-fftid ; ©r if any such Indorsement or Entry shall be made in confe-quence of any such talfe or untrue Declaration as aforesaid.

XV. And be it further enacted. That all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize in respect whereof or of any of them, any Person or Persons is or are required to take out a Licence which shall be carrying or carried about for Sale, ©r fold or exposed to Sale by any Person who shall not have a Licence, or fnall. not on Demand of any JuPcice of the Peace, or any Officer of Excise, produce a Licence in force, shall be forfeited, and maybe ieized by any such Juffice or Officer ; and if any Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman or other Peis son shall not upon Demand made by any Peace Officer, or Officer of Excise, produce or uiew immediately unto such Officer demanding the same, his or her Licence or Licences for trading in force; every iuch Hawker, Pedlar. Petty Chapman, or other Person, being thereof duly convicted before any One of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County or Place in which such. Offence shall be committed, shall forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any such Juffice of the Peace ; the same to be paid Informer, and for Non-payment thereof such Offender shall be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, for any Time not exceeding Three Weeks nor less than Ten Days.

XVT. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Aft contained shall extend to prohibit any Person or Persons (other than and except travelling Tinkers, Callers of Iron and Metal) from carrying abroad, exposing to Sale, and felling any Goods or Wares made or manufactured by him or her. or his or her Husband or Wife or Child, or Apprentice or Apprentices, Journeyman or Journeymen, Mailer or Mistress, at any public Fair, Market, or elsewhere, nor to prevent any Cooper, Glazier, Plumber, Tinker, or Harness Maker, from going about in order to exercise their proper Trades, or from carrying with him or them proper Materials for exercifiog the same ; %nor to prohibit any Person or Persons from carrying about manufactured or unmanufaftured Wool, woollen or worsted Goods^ or from exposing the same to Sale in any Fair, Market or other Place ; nor to prohibit or re ft rain any Person or Peri©ns from felling or exposing to Sale, in any Place or Places whatsoever, any Flax, Tow, Hemp, Flaxen Yarn, or Thread, or any Manufacture or Article made in Ireland, of flax or of Cotton, or of both or either mixed or unmixed, so as such Person or Persons shall not at the same Time carry or expose to Sale any other Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, other than fuel} as they are hereby allowed to carry and expose to Sale respectively.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Question shall arise, whether any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, seized by virtue of this Aft; are of the Growth or Manufacture of Ireland, the Proof that /	‘	’	they

A.D.1807.

470 GEO. Ill, Seff.i.

c 35-

137

they were of such Growth or Manufacture, shall be upon the Owner or Clairner of such Goods, and not on the Officer who shall ieizje the same.

XVIIL Provided also, and be it enabled, That this Act, or any A# Oinll not Thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, prejudice to give any Power for licensing any Hawker or Pedlar, or Petty Corporations. Chapman, to fell or expose to Sale any Wares or Merchandize in any City, Borough, Town Corporate, or Market Town in Ireland, otherwise than such Plawker, Pedlar, or Petty Chapman, might have done before the pafiiug of this Abl ; any Thing herein contained tq the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX, And be it further enabled, That all Persons who shall convey Persons felling Goods, Wares, or Merchandize in refpebt whereof. Hawkers, Pedlars, elk where than or Petty Chapmen, would, under the Provibons of this Abl, require to be licensed, and fell and expose the same in Shops, Rooms, Ware-	d	**

houses, or other Places, in Cities, Towns, and Places, Avhere they are Hawkers, not usually resident, and all Persons who shall carry and convey such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize to publick Streets and Places, in the Cities, Towns Corporate, and other Places in Ireland, where they refpeblively relide, not adjoining to their Dwelling Plouses, or other Apartments, and fell and expose the same to Sale, upon Stalls, Stands,

Sheds, Booths, Bulks, or other places ; and also Persons under the Denomination of Leather Seliers, or Leather Cutters,, who hawk about from Town to Town, or fell or expose in Cities or Towns Corporate, and in Fairs, Markets, or other Places, any Parcel or Parcels of Leather in Booths, Stalls, Standings, or otherwise ; and all Persons who shall in any Place in Irel:n:!> except in the. City of Dublin, or within Five Miles thereof, hawk about old Clothes, or fell or expose to Sale old Clothes, in any Stall, Shed, Booth, Shop, or other Place, shall be deemed Hawkers, Pedlars, or Petty Chapmen, and shall be lubjcbl and liable to all and every the Provisions, Penalties, and Forfeitures by Law enabled, or to be enabled, refpebling Hawkers, Pedlars, or Potty Chapmen.

XX.	And be it further enabled. That every Hawker, Pedlar, or Separate Petty Chapman shall take out a separate and diflinbl Licence for Licences for each and every Person who shall be emploved, whether Servant or ^^and Hjifk other Person in Company or otherwise with such Hawker, Pedlar, or Petty Chapman to carry any Boxes, Bundles, or Parcels of Goods,

Wares, or Merchandize, separate or diflinbl for the Purposes of felling or trading with the same ; and also that every Hawker, Pedlar, or petty Chapman, fubjebt to a Licence for an Horse, or Beall: or Bealls of Burthen, shall take out and pay for a separate and diflinbl Horie-Licence for each Horse or Beall of Burthen, and every Person, whether Servant or otherwise, for whom a separate and diflinbi Foot Licence shall not be taken out in Manner aforesaid ; and every Hawker, Pedlar, and Petty Chapman who shall ’mot take out a separate Horfe-Licence for each and every Horse or Beast of Burthen which he or she shall make life of or drive, shall be fubjebl and liable to all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures by this Abl inflicted upon Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and others trading without Licence.	Travel leys with

XXL Provided always, and be it enabled, That no Person who Metal Goods shall carry about any Pots or Griddles made of Call Iron or Cast liable to only Metal, or fit all expose the lame to Sale in any Fair, Market, or 4cs-^uiy,.

■	r	'	•	i	,	though	having

otner mr,rc t^an One

Hoi le.

Hosted by

*3?

Each Foot Licence shall extend only to I Cwt. and Horse Licence eoS Cwr.

penalty on lending Licence, Forfeiture of Licence and Goods.

Bond of Parties licensed to fell Spirits in any Quantities of Two Gallons and upwards.

C. 35*	47* GEO. HI. SelT. i.	A.D.	1807.

other Place, so as such Person shall not at the same Time carry or expose to sale, other Goods, Wares, or Merchandize than such Pots and Griddles shall be fubjerit for his or her Licence to a greater or higher Duty than Forty Shillings, though such Person or Persons shall or may travel with One or more Plorfe or Horses, or other Beast or Beasts ol Burthen.

XXII.	And be it further enacted, That no more Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall by virtue of this Ail be hawked about for Sale as aforesaid, than One hundred Weight for each Foot Licence, nor than Eight hundred Weight for each Horse or other Beall of Burthen Licence, including the Packages or Boxes in which such Goods may be so earned refpeilively, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding ; and that if any Person shall respectively carry or cause to be earned more than the foregoing respective Weights, such Person shall forfeit for each Hundred Weight exceeding the above, the Sum or Twenty-eight Shillings, and so in Proportion for any lesser Quantity.

XXIII.	And be it further enabled, That if any Licence to any Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman, or other trading Person, /hall be lent to any Person, or be used by any Person other than the Person to whom the same shall be granted, such Licence from thenceforth shall be void and of no E£Fe£t ; and all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize found in the Possession of the Person using the same shall be forfeited., and may be seized by any Justice of the Peace or any Officer of Excise.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That no Licence /hall be granted by any Person to fell Spirituous Liquors in any Quantities whatever not less than Two Galions, unless the Person applying for the same shall have entered into Security by Bond, to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, with Two sufficient Sureties in the Sum of Two hundred and fifty Pound? each, in case such Person shall be licensed to fell in Quantities not less than Fifty Galions; and in the Sum of Two hundred Pounds with Two sufficient Sureties in the Sum of One hundred Pounds each, in case such Person shall be licensed to fell in Quantities not more than Fifty Galions, which Sureties refperitively shall be approved of by the Person granting such Licence, and which Bond, the Person granting such Licence is hereby empowered to take for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, conditioned that the Party so to be licensed shall not fell or deliver out any Spirituous Liquors in any Quantity at One Time less than Two Gallons or in any Quantity greater than that in^which the said Party shall be licensed and authorized to fell, and that such Person so to be licensed shall not fell any Liquors to be used or consumed in his or her House or Premises, and that such Person so to be licensed fiall not knowingly receive or fell, or permit or suffer to be received or fold, for his or her Use or Benefit, Account or Profit, any Spirits, the full Duties chargeable whereon have not been paid, or which /hall not have been duly and legally permitted and attended with proper Permits to him or her, and that such Person so to be licensed Shall not nor will knowingly fell or deliver any Spirits to any Person felling Spirits by Retail, unless such Person shall be duly licensed thereto : Provided always, that no Per-ion shall be received as a Surety in any such Bond, unless he /hall

prove

AD. 1807.

47® GEO. III. Seff.i.

C-35*

i39

prove upon Oath to the Satisfadlion of the Party granting fuchLicence, that he is an Householder, and worth the Sum in which he fnall be Surety, above all his just Debts.

XXV.	And be it further enabled, That if any Person in Ireland, P^alty on Per*

except a licensed Retailer, shall fell any Spirits in any Quantity iefs J°ns	***

than Two Galions, or if any Person in 1 eland except a licensed Dif- ^

tiller, or a Person licensed to fell Spirits in Quantities not less than their Licence -Fifty Galions, shall fell any Spirits in any Quantify greater than Fifty allows.

Galions, such Person fhaH forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXVI.	And be it further enabled, That if any Person licensed to fell Peo*3ties on

„	T	.	.	,	n	n	1 *i	•	rerfons licenfed

Spirituous Liquors m any Quantities whatever, shall knowingly receive to fei| Spinta

or fell, or permit or suffer to be received or fold, for his or her Use or felling Spirits

Benefit, Account, or Profit, or in his or her House or Premises, any nof having paid

Spirits, the full Duties chargeable whereon shall not have been paid, or DutY> -

8	-	-	-	1	-	iol and forfei-

ture of Licence.

which shall not have been duly and legally permitted and attended with proper Per mits, such Person shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, and any Licence before such Time granted to such Person, shall, upon Con-vidtion for such Offence, become absolutely void and null; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Inland E.vcife and Taxes, to cause to be inferred in the Dublin Gazette, and in such Proving cial Papers in Ireland as they shall think proper. Notice of the Penalties inflicted for such Offence by this Act ; and also from Time to Time to cause to be inserted in such Gazette and Provincial Papers the Name and Names of all Parties whole Licences shall have become void in consequence of any such Conviction ; and if any Person so licensed shall fell any Spirituous Liquors after such Licence shall have become void in Manner aforesaid, such Person shall be liable to all such Penalties and Forfeitures as are by Law inflicted on Persons felling Spirituous Liquors without Licence.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted. That if any Person, not being a licensed Retailer, shall fell any Spirituous Liquors, to be used or con-fumed in his or her House or Premises, every such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act, or any other Act or Acts, shall extend to permit any Maltfler or Maker of Malt in Ireland, to fell any Malt not actually made by him-self, without having iirft taken out such Licence as is required by Law to be taken out by Persons to fell Malt, by Persons not being licensed to make Malt; and any Maltfler or Maker of Malt, who shall fell any Malt contrary to the Provisions of this Adi, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted, That all and every the Fines, Recovery of Penalties, and Forfeitures, inflicted by this Adi, shall be paid in British I>enal”€S‘ Currency, and shall, except in such Cases as are herein otherwil'e provided for, be raised, levied, collected, paid, sued for, recovered, and

applied in the same Manner, and under such Powers and xAuthotities, and by such Ways and Methods, and according to such Rules and Directions, as are appointed, directed, and exprefied, for the railing, colledling, levying, paying, and managing the Duties payable on Goods,

Wares, and Merchandize in Ireland, in and by an Adi made in Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Ma^ jefty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the settling the Ex*

11	cife

Penalty Oh Wholesale Dealers felling by Retail, 50I.

Maltfters shall fell no Malt but their own, with* out Licence.

14, 15 Car*

c. S.

H*	C. 35,36.	47#	GEO. IIL SeC 1.	A.D.	1807..

cife or new Iinpoft upon His Majesty, His Heirs and Succejfors, according' to the Booh of Rates therein infer led, or in and by an Act, made in the ^Geo.j. c.rok Forty-fix th Year of His. present Majesty’s Reign, intituled. An Act to provide for the letter Execution of the fever al Aids relating to the Re-■venues, Matters, and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Cujloms and Port Duties, and of the Commiff oners of Inland Excifr and Taxes in Ireland, or in and by any other AH in force in Ireland> relating to the Revenue of Customs and Excise, or efcher of them, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were herein exp re lied andenaHed, with the like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party or Parties aggrieved, as in and by the said recited AH„ made in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of Hi& said: late MajePcy King; Charles the Second, or in any other AH or AH& as aforesaid is provided.

s<r AH may be altered this Session, § 30..

Fi"->i'7i. KS'ay if

u 6 o 7, t h c A1" i csi rv Sii i v.G ■ Trade

HJyU he aiAttJaikjcd.

FcwVHy For

snaGiuTg in or

ipii renting

Slaves &.c.tooL &ur each Slave.

CAP. XXXVI

An AH for the Abolition of the Slave Trade.

[25th March 1807.I

*	7	E RE AS	the Two Houses of Parliament did, by their Re-

4 VV solutions of the Tenth and Twenty fourth Hays of duns 4 One thou land eight hundred and fix, several ly resolve, upon certain 4 Grounds therein- mentioned, that they would, with all praHieabLs-4 Expedition, take effeH.ua! Measures for the Abolition of the African 4 Slave Trade, in such Mimer, and at such Period as might be deemed *■ advifeable And Whereas it is fit upon all and each of the Grounds ‘ mentioned in the said Resolutions, that the same fho-uld be forth-4 with abolilhed and prohibited, and declared to be unlawful ;* be it therefore enaHed by the King’s moll Excellent Majesty. by and with the Advice and Content of tile JLoids Spiritual and Temp ora-, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the-Firft Day of May One thou fund eight hundred and seven, the African Slave Trade, and all and all manner of dealing and trading ki the Purc-hale, Sale, Barter, or Trans-, fer of Slaves-, or of Persons intended to be fold, transferred, used, or dealt with as Slaves, praHifcd or carried on, in, at, to or from any Part of the Coa?ft or Countries of Africa, shall be, and the same is-hereby utterly abolilhed, prohibited, and declared to be unlawful; and also that all and all manner of dealing, either by way of Pure hale.

Sale, Barter, or Transfer, or by means of any other ContraH Agreement whatever, relating- to any Slaves, or to any Persons. intended to be used or dealt with as Slaves, for the Pu-rpofe ol such Slaves or Persons being removed or t ran [ported either immediately or by Tranfhipment at Sea or otherwise, dire HI v or indireHly from Africa, or from any I hand, Country, Territory, or Place whatever, in the West Indies, or in any other Part of America., not being in the Dominion^ Pofieffsore, or Occupation of His Majesty, to any other IOand, Country* Territory or Place whatever, is hereby in like Manner utterly ab®-lished, prohibited, and declared to be unlawful; and if any of His Ma-jeity’s Subjects, or any Person or Persons resident within this United Kingdom, or any of the Elands, Coionics, Dominions, or Territories thereto belonging, or in His Majeity's Occupation or Pollen!on, shall

frana

A.D. 1B07.

47® GEO. III. vSefT. io

C-3&

141

VefTris fitted^ in this K>gecim for the

&c. for carry ntf

from and after the Day aforesaid, by him -or themselves, or by his or their Factors or Agents or -otherwife howsoever, deal or trade in, purchase, fell, barter, or transfer, or contract or agree for the dealing or trading in., pur-chasing, felling, bartering, or transferring of any Slave or Slaves, or any Person or Persons intended to be fold, transferred, used, or dealt with as a Slave or Slaves contrary to the Prohibitions of this Aft, he or they so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such -Offence the Sum -of One hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain for each and every Slave so purchased, fold, bartered, or transferred, or contracted or agreed for as aforesaid, the One Moiety thereof to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffo-rs,and the other Moiety to the Use of any Person who shall inform, sue, and prosecute for the same*

II.	And be it further enabled, That from and after the Taid First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and seven, it shall be unlawful for any of His Majefcy’s Subjects, or any Person or Persons refiderrt within this United Kingdom, or any of the Istands, Coionics, on the S'-ave Dominions, or Territories thereto belonging, or in His Majesty’s Trade shall. be Pofiefiion or Occupation, toft out, man, or navigate, or to procure 10!teiUe"

to be fitted out, manned, -or navigated, or to be concerned in the fitting out, manning, or navigating, or in the procuring to be fitted out, manned, or navigated, any Ship or vefTel for the Purpose of af-fifting in, or being employed in the carrying on of the African Slave Trade, or in any other the Dealing, Tracting, or Concerns hereby prohibited and declared to be unlawful, and every Ship or VeiTel which.

Shall, from and after the Day aforesaid, be fitted out, manned, navigated, used, or employed by any such Subject or Subjects, Person or Persons, or on his or their Account, or by his or their Afiiftance or Procurement for any of the Purposes aforesaid, and by this Abt prohibited, together with all her Boats, Guns, Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, shall become forfeited, and may and shall be seized and profe-cuted as herein-aftcr is mentioned and provided.

III.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Firll Day of May One thousand eight hundred and seven, it shall be unlawful for any of His Majesty’s Subjebls, or any Person or Persons relident Slaves {Lhafrhv in this United Kingdom, or in any of the Coionics, Territories, or ants of Africa, Dominions thereunto belonging, or in His Majesty’s Pofiefiion or Oc- the

•	,	00	'	j	j	or America,

cupation, to carry away or remove, or knowingly and wilfully to procure, aid, or assist in the carrying away or removing, as Slaves, or for the Purpose of being fold, transferred, used, or dealt with as Slaves, any of the Subjedlsor Inhabitants of Africa, or of any Istand, Country,

Territory, or Place in the V/fi Indies, or any other Part of America whatsoever, not being in the Dominion, Pofiefiion, or Occupation of His Majesty, either immediately or by Tranfhipment at Sea or other-wife, direCtly or indirectly from Africa, or from any such Istand,

Country, Territory, or Place as aforesaid, to any other Istand, Country., Territory, or Place whatever, and that it shall also be unlawful for any of His Majesty’s SubjeCls, or any Person or Persons resident in” this United Kingdom, or in any of the Coionics, Territories, or Dominions thereunto belonging, or in His Majesty’s PofTefiion or Occupation, knowingly and wilfully to receive, detain, or confine on board,

. or to be aiding, afiisting, or concerned in the receiving, detaining, or confining on board of any Ship or VeiTel whatever; any such Subject or 6	Inhabitant

Perfoirs ■prdifl* bited Irom can yin g a-s

from one Place to another, or being concerned in receiving them, &c,.

Viffels employed in such RemovJ, &c- to be forfeited, as also the P> opei ty m Ebc Skaves*

Owners, &c. ih;»Il forfeit 100I. lor ccch Slave.

Subjects of Africa, &c. unlawfully carried away and imported into any Bririfh Colony, &c. as Slaves, shall be forfeited to His Majesty.

C. 36.	GEO.	III. Self. i.	A.D.	1807.

Inhabitant as aforesaid, for the Purpose of his or her being so carried away or removed as aforesaid or of his or her being* fold, transferred* tiled, or dealt with as a Slave, in any Place or Country whatever 5 and if any Subject or Inhabitant, Subje&s or Inhabitants of Africa, or of any Istand, Country, Territory, or Place in the Wefi Indies or America, not being in the Dominion, Pofsession, or Occupation of Plis Majesty, fnall from and after the Day aforesaid, be so unlawfully carried away or removed, detained, confined, transhipped, or received on board of any Ship or VelTel belonging in the Whole or in Part to, or employed by any Subjebl of His Majesty, or Person residing in His Majesty’s. Dominions or Coionics,' or any Territory belonging to or in the Occupation of His Majesty, for any of the unlawful Purposes aforesaid, contrary to the Force and Effebl, true Intent and Meaning of the Prohibitions in this Ait contained, every such Ship or Vessel in, which any such Perion or Persons shall be so unlawfully carried away or removed, detained, confined, transhipped, or received on board for any of the said unlawful Purposes, together with all her Boats, Guns, Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, lliall be forfeited, and all Property or pretended Property in any Slaves or Natives of Africa so unlawfully carried away or removed, detained, confined, tranfhipped or received on board, shall also be forfeited, and the same respectively shall and may be seized and prosecuted as herein-after is mentioned and provided ; and every Subject of His Majesty, or Person resident within this United Kingdom, or any of the Island*, Coionics, Dominions, or Territories thereto belonging, or in His Majesty’s Poffeftion or Occupation, who shall, as Owner, Part Owner, Freighter or Shipper, Fa&or or Agent, Captain, Mate, Supercargo, or Surgeon, so unlawfully carry away, or remove, detain, confine, tranftiip, or receive on board, or bp-aiding or a (lifting in the carrying away, removing, detaining, confining, transhipping, or receiving on board, for any of the unlawful Purposes aforesaid, any such Subject or Inhabitant of Africa, or of any Istand, Country, Territory, or Place, not being in the Dominion, Pofsession, or Occupation of His Majesty, shall forfeit and pay for each and every Slave or Person fp unlawfully carried away, removed, detained, confined, transhipped, or received on board, the Sum of One hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, One Moiety thereof to the Use of His Majesty, and the other Moiety to the Use of any Person who shall inform, sue, and prosecute for the same.

IV,	And be it further enabled, That if any Subjebl or Inhabitant* Subjects or Inhabitants of Africa, or of any Istand, Country, Territory, or Place, not being in the Dominion, Pofsession, or Occupation of His Majesty, who shall, at any Time from and after the Day aforesaid, have been unlawfully carried away or removed from Africa, or from any Istand, Country, Territory, or Place in the JVeJi Indies or America, not being in the Dominion, Pofsession, or Occupation of His Majesty, contrary to any of the Prohibitions or Provisions in this Abl contained, shall be imported or brought into any Istand, Colony, Plantation, or Territory, in the Dominion, Pofsession, or Occupation of His Majesty, and there fold or disposed of as a Slave; or Slaves, or placed, detained, or kept in a State of Slavery, such Subjebl or In« habitant, Subjects or Inhabitants, so unlawfully carried away, or removed and imported, shall and may be seized and prosecuted, as forfeited to His Majesty, by such Person or Persons, in such Courts, and

A.D.1807.	47s	GEO. III. Seff.i.	C.36.	i4j

in such Manner and Form, as any Goods or Merchandize unlawfully imported into the same Istand, Colony, Plantation, or Territory, may now be seized and prosecuted therein by virtue of any A£t or A£is of Parliament now in force for regulating the Navigation and Trade of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations, and shall and naay, after hi# or their Condemnation, be disposed of in Manner herein-after mentioned and provided.

V.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the said First Day of may One Thousand eight hundred and seven, all Insurances whatsoever to be effected upon or in respect to any of the tracting, dealing, carrying, removing, trans-shipping, or other Transactions by this Act prohibited, shall be also prohibited and declared to be unlawful; and if any of His Majesty's Subject's, or any Person or Persons resident within this United Kingdom, or within any of the Islands, Coionics, Dominions, or Territories thereunto belonging, or in His Majesty's Possession or Occupation, shall knowingly and willfully subscribe, efsect, or make, or cause or procure to be subscribed, effected, or made, any such unlawful Insurances or Insurance, he or they shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds for every such Insurance, and also Treble the Amount paid or agreed to be paid as the Premium of any such Insurance, the One Moiety thereof to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Use of any Person who shall inform, sue, and prosecute for the same.

VI.	Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to prohibit or render unlawful the dealing or trading in the Purchase, Sale, barter, or Transfer, or the carrying away or removing for the Purpose of being sold, transferred, used, or dealt with as Slaves, or the detaining or confining for the Purpose of being so carried away or removed, of any Slaves which shall be exported, carried, or removed from Africa, in any Ship or Vessel which, on or before the said First Day of may One thousand eight hundred and seven, shall have been lawfully cleared out from Great Britain according to the Law now in force for regulating the carrying of Slaves from Africa, or to prohibit or render unlawful the manning or navigating any such Ship or Vessel, or to make void any Insurance thereon, so as the Slaves to be carried therein shall be finally landed in the West Indies on or before the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, unless prevented by Capture, the Loss of the Vessel, by the Appearance of an Enemy upon the Coast, or other unavoidable Necessity, the Proof whereof shall lie upon the Coast, or other unavoidable Necessity, the proof whereof shall lie upon the Party charged; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII.	‘ And Whereas it may happen, That during the present or Slaves taken a*

*	future Wars, Ships or Vessels maybe seized or detained as Prize, on ^lze °I War, of.

*	board whereof Slaves or Natives of Africa, carried and detained as Forfeitures shall

*	Slaves, being the Property of His Majesty’s Enemies, or otherwise be condemned

*	liable to Condemnation as Prize of War, may be taken or found, and as Prize, or

*	it is necessary to direct in what Manner such Slaves or Natives of forfeited to the

*	Africa shall be hereafter treated and disposed of: And Whereas it is

*	alfo necessary to direct and provide for the Treatment and Disposal of p«tUng an End

*	any Slaves or Natives of Africa carried, removed, treated or dealt to their Slavery,

*	with as Slaves, who shall be unlawfully carried away or removed con- and may be

*	trary to the Prohibitions aforesaid, or any of them, and shall be after- c«Uftcd, &c,

4 wards found ou board any Ship or Vessel liable to Seizure under this

« Act,

►

Certain Bounties lha;| he paid tor such Slaves to the Optors, as Head Money is paid under 45 G.3. c. 72,

4 Atl, or any other Act of Parliament made for refraining- or pro-* hibiting the African Slave Trade, or shall be elsewhere lawfully seized € as forfeited under this or any other such A 61 of Parliament as afore-< said ; and it is expedient to encoui'age the Captors, Seizors, and 4 Prosecutors thereoff Be it therefore further ena6led, That all Slaves and all Natives of Africa, treated, dealt with, carried, kept or detained as Slaves, which fnall at any Time from and after the said First Day of May next be seized or taken as Prize of War, orliable to Forfeiture, under this or any other Adi of Parliament made for refraining or prohibiting the African Slave Trade, shall and may, for the Purposes only of Seizure, Prosecution, and Condemnation as Prize or as Forfeitures, be considered, treated, taken, and adjudged as Slaves and Property, in the same Manner as Negro Slaves have been heretofore ' conlidered, treated, taken, and adjudged, when seized as Prize of War, or as forfeited for any Offence against the .Laws of Trade and Navigation re-lpedlively; but the same shall be condemned as Prize of War, or as forfeited to the foie Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for the Purpose only of diveiling and barring all other Property, Right, Title, or Interest whatever, which before existed, or might afterwards be fet up or claimed in or to such Slaves or Natives of Africa so seized, prolecuted, and condemned; and the lame nevertheless shall in no case be liable to be fold, disposed of, treated or dealt with as Slaves, by or on the Part of His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeifors, or by or on the Part of any Person or Persons claiming or to claim from, by, or under His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or under or by force of any such Sentence of Condemnation : Provided always, that it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and such Officers, Civil or Military, as shall, by any general or special Order of the King in Council, be from Time to Time appointed and empowered to receive, protect, and provide for such Natives of Africa as shall be so condemned, either to enter and enlifl the same, or any of them, into His Majeity’s Land or Sea Service, as Soldiers, Seamen, or Marines, or to bind the same, or any of them, whether of full Age or not, as Apprentices, for any Term not exceeding Fourteen Years, to such Person or Persons, in such Place or Places, and upon such Terms and Conditions, and fubjedh to such Regulations, as to His Majesty shall seem meet, and as shall by any general or special Order of His Majesty in Council be in that Behalf directed and appointed ; and any Indenture of Apprenticeship duly made and executed, by any Person or Persons to be for that Purpose appointed by any such Order in Council, for any Term not exceeding Fourteen Years, shall be of the same Force and EfFe£t as if the Party thereby bound as an Apprentice had himself or herself, when of full Age upon good Consideration, duly executed the same ; and every such Native of Africa who shall be fi> enlillcd or entered as aforesaid into any of His Majesty’s Land or Sea Forces as a Soldier, Seaman, or Marine, shall be considered, treated, and dealt with in all Respects as if he had voluntarily so enlifled of entered himself.

VIII.	Provided alfo> and be it further enabled, That where any Slaves or Natives of Africa, taken as Prize of War by any of His Majesty’s Ships of War, or Privateers duly commissioned, shall be finally condemned as such to His Majesty’s Use as aforesaid, there shall be paid to the Captors thereof by the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, in like Manner as the Bounty called Head Money is now paid by virtue

A.D.1807.

47

GEO. III. Seff. 1.

C.36.

MS

of an Abl of Parliament, made in the Forty-fifth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled. An Act for the Encouragement of Seameny and for the letter and more effectually manning His MajeJlyf*s Navy during the prefeht lVary such Bounty as His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, /hall have direbled by any Order in Council, so as the same shall not exceed the Sum of Forty Pounds lawful Money of Great Brit fin for every Man, or Thirty Pounds of like Money for every Woman, or Ten Pounds of like Money for every Child or Person not above Fourteen Years old, that shall be so taken and condemned, and (hail be delivered over in good Health to the proper Officer or Officers, Civil or Military, so appointed as aforesaid to receive, protebl, and provide for the same ; which Bounties shall be divided amongst the Officers, Seamen, Marines, and Soldiers on board His Majesty’s Ships of War, or hired armed Ships, in Manner, Form, and Proportion, as by His Majesty’s Proclamation for granting the Distribution of Prizes already issued, or to be issued for that Purpose is or shall be direbled and appointed, and amongst the Owners, Officers, and Seamen of any private Ship or Vessel of War, in such Manner and Proportion as, by an Agreement in Writing that they shall have entered into for that Purpose, shall be directed.

IX.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That in order to entitle the Captors to receive the said Bounty Money, the Numbers of men, Women, and Children, so taken, condemned, and delivered over, shall be proved to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, by producing, instead of the Oaths and Certificates prescribed by the said Act as to Head Money, a Copy, duly certified, of the Sentence or Decree of Condemnation, whereby the Numbers of men, Women, and Children, so taken and condemned, shall appear to have been distinctly proved; and also, by producing a Certificate under the Hand of the said Officer or Officers, Military or Civil, so appointed as aforesaid, and to whom the same shall have been delivered, acknowledging that he or they hath or have received the same, to be disposed of according to His Majesty's Instructions and regulations as aforesaid.

X.	Provided also, and be it further enabled, That in any Cases in which Doubts shall arise whether the party or parties claiming such Bounty Money is or are entitled thereto, the same shall be summarily determined by the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, or by the Judge of any Court of Admiralty in which the prize shall have been adjudged, subject nevertheless to an Appeal to the lord Commissioners of Appeals in Prize Causes.

XI Provided also, and be it further enabled. That on the Condemnation to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in Manner aforesaid, of any Slaves or Natives of Africa, seized and prosecuted as forfeited for any Offence against this Abl, or any other Abl of Parliament made for restraining or prohibiting the African Slave Trade (except in the Case of Seizures made at Sea by the Commanders or Officers of His Majesty’s Ships or VefTels of War) there shall be paid to and to the Use of the Person who shall have sued, informed, and prosecuted the same to Condemnation, the Sums of Thirteen Pounds lawful Money aforesaid for every Man, of Ten Pounds like Money for every Woman, and of Three Pounds like Money for every Child or Person under the Age of Fourteen Years, that shall be so condemned and delivered over in good Health to the said Civil or Military Officer so to be appointed to receive, protebi, and provide for the same, 47 Geo. III.	L	a.nd

C-'ri i h cates entitle I®

Bo

ainy.

Claim to Bounty 'C U *■>“ cletcr-nod by the Juflg, of Admit ally.

On condemnation of Forfeitures of Slaves for Oitences again it this Act, there shall be paid to the Prosecutor 1 p. for a Man, 10L fora Woman,

'' 11 d 3I. for a

Child, &c.

*4<5	C	36.	47°G'IO.	III.	..	Seff.i.	A.D.1807.

Cminlerfeiting-Certificates Felony vyilhout Clergy.

Recovery and Application of Rena!ties and

forfeitures.

and alio the like Sums to and to the Use of the Governor or Commander in Chief df any Colony cr Plantation wherein such Seizure' shall have been made ; but in Cases of any such Seizures made at Sen by the Commanders or O dicers of His Maj city’s Ships or Veil els of War, for Forfeiture under this A<51, or any other Adi of Parliament made for reilraming or prohibiting the African Slave Trade, there shall be paid to the Commander or Officer who shall so seize, inform, and profeeute, for every Man so condemned and delivered over, the Sum of Twenty Pounds like Monty, for every Woman the Sum of Fifteen Pounds like Money, and for every Child or Person under the Age of Fourteen Years the Sum of Five Pounds like Money, fubjebb nevertheleis to inch Distribution of the said Bounties or Rewards for the said Seizures made at Sea as His Majesty, His Heirs and Succef-iors, Shall think fit to order and direbt by any Order in Council made for that Purpose; for all which Payments io to be made as Bounties or Rewards upon Seizures and Profecuticns for Offences again 11 this Adi, or any other Adi of Parliament made for restraining or abolishing the African Slave Trade, the Officer or Officers, Civil or Military, so to be appointed as aforesaid to receive, protect, and provide for such Slaves or Natives of Africa io to be condemned and delivered over, shall, after the Condemnation and Receipt thereof as aforesaid, grant Certificates in favour of the Governor and Party seizing, informing, and prosecuting as aforesaid refpeblively, or the latter alone (as the Case may be) addressed to the Lords Commiiiioners of His Majesty’s Treasury; who, upon the Production to them of any such Certificate, and of an authentic Copy, duly certified, of the Sentence of Condemnation of the said Slaves or Africans to His Majesty’s Use as aforesaid, and also of a Receipt under the Hand of such Officer or O fficers so appointed as aforesaid, Specifying that Inch Slaves or Africans have,by him or them been received in good Health as aforesaid, shall direbt Payment to be made from and out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain of the Amount of the Monies specified in such Certificate, to the lawful Holders cf the same, or the Persons entitled to the Benefit thereof refpeblively.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully and fraudulently forge or counterfeit any such Certificate, Copy of Sentence of Condemnation, or Receipt as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, or shall knowingly and wilfully utter or publish the same, knowing it to be forged or counterfeited, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffiors, or any other Person or Persons whatever, the Party so offending shall, on Conviction, suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XIII.	And be it further enabled, That the several Pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures imposed and inflicted by this Adi, fnall and maybe sued for, prosecuted, and recovered in any Court of Record in Great Britain, or in any Court of Record or Vice Admiralty in any Part of Plis Majesty’s Dominions wherein the Offence was committed, or where the Offender may be found after the Commifiion of such Offence ; and that in all Cases of Seizure of any Ships, Vessels, Slaves or pretended Slaves, Goods or Effects, for any Forfeiture under this Abt, the same shall and may refpeblively be sued for, prosecuted and recovered in any Court of Record in Great Britain, or in any Court of Record or Vice Admiralty in any Part off His Majesty’s Dominions in or neared to which inch Seizures may be made, or to which, such Ships

'	or

H7

A. D. 1807.	47° GEO. III. SefE x.	C.	36.

or Vessels, Slaves or pretended Slaves, Goods or EffeCts (if seized at Sea or without the Limits of any British JurifdiCrion) may moil conveniently be* carried for Trial; and all the said Penalties and Forfeitures, whether pecuniary or fpeciftc (unlefs where it is expressly other-wife provided for by this Aft) shall go and belong to such Person and Persons in such Shares and Proportions, and shall and may be filed for and prosecuted, tried, recovered, diftrihuted, and applied in such and the like Manner and by the same Ways and Means, and subject to the same Rules and Directions, as any Penalties or Forfeitures incurred in Great Britain, and in the British Colonies or Plantations in America respectively, by force of any Act of Parliament relating to the Trade and Revenues of the said British Colonies or Plantations in America, now go and belong to, and may now be sued for, prolecuted, tried, recovered, distributed and applied respectively in Great Britain or in the said Colonies or Plantations respectively, under and by virtue of a certain Act of Parliament made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting certain Duties in the British Colonies and 4G, 3. c. t t. Plantations in America ; for continuing, amending, and making perpetual an Aft pafed in the Sixth Tear of the Reign of His late Majesty, King George the Second, intituled, ‘ an%Acl- for the better fscaring and encouraging 6 the Trade of His Majesty’s Sugar Colonics in America; for applying the 6 Produce of such Duties to arise by virtue of the said Aft towards defraying ‘ the Expences of defending, protecting, andfecuring the said Colonies and * Plantations ; for explaining an Aft made in the Twenty-fifth Tear of the 6 Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, <c An Act for the Eneou-c( ragement of the Greenland and Eastland Trades, and for the better <c securing the Plantation Trade, and for altering and dfallowing several . ic Drawbacks on Exports from this Kingdom, and more effectually pre-66 renting the clandejline Conveyance of G.ods to and from the [aid Colonies iC and Plantations? and improving and securing the Trade between the 66 same and Great Britain.M

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That all Ships and Vessels, Slaves Seizures mav be

or Natives of Africa, carried, conveyed, or dealt with as Slaves, and made by Officers all other Goods and EffeCts that shall or may become forfeited for	,y

any Offence committed against this Act, shall and may be seized by ‘L ‘ }

any Officer of His Majesty s Customs or Excise, or by the Commanders or Officers of any of Plis Majesty 7s Ships or Vessels of War, who, in making and prosecuting any such Seizures, shall have the Benefit of all the Provisions made by the said Act of the Fourth Year of HE present Majesty, or any other Aft’of Parliament made for the Protection of Officers seizing and prosecuting for any Offence against the said Aft, or any other A Cl of Parliament relating to the Trade and

' Revenues of the British Colonies or Plantations m America.

XV. And be it further enabled, That all Offences committed Offence* tiuM* against this. Aft may be inquired of, tried, determined, and dealt as if wmmitu-a with as Mifdemean'ors, as if the same had been respectively committed ln

" within the Body of the County of . Middlesex.

XVI.	iVovided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and Hi? Majesty may

may be lawful for His Majesty in Council, from Time to Time to make iiegula-^ make such Orders and Regulations for the future Disposal and Sup-	after

port of such Negroes as shall have been bound Apprentices under this t|iejr Apprea-Aft, after the Term of their Apprenticeship shall have expired, as to ticdh.p.

His Majesty shall seem meet, ana as may prevent such Negroes from **

La	1	becoming

*48

Negroes enliftcd as Soldiers, not entitled to Pensions, &c.

General I ffcte.

Treble Gafi-s.

[39 G* 3 c. S7.J '

39 Sc 40 G. 3. c. £7.

fi G. 3. c. 76

C.36,37,	470	GEO.	III. SefT.i.	A.D.1807.

becoming at any Time chargeable upon the Island in which they shall have been so bound Apprentices as aforesaid.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That none of the Provisions of any A cl as to enlisting for any limited Period of Service, o~ as to any Rules or Regulations for the granting any Pensions or Allowances to any Soldiers discharged after certain Periods of Service, shall extend, or be deemed or construed in any Manner to extend, to any Negroes so enlisting and serving in any of His Maje fly’s Forces.

XVIII.	And be it further enabled. That if any Adlipn or Suit shall be commenced either in Great Britain or elsewhere, against any Person or Persons for any Tiling done in pursuance of this Adi, the Defendant or Defendants in Rich Action or Suit may plead the General IfTue, and give this Adi and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was doue in pursuance and by the Authority of this Adi; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants ; and if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited or discontinue his Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgement shall be given upon any Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same, as Defendants have in oth^r Cases by Layv.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and amend an Adh, made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Depredations on the River Thames and its Vicinity; and to amend an Act made in the Second Year of Kis present Majesty, to prevent the committing of Thefts and Frauds by Persons navigating Bum Boats, and other Boats, upon the River Thames.

[25th March 1807.]

c 'V/t/’HEREAS an Adi of Parliament was made and passed in the < V v Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present 4 Majesty, intituled, 4 An Act for the more effectual Prevention of De-4 predations on the River Thames aud its Vicinity ; and to amend an Act 4 made in the Second Tear of the Reign of His present Majesty, to prevent 4 the committing of Thefts and Frauds by Persons navigating Bum-Boats > 4 and other Boats, upon the River Thames : And Whereas another 4 Adi passed in the Forty-fecond Year of the Reign of His present 4 Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing two Acts mack in the Thirty -4 second and Thirty sixth Tears of the Reign of His present Majesty, 4 for the more effectual Adminif ration of the Office of a Jufftce of the 4 Peace in such Parts of the Counties of Middlesex and Suirey as lie, in 4 and near the Metropolis; and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies y 4 and for maling other Provisions in lieu thereof; and for cncreafmg the 4 Salaries of the Justices at the Thames Police office until the First Day 4 of June One thousand eight hundred and feveny and from thence to the c End of the then next Session of Parliament: And Whereas, under and

4 by

149

A.D. 1807.

47

GEO. III. Self. 1.

C-37-

( by virtue of the Provisions of the said first recited Aft, a Public Office , of the Nature of the several Offices commonly called Police Offices,

<	inftituted under the Authority of an Aft, made in the Thirty-

<	fecond Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Adminijlration of the Office of a Justice of the

6 Peaces in such Parts of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey as lie in c or near the Metropolis 7 and for the more effectual Prevention of Feionics, f was eftabiiffied, and hath continued, for many Years, near Wpping c new Stairs, in the Pariffi of Saint John of Wap ping 7 in the County of ( Micldlefcxy under the Name of The Thames Police Office: And

*	Whereas the Eftabliffiment of the said Office has been proved to ‘ be of the most essential Service in preventing the before-mentioned

* Depredations : And Whereas the said Act, made in the Thirty-( ninth and Fortieth Year aforesaid, is near expiring, and it is expe-c dient that the same ffiould be continued and amended, and the 1 Powers of the Justices under the said Aft further extended May it therefore pleale your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said first recited Act, and lo much of the said last recited Aft as relates to and amends the said first recited Aft, ffiail be continued until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and all Appointments of Special Justices, and of Clerks, Surveyors, Constables, and other Oulcers and Persons acting under them in the said Public Office, made under or in purfu-ance of the said first recited Aft, jfhall be and remain as effectual a9 if the same had been made under this Aft.

II. And be it further enacted, That it ffiail be lawful for every such Thames Police Surveyor (fubjeft to the Orders of the said Juf-t’ces, to be appointed as aforesaid) having just Cause to suspect that any Felony has been or is about to be committed, in or on board of any Ship, Hoy, Barge, Ligliter, Boat, or other Veil'd, lying or being in the said River, and within the Limits in the said firft-recited Aft mentioned, to enter at all Times, as well by Night as by Day, into and upon every such Ship, Hoy, Barge, Ligliter, Boat, or other Vessel, and therein to take all neceftary Measures for the efFeftual Prevention or Detection of all Feionics, which he has just Cause to suspect have been, or are about to be committed in and upon the said River, and within the Limits in the said firft-recited Aft mentioned, and to apprehend and detain all Persons suspected to be concerned in the said Felonies ; and also all Property so fufpefled to be feloniously stolen, and the lame to produce before One or more of the said Special Justices, or some other Justice or Justices within his or their respective Jurisdictions ; and every such 7 hames Police Surveyor is hereby authorized, at any Time between San-rifing and Sun-setting, to enter any Ship or Vessel (except His Majesty’s Ships) in the said River, and within the Limits in the said first recited Aft mentioned, and to search, the same for unlawful Quantities of Gunpowder; and also shall have the same Powers of seizing, removing to proper Places, and detaining, all such unlawful Quantities of Gunpowder found on board any such Ship or Vessel, and the Barrels in which such Gunpowder ffiail be, as are given to Persons searching for unlawful Quantities of Gunpowder under a Warrant of a Justice of the Peace, by virtue of

L 3	an

32 G. 3. c* 53*

Recited A<£ts, 39, 40 G. 3. c. r.y. Sc42 G. 3. c. 76. continued.

Thames Police Surveyors empowered to enter Ship<-, See. on Suspicion of Felony having been committed, or being about to be committed.

Hosted by

55o	.

Boats forfeited may be c'edioycd

or restored, or at the

Di feretion of the Justices.

M:igiftra tes empowered to fettle Disputes relating to Wages betweenCaprair.s and Owners of Ships, Wharfs, &c. and Persons employed by them*

G. 37;	47®	GEO. III. Seif. r. A.D-igoy.

an Act pafied in the Twelfth Year of His prefen t Majesty, intituled,

/n /fit to regulate the making, keeping, and Carriage of Gunpowder, within Great Britain, and to repeal the Laws heretofore made for any of those PurpoJ'es.

III.	And be it further ena6led, That in all Cases in which it is dire6led in the said recited A cl that any Boat, with her Tackle and Appurtenances, which shall be forfeited, shall be burnt and destroyed, it shall be lawful for the said Special Justices, or either of them, or any other Justice or Justices within their respective Jurisdictions, before whom any Person or Persons shall have been convicted of any Offence whereby any Boat is or should be adjudged to be forfeited, either to direct such Boat, with her Tackle and Appurtenances, to be burnt and destroyed, or restored to the Owners thereof, or to be publickly fold ; and the Produce of such Sale to be applied in like Manner as all other Cases of Forfeitures under the said Act; any Thing in the said first recited Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IV.	4 And Whereas Disputes and Difficulties do frequently arise 4 between Bargemen, Lightermen, Watermen, Ballaftmen, Coalwhip-* 4 pers, Ccalporters, Sailors, Lumpers, Riggers, Shipwrights, Caulk-4 ers, and other Labourers, who work for Hire on or upon the 4 River Thamesy and the Docks, Creeks, Wharfs, Quays, and Places 4 adjacent, reipecting Wages or Money due to them for Work, and. 4 the Owrier or Owners, Captains or Commanders of Veftels, and their 4 Agents, on the said River, and the Docks and Creeks thereunto 4 adjoining, and alio the Owner or Owners, Wharfinger or Wharfing-4 ers, or Occupiers of such Wharfs or Quays, and thdir Agents and 4 other Persons employing the said Labourers be it ena6led, That from and after the palling of this Act, all Differences, Complaints, and Disputes, which shall happen and arise between any Bargemen, Lightermen, Watermen, Ballaftmen, (except Trinity Ballaftmen),

. Coalwhippers, Coalporters, Sailors, Lumpers, Riggers, Shipwrights, Caulkers, or other Labourers who work for Hire on or upon the said River, or the Docks, Creeks, Quays, Wharfs, or Places adjacent, snd the Owner or Owners, Captain or Commander of any Vessel, or their Agents, on the said River, or the Docks or Creeks thereunto ad^ joining, or the Owner or Owners, Wharfinger or Wharfingers, or Occupiers of any Wharf or Quay, or their Agents, or other Employer or Employers, respecting Wages or Money due to any such Labourer or Labourers for Work, whether the same Persons be employed for any certain Time, or in any other Manner, shall be heard and determined by the said Special Justices, or any one of them, or any other Justice or Justices within his or their respective Jurifdi&ions ; and every such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to fumn\on before him or them any such Captain or Commander of any such Vei-fel, or any such Owner or Owners thereof, or their Agents, or the Owner or Owners, Wharfinger or Wharfingers, or Occupier of any Wharf or Quay, or their Agents, or any other Employer or Employers ; and if any inch Captain, Commander, or Owner of any such Vessel, or 'their Agents, or the Owner, Wharfinger, or Occupier of any such Wharf' or Quay, or their Agents,- or any such other Employer or Employers, shall refuse or nogle61 to attend such Summons, then every such Justice cr Justices is and are hereby empowered to ifl’ue Lis or their Warrant to bring such Person or Persons before him dr them, to answer such Complaint; and every iuch Justice and

Justices

Juftioes is and arc hereby empowered to examine upon-Oatli any such Bargeman, Lighterman, Waterman, Ballaftman, (other than any Trinity Ballaftman), Coalwhipper, Coalporter, Sailor, Lumper, Rigger, Shipwright, Caulker, or other Labourer, or any other Witness or Witnestes, touching any fucli Complaint or Dispute, and to make fach Order for Payment of so much Wages to Rich Bargeman, Lighterman, Waterman, Ballaftman, (other than any Trinity Ballaft-man), Conlwhipper, Coalporter, Sailor, Lumper, Rigger, Shipwright, Caulker, or other Labourer, as to such Justice or Justices shall seem just and reasonable ; provided that the Sum in Oueftion do not exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, besides all reasonable Coftsr attending the Prosecution of the said Complaint, which Costs the said Justice or Justices are hereby empowered to order ; and in case of Refusal or Nonpayment of any Sum or Sums so ordered, by the Space of Twenty-four Hours next after such Determination, Rich Justice or Justices shall and may ikue forth his or their Warrant to levy the same, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Captain or Commander aferesaid, or of any Owner or Owners of any Vessel, or their Agents, or the Owner or Owners, Wharfinger or Wharfingers, or Occupier of any Wharf or Quay, or of any other Employer or Employers, or any such Bargeman, Lighterman, Waterman, Ballaftman, (other than any Trinity Ballaftman), Coal-whipper, Coalporter, Sailor, Lumper, Rigger, Shipwright, Caulker, or ©ther Labourer working for Hire on the River Thamesy or the Docks, Creeks, Wharfs, Quays, and Places adjacent, rendering tl*e Overplus, if any, to the Owner, afterPayment of the Sums so ordered for Wages or Money due to them for Work, and necessary Costs, together with all Charges of such Distress and Sale.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That all such Orders as shall be made as afore said by any Justice or Justices, shall be final and conelusive, to all Intents and Purposes ; and from which said Orders no Appeal shall be allowed.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the palling of this Act, every Person who fnall wilfully destroy or damage, or be wilfully concerned in the destroying or damaging any Boat belonging to or hired by or by the Authority of the said Justices, shall forfeit for every Rich Offence the Sum of Thirty Pounds, in lieu and instead of Fifteen Pounds in the said iirft-recited Adi mentioned, any Thing in the said Adi to the contrary notwithstanding; or suffer Imprisonment, as in the said firff-recited Adi is mentioned.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That all Forfeitures in the said first recited Adi directed, in relation to the opening, breaking, or anywise injuring any Calk, Box, Chest, Bag, or other Package, shall and may be ascertained and adjudged, and recovered on Conviction by and before any One or more Justice or Justices, under the said firft-recited Adi.

VIII.	Asd be it further enacted. That all Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punishments and Provisions relating thereto, in the said firft-. recited Adi contained, as to Persons framing, or causing to be framed, any Bills of Parcels for any fraudulent Purpose, shall extend and be applied, and put in force as t6 every Person who shall produce, as a true and good Bill of Parcels* any Rich Bill of Parcels framed as in the said firii-recited Act is mentioned, for any fraudulent Purpose therein mentioned, knowing the same to have been fraudulently

L 4	framed.

All filer) Ciders tj be final.

DeftroyingBoat^ Penalty 30). in stead of 15I.

Forfeiture.? for injuring Packages may be re-j covered before , One Juliice.

Punishment as to framing fraudulent Bills of Parcels extended to Persons knowingly producing

them.

*5*

Jurifdi&lon given to One Judice : Odenders may be 1c ve rally adjudged to different Fines and diffeicnt Periods of 1 m-prifonmcnt, &g.

JurifcH£‘ion of j uftices not to extend to London, &c.

Jurifdi<Trion of ihe Corporation of London over Southwark not to be affe£led, &c.

C.37.	47°	GEO.	III.	Seff.	1.	A.D.1807.

framed, in like Manner as if the same had been made an Offence under the said firft-recited Adi, or as if such Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, Puniihments, and Provisions relating thereto, had been herein re*ena6ted.

IX,	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any One Justice to hear and determine any Offence under the said firft-recited Act, or this Act, and to convi6t any Offender or Offenders, and adjudge any Penalty, Forfeiture, or Punishment, under the said firft-recited Act, or this Act, in like Manner as the same may be done by any Two or more Jullices under the said Act; and it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices, by or before whom any Two or more Offenders shall be convicted of any Offence whereon any Forfeiture of any Penalty, or any Impriionment, may be adjudged under the said first recited Act, or this Act, to convi6l and adjudge such Offenders, several ly and separately, either as to Amount of any Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, or as to any Period of Imprisonment* according to the Lefcretion of such Justice or Justices, or the Nature and Extent of the Offence or Guilt, or the Character, Situation, or Circumstance of each of such respective Offenders ; and it shall also be lawful for any Justice or Justices to adjudge and order that any Offender, convicted of any Offence under the said firff recited Act, or thus fubje6ting such Offender to Imprisonment, shall be kept to hard Labour during any such Impriionment; any Thing in the said first recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

X.	Provided always, and be it further ena6ted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to authorize or empower the said Special Justices, or any other Justice or Justices, except the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Recorder of the City of London for the Time being, or some or one of them, to hear and determine any such Differences, Complaints, or Disputes, as shall or may arise for or in refpe6l of any Employment or Work done within the said City of London, or the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, or on board of any Ship, Hoy,' Barge, Ligliter, Boat, or other Vessel lying or being on the North Side of the said River Thames, between the Tower of London and the Western Extremity of the Temple adjoining Ljjex Street, in the County of Middle j ex.

XI.	Provided always, and be it further ena6led. That nothing in the said several recited A6ls.or this Act contained shall extend to deprive the Lord Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, of any Right, Privilege, or Jurisdiction heretofore lawfully claimed, exercised, or enjoyed within the Town and Borough of Southwark, or the Liberties thereof, or to prevent the said Lord Mayor for the Time being, or the Aldermen of the said City for the Time bein'g, and the Recorder of the said City for the Time being, from a6ting as Justices of the Peace within the said Town and Borough of Southwark, and the Liberties thereof, in such and the like Manner as they could or might have done in case this Act had not been made, nor to deprive the Lord Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City of any Right, Privilege, Immunity, or Jurifdi6lion, which they have heretofore lawfully claimed, exercised, or enjoyed upon the River Thames, or the Lord Mayor of the said City for the Time being, as Conservator of the said River, nor to prevent the said Lord Mayor for‘the Time being, and the Afaermen and Recorder of the said City, from acting as Justices of the Peace upon 'the said River, or

taking

*55

A.D. 1807.	470 GEO. III. SefT. 1.	C.	37, 38,

taking Cognizance of Offences committed upon or within the Limits of the same, in such Manner as they might or would have done in case this Adi had not been made.

(c Penalties incurred under 39 G. 3. c. lxix. shall not be aiFedled by “ this Act , § 12 —Privileges of Trinity Houle not affected, § 13.— u Adi may be altered or repealed this Session. § 14.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An A£l to amend several Adds for regulating and fecurmg the Coiledlion of the Duties on Paper, made in Ireland; and to make perpetual so much of an Add made in the Forty-Fifth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to Paper Hangings printed or stained in Ireland, [9th April 1807.]

*	\A7 HEREAS an Adi was made in the Forty-fifth Year of f ▼ V His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled. An Act to continue,

‘ until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred i andfix, and amend Je eral A&s for regulating and fecwing the Col-1 leEt'ion of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland, and on Paper printed or

*	flained in Ireland, to serve for Hangings or other Uses : And Whereas

‘ it is expedient that so much of the said Adi as relates to the Duties f on Paper made in Ireland should be repealed, and other Provilions r enacted in lieu thereof, and that so much of the said Adi as relates < to Paper Flangings printed or stained in Ireland should be made per-€ petual:’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Twenty-fifth 45 G, 3. e. ro6. Day of March One thousand eight hundred andseven, so much of the § 1—5. relating said recited Adi as relates to the Duties on Paper made in Ireland, fhall	^

be and the same is hereby repealed ; save and except as to any Sums 4^

of Money, Penalties, or Forfeitures which may have become due or § 6. See. relating been incurred under the said recited Adi, before the said Twenty-fifth to Paper Hang-Day of March ; and that so much of the said recited Act as relates to inSs made the Duty on Paper Hangings, printed, painted, or stained in Ireland,PerPetual-fhall be and the same is hereby made perpetual.

II.	And be it further enacted, That all Paper (other than Brown Denomination of Paper, made of old Ropes or Cordage only, without separating or extradling the hitch or Tar, or any Part therefrom, and without ieaa * Mixture of any other Materials therewith, and not being Glazed Paper for Clothiers or Hot Proffers, or Sheathing Paper, or Button Paper or Button Board) whicii ill all be made in Ireland, shall be denominated, deemed, and taven to be Paper of the First Class, within the rft Class, Mea.iing of this Adi, and of any other Acl or Adis in force in Ireland for granting or securing the Duties on Pacer made in Ireland; and that all Brown Paper, made of old Ropes or Cordage as aforesaid only, and all Button Paper or Button Board, which shall be made in Ireland, shall be denominated, deemed, and taken to be Paper of the Second Class, within the Meaning of this Adi, and the said Adis ; 2d Class. and that all Pafleboard, Mill Board, and Scale Board, and Paper commonly called by the Name of Shearing or Sheathing Paper, and all Glazed Paper for Clothiers and Hot Preffers, so to be made, shall be denominated, deemed, and taken to be Paper of the Third Class, 3d Class,

within

*54

3$ G. 3. c. 29.

Charge on Paper M > leers in respect ot each Engine, 20OI. per Annum ; and in refpofl of each Vat or Wet Picfs 1 ^ol. per Annum more ; l>v Monthly Charges of j6!. 1 3s, 4d. and 12I. ) os.

Charge on

Ergine, &c. employed in making inferior payer, ico I. a- Year, or

hi., 6*. Sd. per on me

C.3S:	47° GEO. IIL Sell 1.	A.D. 1807.

within the Meaning of this Adi, and the said Adis ; and that all Paper which shall be made in Ireland after the said Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, shall be classed and denominated accordingly, any Thing in an Adi made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty-eighth Year of His prel'ent Majesty’s Reign, intituled, /n Aft to secure the Collection of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland, and to prevent Franck therein; or in any other Act or Adis in force in Ireland to the contrary not withilanding.

III.	And be it further enacted. That from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thouiand eight hundred and seven, in hen and in head of any Charge, under any Adi or Acts in force in Ireland, on any Paper Maker in respect of each and every Engine kept or used by such Paper Maker, every Paper Maker in Ireland shall be charged with, and flrall pay the Sums following, that is to say; for each and every Engine kept or used by any Paper Maker for the making of Paper, or of the Papers called Pa lie-hoard, Mill Board, Scale Board, Glazed Paper, Paper for Hangings, Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, or Button Board, or Paper of any other Sort or Kind whatever, which Engine fhr.ll not in the Inode exceed Twelve Feet in Length, Five Feet in Breadth, and Two Feet in Depth, such Paper Maker shall be charged with and pay the yearly Sum of Two hundred Pounds for the Year, beginning the Twenty-fixth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven and ending on the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, and in like Manner for every subsequent Year, beginning, and ending in like Manner; and such Paper Maker shall also for every Vat or Wet-prefs (whichever shall be the most in Number) kept or used by any Inch Paper Maker, such Vat not exceeding the Contents of a Vessel Six Feet in Length, Five Feet inBreadth, and Four Feet in Depth, be charged with and pay the yearly Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds for every Year, beginning and ending as aforesaid, in Addition to the aforesaid yearly Sum of Two hundred Pounds; the said respective Sums of Two hundred Pounds and One hundred and fifty Pounds to be charged and chargeable 011 and paid by such Paper Maker in respect. of each and every such Engine, and of each and eveiy such Vat or Wet-Prefs, kept or used by such Paper Maker, in the monthly Proportions following, that is to say ; for each and every Calendar Month in each and every Year, commencing with the Twenty-fixth Day of .March, after the Rate following, that is to say ; for each and every such Engine kept by such Paper Maker, the Sum of Sixteen Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four-pence, and for each and every Vat or Wet-prefs (whichever shall be the greatest in Number) kept or used by, such Paper Maker the Sum of Twelve Pounds-and Ten Shillings ; all which said respective Sums shall be charged and chargeable, and paid and payable as and for the Duty according to Weight of such Quantity of Paper as may be produced from any such Engine, within each Month and Year reipedlively as aforesaid.

IV.	- Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any such Engine shall be employed by any such Paper Maker, during the Whole of any such Year, in making such Paper only as is chargeable with a Duty,>not exceeding One Penny for every Pound Weight thereof, such Paper Maker shall be charged with, and shall pay for and in respect of each and every such Engine so emploved, the Yearly*Sum of One hundred Pounds, by the Monthly Proportions of Eight

pounds ,

A.D. 1807.

155

47° GEO. III. Self, 1.	C.38.

Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-pence for each and every Calendar Engine; and the Month ; and alio for each and every Vat or Wet Press (whichever shall likeSura on the be the moftin Number) which shall be kept and used by such Paper Vat.

Maker, the farther Yearly Sum of One hundred Pounds, by like Monthly Proportions of Eight Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-pence, for each and every Calendar Month ; all which said respective Sums shall be charged and chargeable, and paid and payable, as and for the Duty according to Weight of such Quantity of such Paper as may be produced from any such Engine within each Year and Month respectively as aforesaid.

V.	Provided also, and be it enabled, That if any-Engine, or any Engines or Vais Vat refpebtively, shall be of greater Dimensions than those herein- of larger before refpebtively specified, then and in such Case the Paper Maker, Dimensions shall who shall use any such Engine or Vat refpebtively, shall be charged

and chargeable in respect of the same with such Sum and Sums as shall PKWnona be in like Proportions to the Size of such Engine or Vat' of greater Dimensions, as the Sum and Sums herein-berore mentioned refpedt-ively is or are to the Size of an Engine or Vat of the Dimensions herein-before several ly described.

VI.	Provided alio, and be it enacted, That if any Paper Maker In case of shall be desirous of obtaining a Licence to keep any Paper Mill, licences taken at any Time after the Twenty-fifth Day of March, in any Year, and ^kersofter to commence the making of Paper in such Mill on the Twenty-fixth L March Day of any Month, other than the Month of March in any Year, it yearly Duty may shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and be 1 educed. Taxes, at any Time within Thirty Days next after the Twenty-fifth

Day of, March next ensuing the Time of granting such Licence, to reduce the Yearly Sums payable by such Paper Maker in respect of each and every Engine, and each and every Vat or Wet Press in such Paper Mill, to such Sum as shall not be less than the total Amount of the several Monthly Charges on such Paper Maker, in respect of each and every such Engine, Vat, or Wet Press, from the Day when such Licence shall be granted, to the Twenty-fifth Day of March next ensuing the Date of fucli Licence.

VII.	Provided also, and be it enabled, That if any Duty charge- The Duty ©n able by Weight on the Paper made by any Paper Maker, within any Paper dial] be such Month or Year as aforesaid, at the Mill in which such Engines paid by Weight or Vats or Wet Presses shall be kept or used, shall in any Case exceed u ex^ecds lhe the Sum hereby directed to be charged for any such Month or Year, 0„™he Engine or in respect of each and every such Engine and Vat or Wet Press, kept Vats.

and used at such Mill, then and in such Case, such Paper Maker shall be charged with and pay such Excels of Duty on the said Paper, according to the Quality and Weight thereof, such Excess to be charged and paid in Manner hereinafter mentioned and diverted.

VIIL And be it further enabled, That the Officer of Excise in Officer shall charge of any Paper Mill of any Paper Maker in Ireland, shall make Monthly within Ten Days after the Twenty-fifth Day of every Month in charged the Year, make a Return, to the Collector of'the Dillrict in which Engines, &c. such Paper Mill shall be situate, of the several Monthly Sums hereby and also or directed to be charged for the Month ending - on such Twenty-fifth Quantity of Day, in relpebt of all and every Engine or Engines, and Vat or fa';eYwe,she(*; Vats, or Wet Piefs or Wet Presses,, kept or used by such Paper fhal'l be^Charge Maker, at any Time in -fuch Month ; and also of the Quantity, Qua- for rhe Engine

3	hty,	Duty, and for

any Excess of the Duty by Weight*

P^per not previously weighed, shall be weighed at the End of every Quarter, and Surcharge made accordingly.

lity, and Weight of all Sorts of Paper which shall have been weighed at such Mill by such Officer, in the Course of such Month, and of the Duty chargeable thereon, by Weight; and every such Return shall be a Charge on the Paper Maker, to the Amount of the Monthly Sum ‘payable under this Act, in refpedT of all and every such Engine or'Engines, Vat or Vats, or Wet Press or Wet PrefTes, and every such Paper Maker shall be deemed to have made within such Month such Quantity of Paper as shall be subject, according to Weight, to a Duty equal to the Amount of the Sum so charged; and in case the Duty chargeable in respect of the Quality and Weight of all Paper, of every Class, Denomination, and Kind specified in such Return, as weighed within such Month, shall exceed the Amount of the Sum payable in refpefr of all and every such Engine or Engines, Vat or Vats, and Wet Press or Wet PrefTes, then the Return of the Officer shall be a Charge on such Paper Maker, for the Amount of such Excess, over and above the Amount of the Sum chargeable in refpcfl of such Engine or Engines, Vat or Vats, Wet Press or Wet PrefTes, as afore -faid ; and every such Officer shall, and he is hereby required to leave a true Copy of such Return, in Writing, under his Hand, with every such Paper Maker, or at such Paper Mill, upon. Pain of forfeiting Twenty Pounds, for every Neglect or Omission in so doing ; and such Paper Maker shall pay the Duty appearing by such Return and Charge to have become due and payable within Fourteen Days after the End of the Month for which such Return and Charge shall haVe been made, and every such Paper Maker shall for any Default in Payment of such Duty forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum. equal to Double the AmouRt of the Sum so returned and charged in Manner aforesaid.

IX.	‘ And, in order to afeertain the Quantity of Paper actually * made by every Paper Maker, in every Quarter of a Year/ be it en-acted, That after the Expiration of Ten Days, and within Twenty-eight Days, after the Twenty-fifth Day of June, the Twenty-fifth Day of 'September, the Twenty-fifth Day of December, and the Twenty-fifth Day of March, in each and every Year, on some Day and Flour to be appointed by the Officer in Charge of the Paper Mill of any Paper Maker, and of which Day and Hour such Officer shall give Forty-eight Hours Notice to such Paper Maker, or leave the same at the Mill of such Paper Maker, every Paper Maker shall by himself or herself, or by his or her Servant or Servants, produce and bring to such Officer all such Paper, Palle Board, Mill Board, Scale Board, and Glazed Paper, and other Paper of every Class, Denomination, and Kind whatsoever refpeflively, which shall have been made in the Quarter of a Year, preceding such Twenty-fifth Day of June, Twenty-fifth Day of September, Twenty-fifth Day of December, and Twenty-fifth Day of March respectively, and which shall not have been duly weighed by the Officer, and charged with Duty according to the Weight thereof, and included in the several Monthly Returns thereof during such Qu'rier, in order that the same may be weighed and ^charged with Duty according to the Weight thereof; and such Paper shall be accordingly weighed and charged with Duty according to the Weight thereof, and such Officer shall make a Return of all such Paper, and of the Duty payable thereon, according to the Weight thereof, to the Colle&or of the Diflridf in which such Mill shall be situate, and shall leave a

true

*57

A.D.1807.	47°GEO- III.	SefT.i,	C.38.

true Copy of such Return, in Writing, under his Hand, with every such Paper Maker, or at such Paper Mill, upon Pain of forfeiting Twenty Pounds for every Neglect or Omilfion in so doing; and in case the Amount of the Duty on such Paper, according to the Weight thereof, together with the Amount of such Duty on all Paper which shall have been weighed within the Month ending on such Twenty-fifth Day of June, Twenty-fifth Day of September,

Twenty-fifth Day of December, and Twenty-fifth Day of March respectively, shall exceed the Amount of Duty chargeable on such Paper Maker, for such Month, in refpedf of each and every Engine or Engines, and Vat or Vat?, or Wet Press or Wet Presses of such Paper Maker, such Excess shall be a Surcharge of Duty on such Paper Maker, for such Month ; and such Paper Maker shall gay the Duty appearing by such Surcharge to be due and payable within Six Days after such Return, and every such Paper Maker shall, for every Default in Payment of any such Surcharge of Duty, forfeit Twenty Pounds, together with a Sum equal to Double the Amount of the Duty so returned and surcharged.

X.	And be it further enacted, That on every Cover or Wrapper, How Reams and in which any Ream or Bundle of Paper of the First Class, or of Bundies of Pape; Paper of the Second Class, shall be enclosed before any such Paper	&c„

shall be brought or produced to any Officer of Excise to be weighed, ,^aj| marked there shall be marked, written, or printed, by the Maker thereof, befoieb^mg or by his or her Servant, in large and legible Characters, and in weighed. Words at Length, the Words, “ First Class,” or u Second Class,” diftmguifhing the Class of Paper inclosed in such Cover or Wrapper, and according to which the Duty ih relpedt of the same is chargeable ; and upon every such Cover or Wrapper shall also be written the Date of the Year in Figures, together with a Number in Roman Numerals, denoting the Month in which such Paper shall have been made, the Number I. to lignify the Month commencing and to be computed from the Twenty-fixth Day of March, and ending the Twenty-fifth Day of Abril, in every Year, the Number II. to signify the fuc-ceeding Month to the Twenty-fifth Day of May, and so on until • the Number XII. in each Year, which shall signify the Month beginning the Twenty-fixth Day of February and ending the Twenty-fifth Day of March ; and after such Date of the Year and Roman Numeral, there shall be written in Figures the true Number of such Ream or Bundle of Paper, according to the Numbers of such Reams or Bundles of Paper of each such Class, made by the Maker thereof, at the Mill in which the same shall be made, during such Month, commencing and to be computed in Manner aforesaid, such Number to be taken progressively, beginning Number One, Number Two, and so onwards according to the Number of Reams or Bundles of Paper of each Class made at such Mill in such Month ; and that on each.

Parcel of Paste Board, Mill Board, Scale Board, or Glazed Paper, there shall, in like Manner, before the same shall be produced or brought to the Officer to be weighed, be marked, written, or printed, in large and legible Chara6ters, and in Words at Length, the Defcrip-tion of such Pareel, and whether such Parcel is Pa fie Board, Mill Board, Scale Board, or Glazed Paper, and the Number of Sheets in each such Pareel, with the Date of the Year, and Roman Numeral signifying the Month, and the Figure or Figures iignifying the true pro-greffive Number, of such Parcel of Paste Board, Mill Board, Scale

Hosted by

Is-S

c.-s.

4,7® GEO. III. SefT. X,

A.D.1807.

All Papei) &c. mail l.e weighed and c^Mrged with I>oty wi-.hin Four Da\ s after it is in cl-fed in WraFPei», &c.

r.^;)cr Makers r-ay discontinue working any

Engine or Vat on Six Days Notice, ending with the 25th of any Month.

Penalty ort v;oi king Engine discontinued, iOO J-, &C.

Board, and Glazed Paper, made by such Maker at such Mill, during -luen. Month as aforesaid ; and if any Maker of Paper, Paile Board, Mill Board, Scale Board, or Glazed Paper, shall neglect to mark the said Bundles, or Reams, or Pareels, in Manner herein directed, or to cause the same to be numbered and marked as aforesaid, every such Perfou shall for every such Offence Forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XI. And be it. further enacted, That all Paper and Paste Board, made in the Mill or Manufactory of any Papermaker in Ireland, Hi all be produced and brought to the Officer in Charge of such Mill or Manufactory, to be weighed and charged with Duty, and shall be weighed and charged with Duty accordingly, within Four Days after such Paper or Fafie Board shall have been enclosed in Wrappers, or tied up in Parcels as directed by Law ; and that if any Paper or Paste Board 111 all be found in any Mill or Manufactory of any Paper-maker, which shall have been enclosed in Wrappers, or tied up in Pareels, for any longer Space of Time than Four Days, and shall not have been weighed and. charged with Duty, and indorsed by the Officer accordingly, all such Paper and Palte Board shall be forfeited, and may be seized, and the Paper Maker in whose Mill or Manufactory the same shall be found, shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XIT. And be it further enabled, That every Engine and Vat, or Wet Press, which shall be in the Paper Mill of any Paper Maker, on the Twenty-fixth Day of March in any Year, shall be presumed to be kept regularly at Work from that Day during the whole Year, and shall be- chargeable and charged accordingly, unless the.working of -any such Engine shall be discontinued in Manner herein-after mentioned, that is to say ; every such Paper Maker may from Time to Time discontinue the working of any Engine on giving a Notice in Writing of such Intention to discontinue such Working to the Collector oi the District in which such Paper Mill is situate, and to the Officer in Charge of such Paper Mill, Six Days at the leaf! previous to the Day mentioned therein for discontinuing the same, and fpecify-ing the Hour of the Day at which such Working is so intended to be .difeontinued ; provided always, that no other Day than the Twenty-.fifth Day of some Month (or in case the Twenty-fifth Day of any Month shall be on a Sunday, then the Twenty-fourth Day of such Month) shall be mentioned in any such Notice of Discontinuance, and that the Hour of the Day specified in such Notice shall be some Jiour before Twelve of the Clock at Noon on such Day; at the Day and Hour specified in which Notice the Officer in Charge of such Paper Mill shall attend and fee that such Engine is no longer at Work ; and the Officer in Charge of the Paper Mill shall not charge ■ the Paper Maker with any Duty in respect of such Engine so discontinued (nor in refpe£l of any Vat or Wet Press which shall have been used with such Engine in the preceding Month) during the Month in which the Working of such Engine shall be discontinued, in Manner aforesaid, any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithfta'nding: And if at any Time, subsequent to the Day and Hour mentioned in any such Notice of Discontinuance, the Engine, of the Discontinuing the Working of which such Notice fliail have been given, shall be found at Work or in Use in any Manner whatsoever, in the Process of Making of Paper, (unlefs under a Notice of Recommencement of Working in Manner herein-after mentioned,)

the

A. D. 1807.

470 GEO. III. SefT. x.	C.38.	159

the Paper Maker in whose Mill the same shall be fo-found, at Work or in Use, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and shall all’o be charged and chargeable with all such Sums of Money and Charges as he would have been liable to have been charged with under this Adi, in caie no such Notice of Discontinuance had been given in Manner a fore laid.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Paper Maker who Notice of R&-

shall have difcontinucd the working of any Engine in Manner afore- commencement said, shall intend to fetat work again any such Engine so discontinued,	aii*

or to use or employ the lame in the making or manufacturing of Paper, nS1,K?

such Paper Maker flrall deliver a Notice in Writing of such his Intention to the Collector of the District and to the Officer in charge of the Paper Mill of such Paper Maker, Six Days at leak before the Day on which such Paper Maker shall intend to re-commence the working orufing such Engine, specifying the Day and Hour on which such Paper Maker intends io to re-commence the working or using any such Engine, which Day shall be the Twenty sixth Day of some Month in the Year, (or in case the Twenty-lixth Day of any Month flrall be on a Sunday, then the Twenty-feverith Day of such Month) ; and such Officer flrall attend on such Day and Time accordingly, and shall charge such Paper Maker in respect of each and every Engine and each and every Vat or Wet-Prefs used therewith from the Day mentioned in such Notice, for the Pvecommencement of the Working of inch Engine in Manner afore said.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That whenever any Paper Maker Paper Maker flrall intend to employ any Engine for the Whole of any Month, Hi 1I1 give Notice beginning on the Twenty-lixth Day of any Month, and ending on the cmPl°yin8 Twenty-fifth Day of the Month following, in the making of Paper in^^fferenr*1 chargeable with a higher or lower Duty than the Paper which such Paper, and shall Engine flrall have been before that Time employed in making, such employ the Paper Maker shall. Six Days at leak before such Twenty-fixth Day Dme accorc*- of the Month, give Notice or such his Intention to the Officer in if slh* ^ . charge of the Mill or Manufactory of such Pa-wr Maker: And if such ena y I"° ' Paper Maker shall make any Change in the Employment of any Engine without having given such Notice, or shall make any Paper with

inch Engine, other than the Paper of the making of which at such Engine Notice flrall have been given as aforeiaid; or if any Paper Maker flrall in any One Month, beginning and ending as aforesaid, make with the same Engine any Paper, chargeable with a Duty exceeding One Penny for every Pound weight thereof, and also Paper chargeable with a Duty not exceeding One Penny for every Pound Weight thereof, and if any Engine, of which Notice flrall be given as employed in the making of Paper chargeable with a Duty not exceeding One Penny for every Pound Weight thereof, any Materials flrall be at any Time found other than old Ropes or Cordag*e, then and in every such Case, such Paper Maker flrall forfeit, the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That no Vat in any Paper Mill of Va:« shall not be-

any Paper Maker shall be worked or used in the manufacturing or worked between making of Paper, at any Time between the Hours of Seven in,	-me!

•the Evening and Five in the Morning, and if any Vat flrall be found FjvTin^thc C

in Use or at Work at any Time between the said Hours, the Paper Morning. Maker, in whose Mill such Vat shall be so found in Use or at Work, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds*

XVI. And

47° GEO, III. Se<r. I.

160

C.3S.

A.D.1807.

Phper Makers lhaU make Eniries in Minute Books to be fuppliecl by Officers, &c. Penalty 50I. i

Books may be btfpe&od by any Officers.

Sniff Books Ihnll be ffelivereff quaircriy to Collectors of the Biihitt,

Permits for cairyjng Paper to Paper Stainers.

XVI. And be it farther enabled, That in the Paper Mill of every Paper Maker there shall be safely kept such Minute Books as shall be from Time to Time delivered to such Paper Maker by the Officer in charge of such Mill, in which Books such Paper Maker shall from Time to Time make or canfe to be made true Entries of the Number of Engines, Vats, and Wet-Preffes in such Mills, and the Time when the same shall be at Work or discontinued, as also of the Class, Denomination, Kind, and Quantity, of all Paper and Pasteboard from \ irne to Time made by such Paper Maker at such Mill, and of the Days when the same shall be made, and when the same shall be put up in Bundles, or Reams, or Pareels, to be weighed, and when the same shall be weighed, and the Weight, Class, Denomination, and Kind thereof, and the Duty chargeable thereon, and of the Days and Times when any^- Paper shall be fert out of any Mill, and in what Pareels, and to whom and for what Purpose ; which Minute Books shall be kept in such Manner, and according to such Form, as shall be from Time to Time ordered and directed by the Commissioners of Inland Excise, and Taxes, and shall contain all the Matters and Things afore -said, and also all such Matters and Things as shall from Time to Time be dire£ted by the said Commissioners to be inserted in the same ; and in case any Paper Maker to whom the said Book shall be tendered by any Officer shall refuse to receive the same, or having received the same shall refuse to make or cause to be made such Entries therein from Time to Time as are required by this AR, or shall wilfully tear, deface, obliterate, or alter such Book, or any Entry therein, or shall cause or procure or suffer the same tobetorn, defaced, obliterated, or altered, or shall make or cause to be made any false or untrue Entry therein, every such Paper Maker shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XVII.	And be it further enaRed, That every such Paper Maker shall constantly keep or cause to be kept every such Minute Book in the Mill of such Paper Maker, for the InfpeRion and Examination of every Officer of Excile, until the fame-fhall be delivered to the Col-leRor of the DiftriR in Manner herein after mentioned ; and if on Demand of any Officer of Excise at such Mill, such Book shall not be produced.to such Officer, or if such Officer shall not be permitted to infpeR and examine the same, or shall be hindred or prevented by any Person from infpeRing and examining the same, such Paper Maker shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds.

XVIII.	And be it further enaRed, That every Paper Maker who shall be furnished with such Book, shall on every Twenty-fifth Day of June, Twenty-fifth Day of September, Twenty-fifth Day of December, and Twenty-fifth Day of March, or within Ten Days after each of the said Days refpeRively, deliver or cause to be delivered to the Collector of the DiftriR in which the Mill of such Paper Maker shall be situate, all and every Book and Books used in the Mill of such Paper Maker, in the preceding Quarter of a Year, with every Entry therein, legible and undefaced, or in Default thereof, shall for every NegleR forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XIX.	And be it further enaRed, That no Paper shall be sent out of the Mill or ManufaRory of any Paper Maker to any Paper Stainer or Perion employed in the manufaRuring or making Paper Hangings, or painted or stained Paper, without a Permit signed by the Officer in charge of such Mill or ManufaRory, in which Permit

shall

.A.t). 1807.	41°GEO. III. Sefli i*	C.38,39.	J<5i

fliall be Hated the Quantity and Weight of such Paper, and the Time allowed for delivering the same into the Stock of such Paper Stainer; and if any Paper {ball be foiind conveying or conveyed from anv Paper Maker to any Paper Stainer, or in the PoffeiTion of any Paper Stainer, without such Permit, all such Paper shall be forfeited, and may be seized.

XX. And be it further enacted. That every Thing in this Act The Te-ow contained relating to any Paper or Paper Maker, shall be deemed P-'per and and continued to extend and shall extend to all Paper of every ^'Pcr Makers, Sort and Kind, and 10 all Paftcboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper, Paper for Hangings, Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, andMikers and Button Board, and to every Maker and Manufacturer of every thereof.

Sort and Kind of Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard, Glazed Paper, Paper for Hangings, Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, and Button Board ; and that every Thing in this Aft contained relating to any Paper Mill, shall be deemed and construed to extend, and shall extend, to every Manufactory and Place in which the making or manufacturing of any Paper, Palteboard, Millboard, Scaleboard,

Glazed Paper, Paper for Hangings, Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, and Button Board, shall be carried on, or in which any Paper, Pafte-board, Millboard, Scaleboard, Glazed Paper, Paper for Hangings,

Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, and Button Board, shall be dried or kept, as fully as if such Matters and Things had been repeated and expressed, throughout the Body of this Act.

XXL And be it further enabled, That all the Powers, Provisions, P ,tVers of Trifh. Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Arts 33 q. Things contained in the said recited Aft made in the Parliament of G- 29; 4«G. 3, Ireland in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, ^o7t'jb ex ended or in an Aft made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Fortieth'Year extV'c A^\ of His present Majesty’s Reign, for continuing and amending the	ue	*

said recited Aft of the Thirty-eighth Year, shall be applied in Execution of this Aft as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same were repeated and re-enabled in this Aft, so far as the same are compatible and confident with the Provisions of this Aft, and except so far as the same are expressly altered or repealed by this Aft ; And that all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred under this Abb fnall be paid and payable in British Currency, and shall and may be received, recovered, levied, and applied in such Manner as is directed by an Aft made in the Forty-fixth Year of the Reign of His jprefent Majesty, intituled, An AS to provide for the better Execution of the fever al Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things under the Management of the Cofnmijfioners of Cujloms and Port Untie , and of the Eommiffoners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or by any other Aft or Acts in force in Ireland relating to His Majesty’s Revenue of Excise.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act to rectify a Mistake in ,an Aft made in the la ft Session of Parliament, for enabling.His Majesty to fettle Annuities on certain Branches of the Royal Family. [9th April 1807.]

Recital of Acts, j8G. 3. c. 31.; 46 G. 3. c. 14^.—-Annuities to u the Duke of Gloucester and the Princess Sophia under 46 G. 3.

M c. 145, shall be payable during their Lives, § 1.—Annuities to the other Branches of the- R.oyal Familyhhall be payable during their respective Lives, from the Demise of the King, § 2.

47GE0.UL	M-

Host

CAP.

C. 40—42,

47• GEO. III. 3effi 1.

16 z

AID. 1807,

, CAP. XL,

An Act to grant to His Majesty, until the' Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and eight, a Duty upon Malt made in Ireland, and upon Spirits made or dihilled in Ireland, and to allow certain Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof.	[25th	April	1807.]

$c The Duties following to be paid on Malt and Spirits made between 29 September 1807> an<^ 3° September i8©8, viz. on Malt, 10s. per u Barrel; on Malt or Com Spirits, 4s. per Gallon \ on Spirits from u Melasses, 5s. per Galion, § 1.—Countervailing Duties on British €< Beer and Spirits imported into Ireland, viz. on Beer or Ale u 7s. 8-d. per Barrel; on Spirits, 4s. iod. per Gallon* Equivalent u Drawbacks on Exportation of Irish Beer or Ale and Spirits, § 2.— fC Drawbacks on Exportation of Spirits not having been warehoused, u (except to Great Britain), vi*. Proof Spirits 3s. 7~d, per Gallon— u 5 Degrees, or IOper Cent, over Proof, 4s. 2^d.—10 Degrees over €< Proof, 4s. iod. and 2I. per Cent, on said 4s. iod. for every Degree more, § 3—Drawback on Exportation from Ireland of Mak and 4£ Beer, (except to Great Britain.} viz. Malt, the whole Duty paid \ u Beer or Ale, 7s. B^d. per 32 Galions, § 4.—Duties shall be levied^ <( as other Revenues of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and carried /c to Consolidated Fund, § 6.—No Fees to the Irish Treasury, § 7*. tc — Aft may be altered or repealed this Session, § S>

CAP. XLJ.

sAn Aft to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Aft, made in the Forty-fourth Year of His present Ma-jefty’s Reign, for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments received in several Publick Offices in Ireland-; to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the same, and into the Mode of receiving, collesting, iffiiing, and accounting for Publick Money in Ireland.	[25 th April 1807.}

u 44 G.3. e. i©6. recited and continued, § 1.—Irijh Treasury autho-u rized to issue 2,oool. additional for Payment of Clerks,,See. §2.— c< Commissioners may take their Oath either before the Chancellor of “ the Exchequer, or before any Baron, § 3.

CAP. XLIL An Act to continue for Twenty-one Years, so much of certain Acts of the Parliament of Ireland, as relate to the lighting, cleansing, and watching of Cities and Towns for the lighting, cleansing,. and watching of which no particular Provision is made by any Aft of Parliament.

[25th April 1807.]

# YYTHEREAS by an Aft made in the Parliament of Ireland\ in ^ VV the Fifth Year of His prefeat Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

‘ An

\

t

A.D. 1807.	47°GEO- III. SeiT.i. C.42,	43.

13 & 14 G. 3. c. 20.

*	y^<5?	for continuing, reviving, tf/zJ amending, several temporary Iiifli A<fts,

*	Statutes, and for empowering the ■ Grand Jury of the County o/'Kil- 5 G* 3* c* *5*

*	kenny, the Affixes, toincreafe the Yearly Salary of the Treasurer of § 11	~2‘

*	the [aid County, certain Provisions were made with respect to the

*	lighting and cleaning of Cities, for the lighting and cleansing of 1 which no particular Provision was made by any Ad of Parliament ‘ then in force : And whereas the said Provisions were amended by

*	an Ad made in the Parliament of Irelandy in the Thirteenth and

*	Fourteenth Years of His present Majesty 5s Reign, intituled. An € Adi for amending the Laws relative to the lighting and clearffing of 4 several Cities, and for efablljhlng of Market Junes therein, and for 4 other Purposes : And whereas the said recited Ad of the Fifth Year

*	aforesaid, so far as the same relates to the lighting and cleansing of

*	the said Cities, was farther amended and continued by an Ad c made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty-fifth Year of His 4 present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Adi for reviving, continuing, 25 G. 3.

4 and amending several temporary Statutes : And whereas by an A 61 § 3*

*	made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-fixth Year of His 4 present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Adi to explain and amend *' several Adis heretofore pajfedfor the lightings cleansing, and watching 4 of Cities, Towns Corporate, and Market Towns, the Regulations and 4 Powers in the said herein-before recited Ads were extended to 4 Towns Corporate and Market Towns not being Cities : And whereas r the said several Ads are in force only to the End of the present

*	Seflion of Parliament, and it is expedient that the same should be c further continued;’ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

' Lords Spiritual.and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of So much of the said herein-before recited Ads as relates to the lighting, cleansing, recited A<£ts as and watching of any Cities, Towns Corporate, or Market Towns in jelates to light-Ireland, for the lighting, cleansing, or watching of which no particular cf^^nd ° Provision is made by any Ad of Parliament now in force in Ireland, Towns of Ire-(hall be further continued, and shall be and remain in force for the land continued Space of Twenty-one Years from the Time of the passing of this for zi Years, Ad. ■

C. 54

36 G. 3. c. 51.

CAP. XLIII.

An A£f to declaim, that the Provisions of an A£fc made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-third Year of King Henry the Eighth, relating to Servants Wages, shall extend to all Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns in Ireland.

'	[25th	April	1807.]

*	TX7HEREAS by an Ad made in the Parliament of Ireland in

*	VV the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King ^	^	^

4 Henry the' Eighth, intituled, An Act for Servants Wages; and ^ ^ g Q

*	which Ad, by an Ad made in the Parliament of Ireland in the

*	Eleventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth, for

*	reviving certain Statutes, was made perpetual, certain Provisions 4 are made for ascertaining the Wages of Artificers, Labourers, and 4 Servants at Husbandry, by the Justices of the Peace in every

*	County in Ireland yearly, in their Sefiigns to be holden within One

M2	4	Monti*

164

as to tV e Wages of Artificers, &c extended to Counties of Cities, &c.

46 G. 3.. c. 95.

When Fevef. Hospitals are efifablflRed, Grard Juries may present at each Afhzes 100I. for their Support* •* t

0.43—45*	47° GEO. III. SefT.i.	A.D.i8oy«

* Month after the Feast of Eajier ;v to obviate any Doubts or Difficulties in the Construction of the said A 61, be it enabled, and declared by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of 1 the same, That the said recited A£t of the Thirty-third Year^ofhis late Majesty King Henry the Eighth, and all the Provisions therein contained, relating to the Wages of Artificers, Labourers, and Servants in Husbandry, shall extend and be confirmed to extend to every County of a City and County of a Town in Ireland, except only any County of a City or County of a Town where any special Provision has been made for the afeertainirig such Wages, by any particular A<ft or Adis of Parliament in force in Ireland at the Time of the palling of this A 61.

CAP. XLIV.

An AGt to amend an Adi made in the last Session of Parliament, for regulating and providing for the Relief of -the-Poor and the Management of Infirmaries and Hospitals iix Ireland.	[25th	April	1807.]

*	by	an	Adi,	made in the Forty-fixth Year of Ki«

6	▼ V present Majesty’s Reign, certain Provisions were made for

f the Relief of the Poor, and the Management of Infirmaries and f Hospitals, in Ireland, and it is expedient to make further Pro--f visions for t he Encouragement of Fever Hospitals in the -several

*	Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns in Ireland £ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent or the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That whenever any Fever Hospital has been or ffiall be established in any County of a City or County of a Town in helaraU it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of such County of a City or County of a Town, at any Spring or Summer Assizes, and such Grand Jury is hereby authorized to present fuck Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of One hundred

. * Pounds, at each such Assizes, as shall appear to the said Jury and to the Judge at such Assizes to be necefiary for the Support of such Fever Hospital, and such Sum shall be raised oft the County at large,: and levied and applied accordingly.

i CAP. XLV.

An A & to continue an A St made in the Parliament of Ir$Iand\ in the Thirty-firft Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for the better supplying the City oi Dublin with Coals, and for the better Encouragement of the Collieries of Ireland.	[25th	April	1	Soy.]

u IrijhA61 31- G. 2. c. 14, last continued by 40 G. 3. (/.)>. 96..	14

further continued from 1 Augujl 1807,. to 25 March 1821.

Hosted by

CAP

A.D. 1807.

470 GEO. III. Seff. 1. C.	—48.

165

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for railing the Sum of One Million five hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities, for the Service of Irelandi

[25th April 1807.J

4C Contributors for every tool, shall be entitled to 160L 12s. icd. ic in British 3perCent. Confols, from 5 January 1807, § 1,9, 23.—

(< Property Duty under 46 G. 3. c. 65. not payable on Dividends u due 5 July 1807, §8.—Intereft shall be paid at the Bank of u England out of Engltjb Consolidated Fund, and may be fiirnifhed

Plalf-yearly by Irish Treasury, § 10, 11, 12.-Loan shall be re-

<c mitted to Ireland, § 19.

CAP. XLVIL An Act to authorize the Payment of Prize Money a riling from Captures made by Ships of his Sicilian Majesty in Conjunction with British Ships, to the Sicilian Envoy, for the Use of the Officers and Men of such Ships; and also the Payment of Money arising out of Proceeds of Prizes or Captures made by any other Ships or Veffeis belonging to Foreign States, in Conjunction with His Majesty’s Ships.

[25th April 1807.]

^	REAS	certain	Ships and Veffeis belonging to His Ski-

c VY l'lcm Majesty a<ted in Conjunction with a Squadron of

*	Britijh Ship si and Veffeis of War belonging- to His Majesty under -6 the Command of Admiral Lord Keith at the Surrender of Genoa and

6 Savona, and in the taking of certain Ships and Veffeis and other ( Property from the Enemy :	A nd whereas Difficulties have arisen

f as to the paying over to the Officers and Men of the said Ships of c‘ his Sicilian Majesty their respective Shares and Proportions of the ( Prize Money arising from such Surrenders and captured Property 6 as aforesaid, as directed by His Majesty’s Grant thereof; And ‘ whereas it has been deemed most advileable to pay over the same ( to the Prince de Cajiel cicala Envoy Extraordinary and Minister

*	Plenipotentiary of his Sicilian Majesty, or the Minister of his Sicilian

*	Majefty for the Time being at the Court of London, for the Use of

*	fuch Officers and Crews as aforesaid, and for the Purpose of its being

*	diftributed among such Officers and Men be it therefore enacted*,

&c.

6i Prize Money arising from Captures made by Sicilian Ships in “ Conjunction with British Ships shall be paid over to the Sicilian “ Minister in London for Distribution, under Orders of his Sicilian “ Majesty, § 1.—Parties making such Payment indemnified from “ further Account, § 2. — Proceeds of Prizes made by Foreign Ships <£ in Conjunction with British shall be paid by Prize Agents to Am-baffactors, die. Ipecified in Orders of Council, &c, § 3.

CAP. XLVXIL

[Thh A a

■ An Ac3: to repeal so much of certain Acts as relates to the repealed as to Regulations or Conditions under which Coffee, Cocoa Nuts- cdfee and Cc**1

M ;

iUj’ Nutsi 4?G. ,

Sugar ft.z. c.5i.]

■*55

0.48.

47° GEO. III. Sefl*. x. A.D.1807.

la G. I* c. icy

43 6.3.

C< 132.

Sugar and Rice, (not being the Produce of the East Indies), are allowed to be iecured in Warehouses, without Payment of Duty; and to authorize the Colledors and Comptrollers of the Customs in His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in Americay and the West Indies, to administer certain Oaths.

[25th April 1807.]

*	WHEREAS by an Adi, palled in the Tenth Year of the Reign 6 V T of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An

*	Aft for repealing certain Duties therein mentioned, payable upon Coffee,

1 Tea, Cocoa Nuts, Chocolate, and Cocoa Pajle imported; and for

*	granting certain Inland Duties in lieu thereof; and for prohibiting the

*	Importation of Chocolate ready made, and Cocoa Pajle; and for

*	better ascertaining the Duties payable upon Coffee, Tea, and Cocoa Nuts

*	imported; and for granting Relief to Robert Dalzell, late Earl of

*	Carnwarth ; and several other Ads of Parliament, passed prior < to an Ad of the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present

*	Majefty, intituled, An Act for permitting certain Goods imported into c Great Britain to be secured in Warehouses %'ithout Payment of Duty , f Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Sugar, and Rice, (not being the Produce of -r the East Indies), were allowed under certain Regulations and Con^

*	ditions to be secured in Warehouses upon Importation without Pay-4 ment of the full Duties of Customs at the Time of the first Entry 1 of such Goods respectively ; and it is expedient that the said several

*	Ads, so far as the same regard or relate to the Regulations ufuJer c which such Articles are respectively allowed to be warelaoused,

4 should be repealed May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s moll Excellent Ma? jelly, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seven, the said Ad so palled in the Tenth year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, and all and each and every other Ad and Ads of Parlia? ment in force on and immediately before the palling of the said Ad of the Fortyrthird Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same regard or relate to the Regulations or Conditions under-which Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Sugarand Rice, (not being the Produce of the East Indies), are allowed to be secured in Warehouses without

y/ithout Payment Payment of the full Duties of Customs due thereon at the Time of the first Entry of such Goods respectively, shall be and the same are hereby respectively repealed; Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to, or in any Way affect or alter, the Provisions of an Ad of Parliament, palled in the Forty-fecond Year d ^	of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing

excepted federal Acts made in the Thirty-fifth, Thirty sixth, and Thirty-ninth and cpds imported Fortieth Tears of the Reign of His present Mayefly, relating to the under those Acts AdmiJfion of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to the shall be ware- ^ issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose, andfor making other Provi-boi iedjpi^der the jlons^n \‘ieu thereof\ to continue until the First Day of January One thou-4 . G. 3. c. 132. sand eight hundred and four; and which Ad, so far as it relates to Importations into Great Britain under Orders in Council, and into Ireland under the Orders of the I*ord lieutenant and Council there*

flQJ#

From July 5, 1807, the recited A<£1, 10 G. 1. c. 10. and all Acts prigr to 43 G. 3. c. 132. relating to tl._e Regulations under which ougar and Rice arc v/arehoufed

of Duty, repealed.

The Provisions of 42 G.3. c. 89. ce ntinued by 44 G- 3. c. 30.

Hosted by

C. 48.

167

A.D. 1807.

47° GEO. III.

Seflf. 1.

from any Territory, Pofsession, or Country, not under the Dominion of His Majesty, or the Continent of America, or in the IVeJl Indies, of any Goods or Commodities whatever the Produce of such Territories, Pofsessions, or Countries, in Ships or Vessels belonging to Persons of any Country in Amity with His Majesty was by an Act -of the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to revive and continue, until Eight Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, an Aft made in the Forty second Tear of His present Majesty, for repealing several Acts relating to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in neutral Ships, and to the issuing Orders in Council for that Purpose, and for making other Provfions in lieu ihereof; and also to indemnify all Persons <who have been concerned in issuing or carrying into Execution Orders of Council for permitting the Importation of certain Goods from America in neutral Ships, continued until Eight Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace ; nor shall any Thing herein contained extend or be construed to extend to, or in anyWay affect or alter, the Provisions of an Act of Parliament, pafied in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An A ft to permit the Importation of Goods and Commodities from Countries in America belonging to any Foreign European Sovereign or State, in neutral Ships, during the present IVar, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peaces Provided nevertheless, that upon the Importation of any Goods, in pursuance of the Three last mentioned Adis, the same shall, upon landing* be lodged and secured in Warehouses under and subject to all and each and every the Rules, Regulations, Conditions, Reftridlions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as far as the same are applicable, to which any Goods are subject and liable when landed and secured in Warehouses under the Provisions of the said recited Adi of the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; any Thing in either of the said recited Adis, pafied in the Forty-second, Forty-fourth, and Forty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

HI. f And Whereas upon the Importation of certain Articles, the

*	Produce of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America or the

*	JVejl Indie*, a Certificate is required by Law to be delivered to the

*	Officers of the Customs at the Port of Entry, signed by the Colleo ‘ tor and Comptroller and Naval Officer at the Port where such Ar-

*	tides are loaded for Exportation, setting forth that Proof has been 1 made before Two of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, by the

*	Grower or Planter of such Articles, that the same are actually the ‘ Growth and Produce of such Planters or Growers Plantation; and ■ as no such Justices are or may be resident at some of the Colonies

*	and Plantations which have been or may be surrendered to His

*	Majefty since the Commencement of the present Hostilities, it is

*	expedient to make further Provision with respect to the Persons

*	before whom such Affidavits shall hereafter be made be it therefore enacted, That where, by any Adi or Adis of Parliament relative to the Trade of the Britfh Colonies and Plantations in America, or the IVeJl Indies, an Affidavit shall be required to be made by the Planter or Grower of any Article intended to be shipped for Exportation to Great Britain or Ireland, previous to the Ihipping thereof, in order to prove that such Article is really and truly the Produce of such Colony or Plantation, and there shall not be any Justices of the Peace

M 4	at

Affidavits required by La\r ro prove that the Articles are the Produce of the Colony may be t »ken by the Collectors and Comptrollers of the Customs, in the Colonies.

i6S

C 48,49-	470	GEO.	III.	Seff.	i.	A.D.	1807,

at such Colony or Plantation before whom such Affidavit can be made, it shall and may be lawful for the Planter or Grower to make the same before the Collector and Comptroller, or other Chief Officer ot the Customs, or any Two of them, at the Port or Place from whence any such Articles may be intended to be shipped for Exportation, which Affidavit they fire hereby authorized and required to take ; and in the Certificate which the Collector and Comptroller and Naval Officer, or any Two of them, are required by Law to deliver to the Shipper, they lliall also certify that there are not any Justices of the Peace resident at or within such Colony or Plantation, and upon the Importation of any such Articles into Great Britain or Ireland the same ffiall be admitted to Entry at such and the like Duties as are charged upon Articles when accompanied with the Certificate now required by Law, subject to the several Rules and Regulations, Re-ftri.ftions, Penalties, and Forfeitures to which such Articles areliable on importation into Great Britain or Ireland; any Aft or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in anywise notvyithflanding.

28 G. 3- c. 3^*

shall nut i .MCi'd to prevent the Exportation of Fullers Ea tt, Sec. to any Place in Puff » 1 of His Majesty \rliile allowed to be exp >rtec1 to the Suyar-Colonies.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for permitting the Exportation of Fullers Earth*Fulling Clay, and Tobacco Pipe Clay, to any Place in Possession pf His Majesty.	'	[25th	April	1807.]

€ \Xy HEREASby an Aft passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of c * the Reign of Piis present Majesty, intituled, An A3 to c explain, amend, and reduce into one A3 cf Parliament, several Laws c now in being for preventing the Exportation of Live Sheep, Rams., and 6 Lambs, Wool Woolf els, Mori lings, ShorilingTarn and Worsted ( Cruel, Coverlids, IV: doings, and other MannfMures, or pretended Ma~

‘ nufaSures made of Wool [flight ly wrought up or other wise put together,

‘ so as the same may be redw ed to and made life of as Wool again, Mat-‘ traf/es or Beds fluffed with Combed Wool or Wool fit for combing ^

‘ Fullers Farth, Fulling Clay, and Tobacco Pipe Clay,from this Kingdom, c and from the Isles of Jerfev, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man,

6 iritc foreign Parts ; and for rendering more effectual an /3 passed in

*	the Twenty third Tea< of the Reign of King Henry the Fifth, <ntituled,’ i( n A3 for the winding of Woolf Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay, and

4 Tobacco Pipe Clay are prohibited to be Exported except to any

*	Brilifh Sugar Colony or Plantation in the West Ladies: And f "Whereas it is expedient to allow the Exportation of the said 4 Articles to any other of His Majesty’s Pofieffions be it therefore enacted by the King’s moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Cunfent of the Lords Spiritual ar.d Temporal, and Commons, in this preieut Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That nothing in the said Aft of the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majetly’s Reign, shall extend or be deemed or .conllrued’ to extend to prohibit the Exportation of Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay, and Tobtcco Pipe Clay, from any Port in Great Britain to any Place whatever, ' which now is or may hereafter be in His Majesty’s Pofsession, in any Ship or Vessel which may lawfully trade thither, so long as the Exportation thereof shall he so allowed to His Majesty’s said Sugar Colonies or Plantations, by virtue of any Aft jiow in force pr hereafter to be made*

GAP-*

■

A-D.1807,

GEO III. Self. i?

C9 50.	ltfp

CAP. L,

An Act to repeal the several Duties under the Case of the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof \ and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland.

[25th April 1807.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

?	HE RE AS it is expedient to repeal the several Rates and

< VV Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and

*	upon other Articles and Things under the Care of the Commissioners

*	for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to consolidate and

*	Amplify the same be it therefore enacted, by the King’s most Ex-

cellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent ot the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and singular Present Duties the Duties of Stamps, and other Duties under the Care and Manage- of StaaiPs fo-dl merit of the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon Stamped ^cafe^10™ 5CU Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, in Ireland) and all Allowances on the	^	^

Purchase of Stamps granted and made payable by any Aft or Acts

in force io Ireland, shall, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seven, cease and determine, save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering, allowing, or paying any Arrears of Duties, or Allowances remaining unpaid ; and in all Cases relating to any Offence, Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, which shall have been committed or incurred under the said Acts or any of them, on or before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seven.

II.	* And Whereas the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great

*	Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the ne-?

€ cefiary Suppliesgranted to Your Majesty, and for the Support of your

*	Majefty’s Government, have resolved to grant to Your Majesty several f new and other Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper,

‘ and upon other Articles and Things under the Management of the

*	Commiflioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland; and do most humbly be-‘ feech Your Majesty that it may be enacted be it therefore enacted.

That from and after said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight bun- New Duties and dred and seven, in lieu and in stead of the said Duties and Allowances, Allowances by this Aft repealed, there shall be railed, levied, collested, and paid grancc<^l accord-in Irelnd% unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for and a5 b° and^C^* in respect of the several Iuftruments, Articles, Matters and Things mentioned enumerated, and described in the Schedules marked A. and

B.	to this Aft annexed, the several Sums of Money and Duties as they are respectively inserted, described, and let forth in Words and Figures in the said Schedules marked A. and B ; and that there shall be made, allowed, and paid, for or in respect of all such Articles, Matters, and ^Things, as are inserted, enumerated, and described in the Schedule piarked C. to this Aft annexed, the several Allowances or Sums of Money respectively inserted, deicribed, and fet forth in the said Schedule marked C. any Thing in any former Aft or Acts contained to the contrary m twithltanding ; and that no Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid or given in the Nature of Discount or Allowance on the

Puf-chafe

170

C.5®»

47* GEO. III. Self. i.

A.D.1S07.

Duties, etc. fhr>l) be inBritifh Currency except Milder 6d.

Duties fhnll be under the Ma- ! nagemcnt of

Sranrip Com-jnilTi oners.

All Monies

jinffnp by the Duties shall be paid to the Receiver Genera! of Stamps, and by him into the Irish Ex-chcouer . rrd rarrifd to the Jrifh Cor.i'oM-tiated Fund.

All Distributors is Dublin and the Country, shall remit their Money to tt.e Receiver General.

Recount (ballbe jkept by Stamp Office of Moiety $>f Duty of zol. on Admiftion of Brudents and Rarrifters, and yl. out of 50I. Puty on Apprentices Indentures;

Purchase of Stamps, other than such ae is and are exprefted and directed in the said Schedule marked (C.); any Thing in any former A£t or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

III.	And be it further enacted, That the Duties and Allowances by this A Cl granted and made payable (lave and except Duties less than Sixpence, and Duties exceeding Sixpence and less than One Shilling), shall be paid and payable according to the Amount thereof, in British Currency; and that in all Cases where any Duties of Stamps, or any Allowances in refpeCl thereof, are direCted to be ascertained by the Amount of any Sum in refpcCt whereof such Duties are imppfed or such Allowances are made, such Amount and the Duties and Allowances in respect thereof shall be estimated, calculated, and taken in British Currency.

IV.	And be it further enaCfed, That the several Duties and Allowances hereby granted and made payable, {ball be under the Government, Care, and Management of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties charged upon Stamped Vellum* Parchment, and Paper in Ireland.

V.	And be it further enacted, That all Monies arihng by the several Duties hereby granted shall be paid from Time to Time by the several Distributors of Stamps in Ireland, into the Hands of the Rcr ceiver General for the Time being of the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper in Ireland, and to no other Person whatever, any Law, Usage, or Cuitom to the contrary notwithstanding: And the said Receiver General shall pay the same, (the neceftary Charges of railing, paying, and accounting for the tame being dedufled) into the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland, in such Time and in such Manner as the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are by Law directed to be paid ; and all Monies so paid into the said Receipt fhallbe carried to and made Part oi the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

VI.	And be it further enadxed. That the several Distributors of Stamps employed in the City or the County of the City of Dublin, shall, from Time to Time, pay all Monies received by them into the Hands of the Receiver General of Stamps, in such Manner as they are now by Law required; and that the several Distributors of Stamps employed in all other Parts of Ireland shall, on every Wed* nefday in every Week after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seven, unless the same shall be an ITolyday, and then on the next ensuing Day which shall not be an Holyday, or as speedily after fucli Wednesday or other Day as the Distance of such Distributors respectively ftiall permit, pay all Sums received by them, and then in their Hands respectively, to the said Receiver General of Stamp Duties, and to no other Person or Persona whomsoever 5. any Law* Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Commif-fioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland shall cause to be kept a diftin£f Account of the Amount of all such Money as shall ariie from One Half or Moiety of the respective Duties of Twenty Pounds in the said Schedule (A.) mentioned, on the Admiftion of any Student into the Society of King’s Inns, and on the Admiftion of any Barrister into the Inns of Court ; and from the Sum of Seven Pounds, out of the Duty of Fifty Pounds in the said Schedule mentioned, upon each Part of Indentures binding an Apprentice tQ an Attorney or Solicitor;

and

A.D.1807.

47° GEO. III. Seff.-i.

C.50.

and that out of the Monies paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer of Ireland by the Receiver General of Stamp Duties, the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury in Ireland, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, shall cause the Amount of all such Sums respectively to be from Time to Time paid to the Treasurer of the said Society of King’s Ions, to be applied by him in such Manner as shall be directed by the said Society.

VIII.	‘ And Whereas it may happen that Stationers and other

*	Perfons may, after the palling of this Act, have Stamps which have f not been used, and which, from the Alterations herein made, may

*	not be applicable to the Purposes for which they were originally

*	intended ; and it is expedient that such Stationers and other Persons

*	Ihould be allowed to exchange the same for other Stamps/ be it therefore enabled, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said .Commissioners of Stamps in Ireland, and they are hereby authorized and required, at any Time within Twelve Months after the paffmg of this Aft, to deliver to such Persons as shall apply for the same, in Exchange for Stamps which by the Alterations in this Aft made, may have become useless or inapplicable to the Purposes for which they were originally intended, such other Stamps as the Party or Parties applying shall require, without Regard to the Value or Amount of each Stamp returned, so as the Value or Amount of the whole Quantity of Stamps to be delivered doth not exceed the actual Value or Amount of the whole Quantity of Stamps returned;; any Thing in this Aft or any other Aft or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That any Deed, Instrument, Matter or Thing, which shall be {tamped or impressed with any Stamp of greater Value than the Stamp required by Law, shall be valid .and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, although the Stamp on such Deed, Instrument, Matter or Thing, shall not be of the particular Denomination or Description required by Law; any Statute, Law, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

X.	And be it further enacted. That upon Oath (or solemn Affirmation of a known Quaker) made at the Head Office in Dublin, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of Stamps, or any of them, or of any Officer to be by them in that Behalf appointed (which Oath jpr Affirmation the said Commissioners are, or any of them is, and the said Officer also is hereby authorized to administer, in lieu of any other Oath now required by Law) that any Stamped Vellum, Parchment, pr Paper, printed, engrossed, or written upon and inadvertently and undefignedly obliterated, or by any other Means rendered unfit for the Purpoie intended, hath not been executed or ligned by any Party or Parties, or used for any of the Purposes for which the same was or were intended, and that the Person making such Affidavit hath not, nor hath any other Person on his Account, received, and that such Person will not receive any Money, or other Consideration, for the Stamp thereupon ; and that the said Stamp or Stamps is or are really and truly the Property of the Person making such Affidavit, and have or hath been paid for by such Person, to the full Amount of the Duty thereon, and that such Person will be a Loser to such Amount, unless such Person shall receive other Stamps in lieu thereof ; and jn case the Person or Persons who shall bong and deliver any Quantity ff such Stamped yellum* P^chment, or Paper, rendered unfit for Use,

171

and paid by the Treasury 10 the King’s Inn*,

Stamps become useless may be exchanged within 12, Month®.

Instruments with a Stamp greater than requihte valid.

Spoiled Stamps may be changed on Oath sr Affirmation made as here required. (See 43 G. 3.

§ 16.)

172

C.50.

47° GEO. III. Seif. 1.

A.D.1807.

The Number and-Value of Stamps fur Deed:, a'coidirtg-to their Length, shall he c.ilcu-Jaicd :n Manner herein lpecifkd, yiz.

Where a Deed

shall Con hil of

1efs than 30 Sheets, and be \T) itten wn a (ingle Skin One Stamp ef jos.

If written on r»ore Skins4 than One, ics. fur the putt unci 5s. for every other.

Deeds, Sic. confi(l ing of 30 Sheets- or men e, written on One skinv io«. for ti c Full 15 Sheets ;

for the next 13 Sheets.

Deeds above 30 Sheets vet itten on more than One Skin, jos on the Fbft Skm, and . 5s. for each 15 Sheers,above rne

Full

*5i

and 3 s.'

shall produce at the same Time the like Quantity of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, to be stamped,.then and in every such Case, the said Comqaiffioners shall cause the same to be stamped or marked, with the several and respective Duties stamped, marked, or impressed, on the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, so rendered unfit for Use, without demanding or taking, directly or indirectly, for the Duty on the same, any Sum of Money, or other Con fide rati on whatever.

XI. And be it further enabled, That from And after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seven, where any Duty is by this Aft, or by the Schedules hereto annexed, or any of them, directed to be paid according to the Number of Sheets, every such Sheet shall be computed and calculated to contain Seventy-two Words, (except where exprefa Mention is made in the said Schedules or any of them, of any other or different Quantity or Mode of Calculation); and that in all Cases where any Stamp "Duty of Ten Shillings and Five Shillings are imposed, according to the Number of Sheets, the Number of Stamps to be put on the Skin or Skins, or Pi.ce or ‘ Pieces of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Sheets or Piece or Pieces of Paper, upon which any Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, lnftrument, or Writing, mall be engrossed, written or printed, shall be regulated in Manner following; that is to say, where the Quantity of Words of which such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, lnftrument, or Writing shall confiff, shall not amount to Thirty computed Sheets in the Whole, calculated as aforesaid, and the same shall be engrossed, written, or printed on One Skin or Sheet, or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper only. One Stamp of Ten Shillings shall be put on the Skin or Sheet, or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, on which the same shall be engrossed, written, or printed ; and if the same shall be engrossed, written, or printed on more than One Skin or Sheet, or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, then a Stamp of Ten Shillings shall be put on the First Skin, or Sheet or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, and a Stamp of Five Shillings on every other Skin, or Sheet or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, on which the same shall be engrossed, written, or printed : And where the Quantity or Number of Words of which such Indenture, Lease, or Bond, or other Deed, lnftrument, or Writing, fhal] consist, shall amount unto Thirty such computed Sheets or more, and if such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or u>ther Deed, In^ ftrument, or Writing, shall be engrossed, written, or printed, on One Skin or Sheet, or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, then One Stamp of Ten Shillings shall be pgt upon such Skin or Sheet, or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, for the first entire Quantity of Fifteen computed Sheets of which such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or ether Deed, lnftrument, or Writing shall consist ; and also a Stamp of Five Shillings for.the next entire Quantity of Fifteen computed Sheets, and lb progressively One other Stamp of Five Shillings for each further entire Quantity of Fifteen computedSheets, of which such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, lnftrument, or Writing shall coniift, over and above the First Fifteen computed Sheets : And if such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Jn ftrument, or Writing, consisting of Thirty computed Sheets or more, shall be engrossed, written, or printed on more than One Skin or Sheet or Piece or Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, then a Stamp of Ten Shillings shall be put on the First Skin or Sheet or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or

7	PaPer»

A.D. 1&07.

470 GEO. III. SeiT. t,

C.50.

1 )3

Paper, and also a Stamp of Five Shillings for each entire Quantity of stamp on every Fifteen computed Sheets, which such First Skin or Sheet', or Piece of fui.fcr|«ent $kia. Vellum, Parchment, or Paper shall contain over and above the First Stamp., in the # Fifteen computed Sheets ; and alio One or more Stamp or Stamps	to,he

of Five Shillings, on, each and every other Skin or Sheet or Piece of	0

Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, on which such Indenture, Lease, according-to the Bond, or other Deed, Inllrument, or Writing, shall be engrossed, a&ualSkm*or written, or printed, and that so many Stamps in the Whole and no computed more, shall be imposed in respect of every Indenture, .Lease, Bond, neas* or other Deed, that the full Duty for the same shall be paid, either .according to the Number of Skins or Sheets, or Pieces of Vellum,

Parchment, or Paper, on which the same shall be adfually engrossed, written, or printed, or according to the Number of computed Sheets of which such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, shall actually consist, whichever shall produce the greatest Amount of Duty, according to the Duties, Calculations, and Regulations in this A6R

and the Schedule thereto contained : Provided always, that if the

l\o Sramp for any Ex eels ieij than 15 Sheets unless written ot

Quantity or Number of Words of which any such Indenture, Lease,

Bond, or other Deed, Inllrument, or Writing, shall confiit, shall, after calculating every entire Quantity of Fifteen computed Sheets a ferrate Skirv> thereof in Manner aforesaid, exceed the Number of such computed and then 55. Sheets so calculated by a less Number of Words than other Fifteen-fuch computed Sheets, no Stamp shall be required for such Excess above the Number of computed Sheets so calculated, unless such Excess or some Part thereof shall be engrossed, written, or printed on a distinct Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which less than Fifteen Sheets in the Whole shall be engrossed, written, or printed, in which Case a Stamp Duty of Five Shillings shall be put on the Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parch-. ment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which such Excess or Part thereof shall be engrossed, written, or printed ; Provided also, that Stamp Duties

where a Stamp Duty is imposed on any indenture. Bond, Lease, or vaIJ'rem p1*?

other Deed, Inllrument, or Writing, in Proportion to the Amount ^eP'!lre(Pfc^

of Rent referred, or of Money lent or paid, such Stamp Duty fnall sheers infteadoi be paid and payable (in lieu of the Stamp Duty of Ten Shillings) iqs. Duty, on the Fir'll Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece ‘ of Paper, on which such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed*

.Inllrument, or Writing, shall be. engrossed, written, or printed, and in respect only of any Number of Words not amounting to the Quantity of Thirty computed Sheets, of which such Indenture, Lease,

Bond, or other Deed, Inllrument, or Writing, shall con fill ; and that in respect of each and every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, more than one on which such Indenture,

Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Inllrument, or Writing, shall be en-grofled, written, qr printed, or in refpe61 of each and every entire Quantity of Fifteen Sheets, of which such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Instrument, or Writing, over and above the First Fifteen computed Sheets thereof, a Stamp Duty of Five Shillings shall be paid; and the Number of Stamps shall be calculated and put on the Skin or Skins, or Sheet or Sheets, or Piece or Pieces of Vellum,

Parchment, or Paper, on which such Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Instrument, or Writing, shall be engracted, written, or printed, according to the Dire6lions of this A 61, as in case of any Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, Instrument, or Writing,

not

cs. for each 15 Sheets above tl‘ Fn ft in such Deeds stamped ad valorem.

Hosted by

*74

Not to extend to Cases expressly exempted.

Mortgages, &c. liable to the ad valorem Stamps ody on the First Skin of the Part executed by the Mortgagor, &c.

Renewal of Leases liable to a Stamp Duty ,as Originals.

• Tfiis Part repealed. 47 G. 3 Jt.z. c. 14. § 14.

Conveyancers, &c. £hall take out annual Certificate.

t. 50.	470	GEO.	Ilf. Seff. r.	A.D. 1807.

not chargeable according to the Amount of Rent reserved or Money lent or paid : Provided also, that nothing herein contained ffiall extend to Cases where it is expressly provided in this Aft, Or any of the Schedules hereto annexed, that any Duty imposed and mentioned ii* such Schedule ffiall not be charged upon or ia respect of more than One Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment.

XII.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Duty by this Aft: and the Schedule (A.) hereto annexed, imposed on any Deed or other Instrument for the Security by way of Mortgage of any Sum of Money lent on any Estate or Property whatever, or for the Sale, Settlement, or Conveyance of any Property whatsoever, whether Real or Personal, according to the Amount of the Money lent or of the Consideration paid, shall be paid and payable only on the First Skin or Piece or Sheet of Vellum, Parchment* or Paper, on which the Part of such Deed or other Instrument which shall be executed by the Mortgagor or Grantor shall be' engrossed, written, or printed ; and that the First Skin or Sheet or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, on which the Part of such Deed or Instrument which shall be executed by the Mortgagee or Grantee, shall* be engrossed, written, or printed, shall be liable to such Stamp or Stamps-as any Deed or Instrument of the like Nature, not chargeable according to the Amount of Money lent or Consideration paid.

XIII.	And be it enacted and declared, That every Deed or Instrument whereby any Lease or Demise of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in Ireland, shall be renewed, shall be deemed and taken, and is hereby declared to be liable to the Stamp Duty by this Aft imposed on any Indenture, Lease, Release, or Deed, Minute, or Memorandum, or legal or equitable Article, for setting or demifing Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in like Manner as such Indenture, Lease, Release, or Deed, Minute or Memorandum, or legal or equitable Article, is in the First Inftanee liable; [and every such Deed or Instrument, whereby such Lease or Demise shall be renewed, which shall not be stamped accordingly, shall be wholly* void and of no Effect.1]

XIV.	And be it further enacted. That from and after the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and seven, every Person* being.a Member of the Society of King’s Inns in Dublin, who shall praftifeas afpecial Pleader, or as a Draftfmaiiin any Court of Equity, or as a Conveyaneer, or who shall draw or prepare any Conveyance' of, or Deed relating to any Real or Personal Estate, or any Proceedings in Law or Equity, shall annually, between the First Day of November and the Commencement of Hilary Term then next following, during such Time as he shall continue so to practise, deliver or cause to be delivered to the said Commillioners of Stamp Duties or to any Officer or Officers appointed for that Purpose by them, at the Head Office of Stamps in Dublin, a Paper or Note in Writing, containing the Name and usual Place of Residence of such Person, and stating whether he has so practised Three Years or not, and thereupon and upon Payment of the Stamp Duty payable, according to the Time he ffiall have practised as stated in such Paper, Note, or Writing, every such Person shall be entitled to a Certificate duly stamped, to denote the Payment of the Duty imposed according to the Time he ffiall have practised as aforesaid; which Certificate the said Commif-£on«rs, or such Person ©r Persons as ffiall be appointed by them for

*75

A.D. 1807.	470 GfiO. III. SefT u	Cijo.

that Purpose, shall cause to be immediately issued under the Hand and Name of the proper Officer, in inch Form as the said Commissioners shall devise.

XV. And be it further enabled, That from and after the Fir ft Day of November One thousand eight hundred and seven, if shall not be ^exce^z lawful for any Person in Ireland, to draw or prepare any Conveyance b^rri*C^C of, or Deed relating to any Real or Personal Estate, or any Proceed- Attornies, ings in Law or Equity, for or in Expectation of any Fee', Gain, Profit, Conveyancers, or Reward, diredliy or indirectly, who fnall not be a Serjeant at Law	a	^

orBarrifter, or an Attorney or Solicitor, Prodlor, Agent, or Procu- l.av-^c R rator, duly admitted into some Court in Ireland, or a Special Pleader, Certificates. Draftfman in Equity, or Conveyaneer, being a Member of the King’s Penalty $oL Inns, and having taken out a Certificate as such Attorney, Solicitor,

Prodlor, Agent, or Procurator, Special Pleader, Draftfman, or Conveyancer respectively, duly stamped according to Law: And every Person other than and except such Serjeant at Law, Barrister,

Attorney, Solicitor, Prodlor, Agent, or Procurator, Special Pleader,

Draftfman, or Conveyaneer, who shall draw or prepare any such Conveyance, Deed, or Proceedings, for or in Expectation of any Fee, Gain, Profit, or Reward, diredliy or indirectly, shall for every Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds: Provided always, Exceptions* that nothing herein contained fnall extend to Perfoas solely employed Copies, to engross any Deed, Instrument, or other Proceedings not drawn or Public Offices, prepared by themselves, and for their own Account respectively, nor wirs> &c*-£0 any publick Officers drawing or preparing official Instruments applicable to their respective Offices, and in the Course of their Duty; nor to prevent any Person or Perfon? from drawing or preparing any Will or other Testamentary Paper, or any Agreement not under Seal, or any Letter of Attorney.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Attorney (Kali Attorney or Solicitor, Prodlor, Agent, or Procurator, to sue out any not practise by Writ or Process, or to commence, prosecute, carry on, or defend, any himself °r

a n *	c •.	r,	I	aX	o v •. J Partner without

Action or Suit, or any Proceeding, as an Attorney or Solicitor, takingoutyearly

Prodlor, Agent, or Procurator, either in hit own Name or in the Certificate under Name of any other Person, or jointly with any other Person a8 his 46 G. 3.C, 64* Partner, Agent, or otherwise, who shall not have obtained such yearly § 24*a7» Certificate, as by an Adi of the Forty-iixth Year of His present Ma-jefty’s Reign, intituled, An Ad to repeal the federal Duties under the Hare of the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon Stamped Vellum 9 Parchment, and Paper In Ireland, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof, and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties irk Ireland, is required, for the Year in which he shall so practise as an Attorney, Solicitor, Prodlor, Agent, or Procurator; and if any Attorney, Solicitor, Prodlor, Agent, or Procurator, shall act contrary to the Diredlions of this Adi or the said recited Act, he shall be liable to all such Pains, Penalties, and Disabilities as by the said last recited Adi are imposed on Persons acting without having obtained such Certificate as aforesaid.

<( Writs shall be duly returned and filed. Penalty 50I. § 17. [Repealed , u 47 G. 3. Jl. 2. r. 14. § 15.]— AH Acceptances shall be written on “ Front of Bills of Exchange. § 18. [Repealed 47 G. 3. Jl. 2. £.14.

“ § IJ.]

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for every ^r,nu.t” of $ody Politick or Corporate, Corporation or Company, in Ireland,

10	which

C-50.

47° GEO. III. SefT.i.

A.D.i8o7i

lh^il he flapped in their Books

Per.airy rcl and

*he ^dmifiiun

void.

(See 4r, G. 3.

* 64. § 22.)

a This Part repealed 47 G. 3. /. 2. c. 14. § 17.

Officers of all Courts shall caufc Rule|Boo-ks to be fin roped. (See 4.6 G. 3.

c.64. 5 3j.y

and on any Neglc <T, shall be liable to Penalties under s6 G. 3.

C. 64. § 12.

Rule Bonk*?- of Supa ior Com ts may be damped at the End of each Term.

[ to Inferior Court i fee 47 G. 3.//. 2.

^ 14. § 21.]

which shall admit any Person or Persons into any such Corporation or Company, by themselves, or by some Person or Perfuns employed by inch Corporation or Company, and they are hereby required pre* vioufly to the Admission of any such Person into any such Corporation or Company, to demand and receive for the Use of His MajeHy, His Heirs and Successors, of and from the Person so to be admitted, the several and respective Stamp Duties which {half be. then by Law payable on the Entry, Minute, or Memorandum of Admission of such Person into such Corporation or Company ; and the Town Clerk, or Clerk, or other Officer of such Body Politick or Corporate, Corporation or Company, shall make an Entry, Minute, or Memorandum, of such Admission, upon the proper Stamp, in some Book, Roll, or Record, of such Corporation or Company, within One Month after such Person {ball be so,admitted into such Corporation or Company, and if such Town Clerk, Clerk, or other Officer, shall negleCt or reiufe so to do, h<? shall for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds ; [and every such Entry, Minute or Memorandum, of Admission, shall bear Date and take Effedf from the Day when the same shall be made, written and entered upon the proper Stamp, pursuant to the Directions of this Act* and not before, and if the Stamp Duty on any such Entry, Minute, or Memorandum, shall remain unpaid by the Space of One Month after the Day' of Meeting of such Body Politick or Corporate, Corporation or Company, on which such Admission was directed, then such Admission of such Person into such Corporation or Company shall be entirely void, and of none EffeCt.*]

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Officer or Officers of -each and every Court of Law or Equity, or of any Ecclesiastical Court, or Court of Admiralty, or of any other Court in Ireland, holding Pleas, where the Debt or Damage doth amount to Forty Shillings, or the Thing in Demand, or Cause of Suit, is of that Value, having the legal Cultody of the.Rule Books belonging to each of the said Courts refpeCtively, shall cause such Rule Books to be duly ffamped, in Manner directed by the said recited A Ct of the Forty-fixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, or by this Act, in such Manner as if such Officers and Courts were specifically named in the said recited Act and this Act ; and all such Officers shall be fubjcCt to such Penalties for anyNegleCt or MifconduCt in the Execution of their Offices refpeCtively, as are imposed on Officers for NegleCt or MifconduCt, in and by the said recited Act of the Forty-fix th Year aforesaid, or by this Act, as fully to all Intents and Pur* poses as if such Penalties were expressly repeated and re-enacted with respect to the said Officers-

XXL And, for the more conveniently ascertaining the Duties on Rules and Orders to be from Time to Time made and given in Causes depending in the said Courts of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, Chan* eery, or Exchequer, be it enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for the Officer or Officers of each, and every such Courts refpeCtively* having the legal Custody of the Rule Books belonging to each of the said Courts refpeCtively, within Ten Days after the last Day of each and every Term, to produce and bring such Rule Books to the proper Officer, to be appointed by the said Commissioners of Stamps for that Purpose, at the Head Office of the said Commissioners in Dublin; and such Officer or Officers shall insert in each and every

fuck

Hosted by

A*D. 1807.

470 GEO. III. Seff. 1.

C.50:

177

fach Rule Book, immediately after the lad Rule entered therein, at the Time of producing the same, a Certificate duly signed by such Officer or Officers of the said Courts respectively, dating the Number of Rules and Orders of such Courts respectively made or entered in such Rule Books in such preceding Term and Vacation ; and such Officer or Officers shall thereupon pay the full Amount of all such Stamp Duties as shall be then by Law payable for or in respect of such Rules or Orders refpedhively ; and the said Rule Books shall thereupon be damped with some Stamp or Stamps, denoting the full Amount of the Whole of the Stamp Duties payable in respect of the several Rules so made and entered in such preceding Term or Vacation, which Stamp or Stamps shall be as few in Number as shall be requisite to (hew the Amount of Duty so paid in Pounds and Shillings, and shall be placed on the same Page on which the Certificate of such Officer or Officers shall be written as aforel’aid ; and if any Officer of any of the said Courts shall neglect or omit to bring such Rule Book or Rule Books, or to furnish such Certificate or Certificates, or pay such Duties as aforesaid, then and in every such Case, every such Officer shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXII.	And be it further enabled, That whenever any Office of any Court of Law or Equity in Ireland shall make out or deliver any at-teded Copy of any Pleading or Proceeding of any Nature or Kind whatever in such Court, such Officer shall in the Book in which Entry shall be made of any such Pleadingor Proceeding, mark in Figures the Number of Office Sheets of which such Copy shall confid, and shall in like Manner mark on the Back of every such Copy the Number of Office Sheets contained therein.

XXIII.	And be it further enabled, That every atteded Copy of any Interrogatories or any Depositions in the Court of Chancery, or in the Equity Side of the Court of Exchequer, shall be signed by the Examiners of the said Courts respectively; and every such Examiner shall date and appoint in Writing at the Foot of every such atteded Copy, whether the same is to be read by or on the Part of any Complainant or Plaintiff, or by or on the Part of any Defendant in the Suit in which such Interrogatories or Depositions shall have been taken ; and it shall not be lawful for any such Complainant or Plaintiff to read or give in Evidence any Copy of any such Interrogatories or Depositions which shall be so appointed to be read on the Behalf of the Defendant in such Suit, nor for any Defendant to read or give in Evidence any such Copy which shall be so appointed to be read on Behalf of the Complainant; any Law, Usage, or Cudom to the contrary notwith-Ilanding.

XXIV.	And be it further enabled. That it shall be lawful for all Bankers in Ireland to regider the Firm of the Bank or Banks to which they do or shall respectively belong, or the Name or Names of the Partners in such Bank or Banks with the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treafurpr of Ireland; and that all Persons so regidering themselves as Bankers shall, to all Intents and Purposes, be eonfidered as Bankers within the Meaning of the Laws now in force in Ireland.

XXV.	And be it further enadfed. That no Receipt shall be received in Evidence as a Discharge, or as any Proof of the Payment of any Sum not actually exprefied >and specified therein, unless such

47 Geo® III,	N	Receipt

Officers shall nore Number of Sheets in C pies of Pleadings,&c.

Copies of Depositions, &<\ shall be marked for P'aintiff or Defendant, and read by each accordingly.

Bankers may register their Firms with the Trea.ury.

Receipts shall be gooi nly for the Sum exprefied, unless fiamped as Receipts in full*

17S

Licence? foBcal-ers in Stamps may be revoked; (Sec 46 G. 3. c* 64- § 430

Licences shall extend only to Places named therein.

Pat ty liccnfcd mav have the i-kufe or Place changed by Indoilemcnt.

Executors, tec. be lore obrainir Pio bate, frail fweai to the Valoe of the Effects.

C. sc.	470	GEO.	III.	Self.	1.	A.D.1S07.

Receipt shall have the proper Stamp for a Receipt in full of all Demands : Provided always, that where any Receipt for any Sum or Sums of Money shall purport to be in full of all Dealings or Demands, or in full of any particular Dealing or Dealings, and ffiall not have the proper Stamp for a Receipt in full, such Receipt may nevertheless be given in Evidence to prove the Payment of the Sum or Sums so ex-pvefted therein, if it shall have the Stamp proper for such Sum or Sums, or if such Sum or Sums be so small as not to require any Stamp thereon.

XXVI.	And be it further enaPled, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commiiiioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, by Notice under his or their Hand or Hands, to reyoke, annul, and. make void, any Licence granted by the said Commissioners, or any One of them, to any Person or Persons to deal in or retail Stamps in Ireland; any Thing in any API or APts to the contrary notwithftand-ing.

XXVII.	And be it further enaPced, That if any Licence shall at any Time be granted by the said Ccmmiffioners of Stamp Duties to any Person or Persons to lell Stamps or to manufacture Hats, or to fell Hats by Retail in any particular House, Place, or DiftriPt, mentioned in such Licence, l'uch Person or Persons Hall not be thereby authorized or entitled to fell such Stamps or other Matter or Thing, or to carry on such Trade, Bufmess, Prosession, or Calling, in any other House, Place, or DiftriPt, but Hall as to every such other House, Place, or DiftriPt, be corrfidered as unlicensed and fubjePt to all Pains and Penalties as such, save as herein othenvife particularly provided.

XXVIII.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That if the Person obtaining any such Licence shall be minded to remove from the Place mentioned in such Licence for carrying on such Bufmess, and to carry on the same in any other LIcufe in the same City, Town, or Town-land, then and in every such Case it Hall and maybe lawful to and for such Person to carry or fend such Licence to the said Commiiiioners, or any of them, or any Officer or Officers to be by them appointed for that Purpose, who shall indorse upon the said Licence the House or Place to which such Party shall have removed, and the Time then to come of the Term of the said Licence, and from thenceforth such Licence Hall be good, valid, and effePtual, according to the Contents thereof, and of the said Indorsement, and not otherwise ; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXIX.	And be it further enaPted, That from and after the said S Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seven, every Executor and Adminiflrator, or other Person who shall apply to any Ecclesiastical Court in Ireland, to obtain Probate of the Will or Letters of Administration of the Goods and Chattels, Estate and EffePts of any Person deceased, except Administration pendente lite or de bonis non? shall, before obtaining such Probate or Letters of Administration, make Oath of the whole Amount of the Value of the Estate and EffePls, Goods and Chattels, Rights and Credits of such deceased Person, to the best of the Knowledge and Belief of such Executor, Adminiflrator, or other Person ; and the Judge of the Court out of which such Probate or Letters of Adminiftraticn shall be required to be issued, or some Surrogate or other Person appointed by such Judge for that Purpose shall administer such Oath, and such Judge,Surrogate*

9	or

or other Person, Js hereby authorized and required to administer the same accordingly ; and any Person who shall obtain any Probate or Letters of Administration without having made such Oath as afore« said, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXX'. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Executors, &c. Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seven, every Exe- 0fr Persons cutor, Administrator, nearelt of Kin, Creditor, or other Person who shall administer or enter upon the PofTefTion or Management of all or q ,^ \nU^^ any of the Personal or moveable ESlate or Effects of any dcceafedPer- Ecclesiastical son in Ireland, shall, before disposing of or distributing any Part of Court, an such EState or Efsects, or at al] Events within Six Calendar Months J^ventor^of the after the Death of the Person so dying,exhibit upon Oath in the proper ^ £g!e£s If Ecclesiastical Court in Ireland, a full and complete Inventory of fuck tjic Deceased. EState and Effects, either recovered at the Time of exhibiting such Inventory or known to be existing, distinguishing whether situate in Ireland or elsewhere ; and in case at any Period a Discovery Shall be made of other Effects belonging to the Deceased, which, on Account of their not being known at the Time, were omitted in the said original Inventory, an additional Inventory or Inventories of the same shall in like Manner be exhibited on Oath by any Person or Persons administering or aSTuming the Management or Disposal thereof; and in case any such Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to exhibit any such original or additional Inventory, or shall knowingly omit to include any Part of any such ESlate and Effects therein, every Person so ne-gledting, refufmg, or omitting, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds for each such Negleet, Refusal, or Omission ; to be recovered and applied in the same Manner as any Penalty may by this Act be recovered and applied.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted, That every Person in Ireland Penalty on who shall adminilter the Whole or any Part of the Personal Eltate of Persons any Person dying after the palling of this Adi, and leaving a Personal administering Property to the Amount of Two hundred Pounds or upwards, with- Pe.r[onal^:ues out proving the Will of the Deceased, or taking out Letters of Ad- profane, ministration of such Personal ESlate within Six Calendar Months after within 6Months. the Death of the Person so dying, Shall forfeit and pay the Sum of

Fifty Pounds, to be recovered and applied in the same Manner as any '

Penalty may by this Act be recovered and applied.

XXXII.	And be it further enacted. That the several Duties by this Duties on Act and the Schedules hereunto annexed, imposed on Receipts or Dif- Receipts for charges for Legacies given by Will out of any Personal ESlate, or for Legac.es or the Residue, or any Part of the Residue, of any Personal ESlate of perfo'nU Estate any Person dying teSlate or inteSlate, Shall be accounted for, answered, fball be pair; by and paid by the Executor, Administrator, or other Person or Persons Executor, &c. who shall actually have or take the Burthen of the Execution of the 011 ,;crain,ng or Will or other TeSlamentary Instrument, or the Administration of the Pa>‘inS Legacies. Personal ESlate of any Person deceased, upon the Retainer by such

Executor, Administrator, or other Person or Persons for his, her, or their own Benefit, or for the Benefit of any Legatee, next of Kin, or other Person or Persons, of any Legacy, or any Part of any Legacy, or of the Residue of any Personal Estate, or any Part of such Relidue, which such Executor, Administrator, or other Person or Persons Shall be entitled so to retain, either in his, her, or their own Right, or in the Right or for the Benefit of any Legatee, next of Kin, or other

N a	Perfon,

iSo

C. 50.

470 GEO. III. Seff. 3.

A.D.1807.

J f Executor shall main or pay Legacy without having fir It paid the Duly or taken aftamped

PeiTon or Persons ; and alfo- upon Delivery, Payment, or other Satisfaction or Discharge whatsoever, of any Legacy, or any Part of any Legacy, or of the Residue of any Personal Estate, or any Part of such Reiidue, to which any Legatee, next of Kin, or other Person or Persons, may be entitled : And in case any Executor, Administrator, or other Person or Persons having or taking the Burthen of such Execution or Administration as aforesaid, shall retain for his, her, or their own Benefit, or for the Benefit of any Legatee, next of Kin, or other Person or Persons, any Legacy or any Part of any Legacy, or Receipt, or shall the Residue of any Personal Estate, or any Part of such Residue, dcdu^inwhich such Executor, Administrator, or other Person or Persons shall Duty, such Duty he entitled so to retain, either in his, her, or their own Right, or in shall b' a Drbt the Right or for the Benefit of any Legatee, next of Kin, or other to the King from Person or Persons, and upon the Receipt or Discharge for which any the Executor. Duty shall be chargeable by virtue of this Act or the Schedules hereto annexed, not having first paid such Duty, or without taking a Receipt duly stamped with the Duty by this Act and the Schedules hereto annexed imposed in respect of such Legacy, or Residue or Part thereof ; or shall deliver, pay, or otherwise howsoever satisfy or discharge any Legacy, or any Part of any Legacy, or the Residue of any Personal Estate or any Part thereof, to which any Legatee, next of Kin, or other Person or Persons shall be entitled, and upon the Receipt for which any Duty shall be chargeable by virtue of this A£t, having received or deducted the .Duty so chargeable ; then and in each and every such Case the Duty which shall be due and payable upon the Receipt or Discharge for any such Legacy and Part of Legacy, and Reiidue and Part of Residue respectively, and which shall not have been duly paid and satisfied to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, according to the Proviiions of this Aft, shall be a Debt to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, of and from such Executor, Administrator, or other Person or Persons having or taking the Burden of such Execution or Adminift ration as aforesaid: And in case any such Executor, Administrator, or other Person or Persons having or taking the Burthen of such Execution or Administration as aforesaid, shall deliver, pay, or otherwise howsoever satisfy or discharge any Legacy or Residue, or any Part of such Legacy or Residue, to or for the Benefit of any Legatee, next of Kin, or other Person or Persons entitled thereto, without having received or deducted the Duty chargeable thereon, or without taking a Receipt duly stamped with the Duty by this A£t and the Schedules hereto annexed imposed in respect of such Legacy, or Residue or Part thereof, then and in every such Case such Duty shall be a Debt to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, as well of the Executor, Administrator, or other Person or Persons who shall 'make such Delivery, Payment, Satisfaction, or Discharge, as of the Legatee, next of Kin, or other Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Duties by this A6I, and the Schedules hereunto annexed, imposed on Receipts or Dif-charges for Legacies charged upon or given out of any Real Estate, or Monies arising from the Sale of Real Estate, or upon Refidues, or Parts or Shares of Refidues, of any such Monies arising from the Sale of any Real Estate, shall be accounted for answered, and paid, by the Trustee orTruftees to whom the Real Estate shall be deviled, out of y	which

If Executor, See. shall pay Legacy without deducting or pay ing the Duty, such Duty shall be a Debt to the King both from the Executor and Legatee.

Duties on Receipts for Legacies out of Real Estate shall be charged on the Trustee, &c.

Hosted by

A.D. 1807.	470 GEO. III. Seff.i.	C	50.	1S1

which the Legacy or Legacies, or Share or Shares of any Money arising out of the Sale or other Disposition of such Real Estate shall be to be paid or satisfied; or if there shall be no Trustee orTruftees, then by the Person or Persons entitled to such Real Estate fubjebt to any Legacy, or by the Person or Persons empowered or required to pay or satisfy any such Legacy : And^ the said Duties shall be paid, satisfied, discharged, or retained by the Person paying or satisfying any such Legacy or Share of Money, in such Manner, and under such Penalties and Regulations, so far as the same can be made applicable, as is heretofore directed, mentioned, and contained with refpedf: to Legacies given out of any Personal Estate, or with respect to the Residue, or any Part of the Residue of any Personal Estate.

XXXIV.	And be it further enacted, That in every Case in which Application may any Executor or Administrator or other Person or Persons taking the be made to the Burthen of the Execution of the Will or other Testamentary Inftru- Exchequer ment, or the Administration of the Personal Estate of any Person againfl1 * deceased, or any Trustee or other Person to whom any Real Estate Executors or shall be devised, or who shall be entitled to any Real Estate fubjefl to Truftccs.

any Legacy, shall not have paid any Duties by this Act imposed on any Receipts or Discharges for any Legacy or for any Residue or Part of any Residue pursuant to the Directions of this Act within a proper and reasonable Time ; it shall be lawful for His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Ireland^ upon Application to be made for that Purpose on Behalf of the said Comimftioners for managing the said Duties on Stamps, upon such Affidavit or Affidavits as to the said Court may appear to be sufficient, to grant a Rule requiring such Executor, Administrator, Trustee, or other Person or Persons, to ffiew Cause why he she or they should not deliver to the said Commissioners of Stamps an Account upon Oath of all the Legacies and of all the Property re-fpe&ively paid or to be paid or administered by such Executor or administrator, or other Person or Persons, or given or bequeathed to such Trustee or other Person entitled to any Real Estate fubjeCl to any such Legacy as the Case may be, and why the Duties on any such Lega. cies or any Shares or Residue of any such Estate Real or Personal have not been paid, or should not be forthwith paid according to Law, and to make any such Rule of Court absolute in every Case in which the same may appear to the said Court to be proper and necessary for the enforcing the Payment of any of the said Duties.

XXXV.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Regiftrars of

said Commissioners for managing the said Duties of Stamps, or any Ecclesiastic.U One or more of them, to require of every Regiftrar or other Officer Courts shall pf any Ecclesiastical Court in Ireland having the Custody or Care of ^v^^co^r-any Wills proved in any such Court, or having the Custody of any 0	1	S'	c*

Entry or Register of any Admin ift ratio ns granted in any such Court,

an Account of all such Wills and Letters of Administration, together with the Particulars relating thereto, and Extrafls from any such Wills as may seem necessary to such Commissioners, on Payment of such Fees as shall be agreed upon for the same, or as in case of any Dispute ftiall be settled and allowed by the Ecclesiastical Court for that Pur-pose; and every such Officer as aforesaid is hereby authorized and required within One Month after any such Requisition so made by the said Commissioners or any One or more of them, or by any Person authorized by them for that Purpose, to make out and deliver such.

N 3	Account

>y

102

Legacies for chat itable Purposes exempted.

Copies of Convictions shall be tr an knitted by Clerk of P'.ace to Stamp Diltribuior,

Forms of Proceedings on Affirmance of Conviction on Appeal,

C.50.	470	GEO,	III.	Seffii.	A.D.	1807.

Account as aforesaid; and if any such Fvegiflrar or other Officer as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to make out and deliver any such Account as aforesaid within One Month after any Demand made as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully make out and deliver any false Account, every such Regiftrar or other Officer shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered by Information in the Name of His Majesty’s Attorney General for Ireland, to the Use of His Majesty His Heirs and Successors.

XXXVI.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Legacy given for the Education or Maintenance of Poor Children in Ireland, or to be applied in the Support of any publick Charitable Institution in Ireland, shall be liable to any Duty on Legacies under this or any other Aft or Acts in force in Ireland ; and that no Legacy consisting of Books, Prints, Pictures, Statues, Gems, Coins, Medals, Specimens of Natural History, or other specific Articles which shall be given or Dequeathed to or in Trull for any Body Corporate, whether Aggregate or Sole, or any Society, or any endowed School, in order to be kept and preserved by such Body Corporate, Society, or School, and not for the Purposes of Sale, shall be liable to any Duty imposed on Legacies under this or any other Aft or Acts in force in Ireland.

XXXVII.	And be it further enacted, That every Clerk of the Peace in Ireland shall within One Month after any Conviction for any Offence against any Aft or Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Stamp Duties, shall have been returned to his Office, furnish to the nearest Diflributor of Stamps, or to some Distributor of Stamps in and for the County in which such Conviction shall have been made, a Copy of such Conviction ligned by himself, for which he shall receive from such Diflributor, the Sum of One Shilling and no more, and every such Diflributor shall forthwith transmit such Copy so signed, to the said Commissioners at their Head Office in Dublin, and if any such Clerk of the Peace or Diflributor shall neglect or omit so to do, he shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds.

XXXVIJI. And be it further enacted, That if any Conviction made by any Justice of the Peace in Ireland, for any Offence against this Act, or any Aft or Acts in force in Ireland, shall be affirmed on Appeal at any Quarter Sessions, the Warrant or Warrants, Committal or Committals for carrying the same into Execution, shall be granted by the Justices so affirming the same, or any Two of them, or if such Affirmance shall have been made by or before a single Person competent to hold such Court of Quarter Sessions alone, then such Warrant or Warrants, Committal or Committals shall be granted by fuch' single Person, and shall be in the Forms here following respectively, or in some other Forms of Words of the same Import respectively;

\	^	To	M\ and N. and each of them, their and each of

* their Assistants.

« TTTHEREAS, on the	Day	of

6 tv in the Year	F*	F.	of

‘ was duly convicted before /. K. a Justice of the Peace for the said £ County, that he (or fhe) on the	Day	of

*	then last past, at	in	the	faid	County	did,

* [hereJet out the Offence] and thereupon the said F. F. became liable

‘ to

A.D. 1807.	470 GEO. III. Seif. 1. .	C	50.	183

*	to a Fine or Penalty of	Anyd	whereas, the said

c E. F. appealed from the said Conviction to the Quarter Sessions, c which hath affirmed the same with	Colls,	making

‘ together with the said Fine or Penalty the Sum of

*	Thefe are therefore to authorize and command you and each of you ‘ to take into your PofTelfion the Goods of the said E. F. or a Suffi-‘ ciency thereof for levying the said lafi-mentioned Sum thereout,

‘ wherever you shall find the said Goods in the County aforesaid, and

*	if the said Goods shall not be redeemed by the Payment of the said 4 Sum within Six Days from the Day of taking the same, you 4 are by publick Sale thereof to levy the said Sum, rendering to f the said E. F. the Overplus, if any, ard the said Sum so levied you

shall bring to us, or One of us, or to me, (as the Case may he)

*	without Delay, to be disposed of according to Law. Given under ‘ our Hands and Seals (or my Hand and Seal) this

*	Day of	•

And if Goods sufficient cannot be found, to answer such Penalty, and a Warrant shall thereupon be ilfued for committing such Offender or Offenders, the same shall be in the same Form as the Warrant lash mentioned to these Words. “ these are therefore to authorize and command you which Words, and all from thence to the Words “ disposed of according to Law” inclusive, shall be omitted ; and this Form following, or some other Form of Words to that or tfie like Effect, shall be inserted in their Place, to wit,

4 And whereas we (or u I”) did on the	Day	of

6 issue our (or my) Warrant to levy the said Sum from the Goods 6 of the said Offender, and such Goods could not be found sufficient 4 to answer the said Sum, we (or [) do therefore hereby authorize 4 and command you and each of you, to take the Body of the said 4 E. F. wheresoever you shall find him in the said County, and 4 bring him before us (or me).’

And the Form of Committal for committing the said Offender to Prison, shall follow the Form of such Warrant, save only that the Direction thereof shall be to the proper Gaoler, and, that from and after the Words “ we, (or <c I”) do therefore hereby authorize and command you” there shall follow these Words,

‘To take into your Custody the Body of the faidjE\ F. and him ‘ (or her) safely to keep for	from	the	Date hereof,

4 unless the said Sum shall be sooner paid. Given under our Hands 4 and Seals (or my Hand and Seal) this	Day	of	d

And each and every of the said Forms, or any Form of Words to the like Effect respectively, shall be good and valid in Law to all Intents and Purposes.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit Limitation of shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any A<hion$ s:x Thing done under the Authority of or in pursuance of this Adi, or Months, etc. any other Adi or Adis in force in Ireland, relating to the Duties under the Care and Management of the said Commissioners of Stamps, every such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months after the Fact committed and not afterwards, and shall be brought1 in the County or Place where the Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere, and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit to

N 4	be

18+

C.50.

470 GEO. III. Seff. x.

A.D. 1807.

CsrUin Decrees in Chancery and Exchequer declared valid, though (tamped with a lets Stamp than required by 46 G. 3. c. 64.

Where Memorial of the A (lignin ent of any Judgement has been (tamped, the Roll need nut be (tamped ?■$ required by 46 G. 3. c. 64.

be brought may plead the General Issue, and give this A<51 and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance, and by the Authority of such Adis ; and if it shall appear to be so done, or if any such Action or Suit (halt be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County, City, or Place, than as afore laid, then and in every such Case the Plaintiff in every such Action shall be nonsuited ; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be so or otherwise 11011-suited, or shall discontinue his, her, or their Action, or if a Verdict shall pal's against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given again ft the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Coifs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Coils of Suit in other Cases by Law.

XL. 4 And Whereas by an Adi palled in the lall Sefiion of Par-4 liament for granting Stamp Duties to His Majesty, Decrees and 4 Diimiffes in the Courts of Chancery and Exchequer in Ireland, and 4 Copies thereof, and Citations, Monitions, Libels, Allegations,

4 Demolitions, Anivrers, and Sentences, in the several Ecclefladicai 4 Courts in Ireland, and Copies thereof, were refpeDtively charged with 4 Duties exceeding any former Duty imposed thereon respectively, and 4 many of the said Matters and Things have since the passing of the said 4 Adi been made or written, or copied upon Paper or Parchment 4 marked only with the Stamps payable thereon respectively, previous 4 to the paiTing of the said Adi, and it is expedient that the same should 4 be rendered valid and eiiediualbe it therefore enacted, That every Decree, Difmiss, Citation, Monition, Libel, Allegation, Depofitiofc, Anfvver, or Sentence, and every Copy thereof respectively, mtide, enrolied, engrossed, copied, or made up fmee the passing of the said Adi, and which shall have been stamped with the Duty or Duties payable thereon according to the Laws in force in Ireland, immediately previous to the passing of the said lad recited Adi, shall be, and be deemed, conlfrued, and taken to be valid and effectual to alf Intents and Purposes whatever, as if the same had been duly stamped with the Stamps required by the said recited Adi, and all and every Person or Persons concerned in the enrolling, engrossing, writing, or making up of such Decree and Difmiss, and in copying and attesting the same, shall be acquitted and discharged of and from all and every Fine, ' Penalty, or Forfeiture, for or by Reason of so enrolling, engrofiing, writing, making up, or copying the same, or any Part thereof, any Thing in the said lad recited Adi to the contrary notwilhftanding.

XLI. 4 And Whereas by the said recited Adi of the Forty-flxth ? Year of His Majesty’s Reign, a Duty was imposed on the Entry on 4 the Roll of every Assignment of a Judgement in Ireland, and it was 4 thereby required that a Stamp denoting the Payment of the said 6 Duty should be damped or impressed on the Roll whereon inch Entry 4 should be made : And Whereas the said Regulation has been found 4 inconvenient be it therefore enacted, That whenever the Stamp required by the said Adi to be put on such Roll shall have been put on the Memorial of the Assignment of any Judgement as aforesaid, then and in every such Case such Assignment shall be as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, and all and every Person or Persons, in anywise concerned in the Assignment of such Judgement, or in the

9	Entry-

A.D.1807.	47°	GEO. III. Seff.i.	C.50.

Entry thereof on the Roll as aforesaid, {ball be indemnified, discharged, and exempt from all and all Manner of Pains and Penalties for or by reason of such Assignment, or of the Want of a Stamp or Stamps, on the enrolling thereof, as fully and in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Roll had been duly stamped with the said Stamp so put on the said Memorial; any Thing in the said recited AT to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLII. 4 And Whereas it may happen that several Persons may have c been admitted into various Bodies Politick or Corporate, Corpora-

*	tions, or Companies in Ireland, before the passing of this AT, the

*	Entries, Minutes, or Memorandums, of whose Admissions may 4 not have been duly made on Stamps according to Law be it therefore enaTed, That in case any Person or Persons shall have been admitted into any Body Politick or Corporate, Corporation or Company in Ireland, at any Time before the passing of this A 61, the Entry, Minute, or Memorandum of whose Admission has not been duly stamped according to Law, it shall and may be lawful, at any Time within Six Months after the passing of this AT, for the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, on Application to them made for that Purpose, to order and direT that such Entry, Minute, or Memorandum, shall be {tamped with the Stamp Duty required by this AT, on Payment of the Duty by this AT imposed ; and every such Admission so stamped, shall in such Case be as good, valid, and effeTual, as if the same had been stamped according to Law at the Time of such Admission; [and every Admission of any such Person into any Body Politick or Corporate, Corporation or Company in Ireland, the Entry, Minute or Memorandum whereof, shall not have been stamped before the passing of this AT, or shall not be stamped purluant to this AT, within Six Months as aforesaid, shall be abfo-lutely null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatever ; any Thing in any AT or ATs, or any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.1]

XL III. 4 And Whereas it may happen in many Instances that

*	Inftruments executed out of Ireland, may not have been stamped in 4 Ireland, within the Time by Law required for that Purpofe/ be it therefore enaTed, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at any Time within Six Calendar Months after the passing of this AT, to stamp all Instruments which shall iiave been executed more than one Year before the passing of this AT, within any Part of the United Kingdom, except Ireland, or which shall have been exe-

' cuted more than Two Years before the passing of this AT, in any Place out of the United Kingdom, upon Payment of the Duty payable on such Instruments, under this AT, without Payment of any Penalty; provided that the lame shall be brought to be stamped within the said Space of Six Calendar Months, and that Proof shall be made to the SatisfaTion of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, that such Instruments were really executed out of Ireland, as aforesaid ; and all such Instruments so stamped within the said Six Calendar Months, shall be good, valid, and effeTual, to all Intents and Purposes, and all Persons having negleTed to stamp the same, shall be freed and indemnified of, from, and against all Penalties, on account of such NegleT; any Thing in any AT or ATs to the contrary notwithstanding,

XLIV. And

Admiffiors inf® Corporations previous to this A cl may be stamped within Six Months.

p This Tart repealed, 47 G.3. ji. 2. c.14. §iS.]

Instruments stamped out of Ireland, and which have not been duly stamped under former A<ft may be stamped within Six Months after passing this A£l.

Powers of former A&s,

43 G. 3. c. 21, 22, and 23, and 46 G. 3. c. 64. extended to this Act.

46 G. 3. c. 64.

€■ 33. as to filing Declarations in Ejectment Tbefore Service thereofjrepealed.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act inffi&ed and made payable, shall be paid and payable in British Currency; and that all Powers, Provisions, Rules, Methods, Directions, Articles, Clauses, Exceptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things, contained in an Act made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled. An Act for granting to His Majesty federal Duties therein mentioned to he lea ted by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland ; and in another Act, made in the said Forty-third Year, intituled, An Act for granting to His Illajejiy' certain Duties on Licences to Persons felling Hats, and on Hats fold by Retail in Ireland ; and in another Act made in the said Forty-third Year, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Certificates with respect to the hilling of Game in Ireland ; and in the said recited Act made in the Forty-fixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, to repeal the several Duties under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper in Ireland, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof, and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Irelandfhall be of Force and EffeCt, and shall be applied and put in Execution for the railing, levying, paying, collecting, and securing the Duties and Allowances by this Act granted and made payable, and all Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been hereby re-enaCted with relation to the Duties and Allowances by this Act granted and made payable ; except only in so far as any of such Powers, Provisions, Rules, Methods, and Directions, Articles, Exceptions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, in the said Acts, or any or either of them, contained, are expressly altered or repealed, or otherwise provided for by this Act, or by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament for granting Stamp Duties in Ireland, as enaCts that in ariy EjeCtment the original Declaration shall be filed in the Court wherein such Ejectment shall be brought before Service of such EjeCtment, or any Notice thereof, or of any such Declaration, or any Copy thereof, on the Defendant or Tenant in PofTeffion, and that a Copy of such Declaration being first made out by the Attorney who shall bring the same to be filed, shall be signed and attested by the proper Officer of the Court wherein the same shall be filed, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

SCHEDULES

SCHEDULES to which this AQ: refers.

Schedule (A.)

For and upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be engrossed, written, or printed, any of the following Articles (or any Part thereof, except as other-wife particularly provided) the respective Duties following ; that is to say,

I.—Patents, Grants, and Admissions, of or to Dignities, Offices, Benefits, or Decrees, and Exemplifications and Certificates thereof.

Any Grant or Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Ireland, of any Honour, Dignity, Promotion, Franchise, Liberty, or Privilege, to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, or any Exemplification of the same, not hereby charged with a fpecifick Duty (Commiffions of Rebellion in Process always excepted)

Any Patent for an Archbiffioprick Any Patent for a Dukedom Any Patent for a Marquisate -Any Patent for an Earldom Any Patent for a Vifcount	-

Any Patent for a Bishoprick -Any Patent for a Barony	-	-

Any Patent for a Baronetage -	-

Any Presentation or Donation wffiich shall pass the Great Seal of Ireland, or any Collation by any Archbiffiop or Biffiop, or any Presentation or Donation to be made by any Patron whatfoyer, of or to any Benefice, Dignity, or Spiritual or Ec-clefiaftical Promotion whatsoever, of the yearly Value of One hundred Pounds -

And for every One hundred Pounds of the yearly Value thereof, exceeding the first j£rooa Year, a further Duty of

The Value to be ascertained by Certificate of the Archbiffiop, Biffiop, or Vicar General of the Diocese ; Provided always, that Two or more Benefices, epiicopally united, ffiall be deemed One Benefice only.

Any Inflitution that ffiall pass the Seal of any Archbiffiop, Biffiop, Chancellor, or other Ordinary, or of any Ecclesiastical Court ; provided that an Inflitution to Two or more Benefices, epifcopally united, ffiall be considered as an Inflitution to a iingle Benefice	-	-

Duty,

s. do

20

IOO 200 2 CO 200 I50

5°

100

5°

500

500

o o

SCHEDULE (A.)

Duty.

* See S/at. 47G.3. ft.z. c

Schcd. A.

.14,

Patents, Grants and Admissions, continued.

Any Dispensation to hold Two Ecclesiastical Digni-ties or Benefices, or both a Dignity and a Benefice, or any other Dispensation or Faculty from the Lord Archbishop of Armagh, or Master of the Faculties for the Time being -Any Grant from His Majesty, His Heirs and Suc-ceffors, which shall pass the Great Seal of Ireland, of any Sum of Money,

Exceeding 56*50 and not exceeding ^100 s€ioo	-	-	6^200

And for every 56*100 exceeding <36200, a further Duty of	-

[Any such Grant of any Annuity, Pension, Office, or Employment, which shall be of the Value of <36*200 per Annum .	-	-

And for every <36 roo per Annum exceeding ,56*200 per Annum, a further Duty of Provided that no Duty shall be charged upon or in respect of more than One Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, on which such laft-mentioned Grant may be ingroffed,printed,or written.*] Any Grant of an Efcheatorlhip -	-	-

Any Grant of any Land in Fee, Lease for Years, or other Grant or Profit, not herein particularly charged, that shall pass the Great Seal of the Exchequer (Cuftodiam Leases excepted)

Any Pardon or Remission (except the Pardons palled in forma Pauperis) of or for any Crime or Offence, or of any Money or Forfeiture whatsoever, exceeding the Sum of ,56*50, or any Warrant for Reprieve or Relaxation from any Fines, Corporal Punishment, or any other Forfeiture Any Admission of any Fellow of the College of Physicians or Surgeons Any Admission of any Student into the Society of King’s Inns	-	-

Any Admission of any Barrister into the Inns of Court	-	-	-	-

(56' o of the said respective Duties of <§6*20 shall be accounted for and paid to the Society of King’s Inns.)

Any Admission of any Advocate, Pro6lor, Attorney, Solicitor, Clerk, or other Officer or Officers, in any Court whatsoever, except fuch-Officer in any Inferior Court, whose Office is under the Value of ^ioa Year in Salary, Fees, and other Perquisites, and except any annual Officer t whatever in any Corporation -

25 o o

4

20

20

20 o

3. 0 0

4	0	0

10	O	O

2°	O	Q

20	0	O

SCHEDULE (A.)

Patents, Grants, and Admissions, continued.

Any Certificate to be taken out by any Attorney or Solicitor, Prodtor, Agent, or Procurator (previous to his commencing or defending any Suit or Prosecution) of his Admission, Enrolment, or Register in any of His Majesty’s Courts in Dublin, or in any Ecclesiastical or in any Court of Admiralty in Ireland, or in any other Court in Ireland holding Plea, where the Debt or Damage doth amount to 40^. or more, or the Thing in Demand is of that Value ;

If such Attorney or Solicitor, Pro&or, Agent, or Procurator, has not been admitted for Three Years, yearly	-

If such Attorney or Solicitor, Pro&or, Agent, or Procurator, has been admitted for Three Years or more, yearly	-	-

Any Certificate to be taken out by any Special Pleader, Draftfman in any Court of Equity, Conveyaneer, Scrivener, or any other Person who, for or in Expectation of any Fee, Gain, or Reward, shall draw or prepare any Conveyance of, or Deed relating to, any Real or Personal Estate, or any Proceedings in Law or Equity :

If such special Pleader, - Draftfman, Conveyaneer, Scrivener, or other Person, shall not have praCtifed for Three Years, yearly If such special Pleader, Draftfman, Conveyaneer, Scrivener, or other Person, shall have praCtifed for Three Years or more, yearly Except Barristers; and except Solicitors, Attornies, Notaries, Prodtors, Agents, or Procurators, having obtained regular Certificates, Persons employed only in copying Deeds; Public Officers drawing official Instruments, and Persons drawing Agreements under Hand only, or Wills. [Any Appointment of any Person to be Sub-Sheriff for any of the following Counties or Counties of Cities in Ireland, (that is to say); for the Counties of Antrim, Armagh, Cavan, Clare, Cork, Donegal, Down, Dublin, Galway, Kerry, Limerick, Londonderry, Mayo, Monaghan, Meath, Queen’s County, Roscommon, Sligo, Tipperary, or Tyrone; or for the County of the City of Dublin ; or for the County of the City of Cork.*] [Any Appointment of any Person to be Sub-Sheriff for any County, County of a City, or County of a Town in Ireland, other than those immediately before mentioned,f]	•	-

Duty.

£ s. d.

100

300

100

300

10 o o

500

Hosted by

See § 10 <jJ this A8.

See § 14, \ 5,

of this At!.

♦ -j* Repeated

47 G. 3./.^

c, 14. $ 2.

C. 50.

470 GEO. III. Seif. 1.

A.D.1807.

190

See ) r y .cf this

SCHEDULE

(A.)

Duty.

Patents, Grants, and Admissions, continued.

Any Appointment or Deputation of any Person to be a Seneschal or Steward of a Manor Court Any Entry, Minute, or Memorandum of the Ad-mifiion of any Person into any Corporation or Company (except a Corporation or Company for the Direction of any Charitable Institution only, who shall be so admitted in respect of his Birth, Apprenticeship, or Marriage, entered or made in the Court Book, Roll or Record, of any such Corporation or Company -	-

Any Entry, Minute, or Memorandum of the Ad-mifiion of any other Person into any Corporation or Company (except a Corporation or Company for the Direction of any Charitable Institution only)	-

Jd. s. d. 200

o 10 o

100

IT.—Indentures, Bonds, and other Deeds and In-ftrumeufs, and Exemplifications, Inrolments, Memorials, or Regiftries thereof.

Any Indenture, Lease, Release, or Deed, not other-wife charged(except Indentures of Apprenticeship where no Apprentice Fee,shall be given, or if any be given, where such Apprentice Fee shall not exeeed the Sum of &£io, and also except Indentures for bindingApprentice poor Parish Children, or other poor Children); and any Deed or In-ftrument charged with a Duty of ,1 or. or 5s. according to the Number of computed Sheets of which the same shall consist :

If such Indenture, Lease, Release, Deed or In-ftrument, shall contain less than 30 computed Sheets, and shall be engrossed, written, or printed on only One Skin or Sheet, or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper And if any such Indenture, Lease, Release, Deed, or Instrument, containing less than 30 computed Sheets, shall be written on more than One Skin or Sheet or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper;

Then on the first Skin or Sheet or Piece thereof	-

And on every other Sirin or Sheet or Piece thereof	-

If such Indenture, Lease, Release, Deed, or Instrument, shall contain Thirty computed Sheets or more,

Then for the first Fifteen computed Sheets thereof, or any less Quantity engrossed, written, or printed on the first Skin or Sheet or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper	•

o 10	&

o io o

050

o 10 o

A.D.1807.

47° GEO. III. Seff.i.

C.50.	I9I

SCHEDULE (A.)

Indentures, Bonds, &c. continued.

And for every entire Quantity of Fifeen computed Sheets over and above the first Fifteen computed Sheets -

And for. any less Quantity than Fifteen computed Sheets, engrossed, written, or printed bn any separate Skin or Sheet or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, other than the first such Sheet, Skin, or Piece	-	-

N. B. Every computed Sheet is calculated at Seventy-two Words. Any Indenture or other Deed, and every Article or Contract whereby any Person shall become bound to serve as an Apprentice or Clerk to an Attorney or Solicitor, in order to his Admission as an Attorney or Solicitor in any of His Majesty’s Courts in Ireland, on each Part of such Indentures, Deeds, Articles, or Contra&s	-

(Seven Pounds of the said Duty of Fifty Pounds so imposed On each Part of such Indentures shall be accounted for and paid to the Society of King’s Inns. )

Any Indenture or other Deed for binding an Apprentice to a Notary Publick, on each Part of such Indentures -	-	-

Any other Indenture of Apprenticeship, where the Sum or Value given, paid, contracted, or agreed for, with or in relation to such Apprentice, shall * exceed Ten Pounds, and shall not exceed Twenty Pounds	-	-

Duty.

050

o 50

50 o ®

5 0 0

050

f <=£20 and shall not exceed s£$o

100 200 300 400 500

And where such Sum or Value shall exceed the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, for every One hundred Pounds of such Excess, a Duty of Any Indenture, Lease, Release, or Deed, Minute, Memorandum, or legal or equitable Article, for setting or demifmg Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in Ireland, for any Term not exceeding Three Lives, or Thirty-one Years, whether with or without a Clause or Covenant for the Renewal thereof*, (except Leases made by any Mailer in Chancery, or Officer of the Equity or Revenue Side of the Court of Exchequer, under the Orders of the said Courts respectively, and except Leases

Where such Sum j

or Value shall ^

exceed	|

»

1

50

100

2QO

300

400

0	TO	O

1	O	O

2	0	0

3	0	0

6	0	0

9°°

3	°	o

* See § 1$-

of I his A3*

+ o

SCHEDULE (A.)

• 3- ft 2-

Sched. A.

Indentures, Bonds, &c, continued.

by Elegit Creditors, or of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, ejected for Non-payment of Rent for Six or Nine Months :)

Where the Annual Amount of the Rent re* served (any penal Rent, or any Increase of reserved Rent in the Nature of a Penal Rent, not being included in such Amount) shall not exceed Five Pounds, or the Fine or Confide-ration for the same shall not exceed Twenty Pounds	-	-

Or of such Fine < Confideraiion

And where the Annual Amount of such Rent reserved shall exceed the Sum of Four hun dred Pounds, or such Fine or Consideration shall exceed the Sum of Two thousand Pounds, then for every One hundred Pounds of the whole Amount of such Rent, or for every Five hundred Pounds of such Fine or Consideration, a Duty of

Any Indenture, Lease, Release, or Deed, Minute, Memorandum, or legal or equitable Article, for setting or demifmg Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in Ireland, for any Term exceeding Three Lives or Thirty-one Years, shall be subject to a Duty equal in the Whole to double the Amount of the foregoing Duties on any Indenture, Lease, Release, or Deed respectively.

And in case such Indenture, Lease, Release, Deed, or Instrument, shall be executed by virtue of any Letter of Attorney for that !	Purpose,	then	for	every	Five	Pounds	of	the

Annual Amount of such reserved Rent, or for every Twenty-five Pounds of Fine or Consideration, a further Duty in all Cases, of ,

Duty.

£•

[*o 2 6]

0	5	0

0	10	0

0	15	0

I	0	0

I	10	0

2	0	0

2	10	0

A 0	p	0

3	10	0

4	0	0

I G

Hosted by

SCHEDULE

(A.)

Duty.

Indentures, Bonds, continued. [Leases, &c.]

Any Indenture, Lease, Release, Deed, or Jnftru-ment, for demifing Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in Ireland, executed by any Matter in Chancery, or Officer of the Equity or Revenue Side of the Court of Exchequer, or executed by any Elegit Creditor, or for Six or Nine Months, where such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be under Eviction for Non-payment of Rent, Where the yearly Rent shall not exceed Two hundred Pounds	-	-

Where such Rent shall exceed Two hundred Pounds, and shall not exceed Four hundred Pounds -Where such Rent shall exceed Four hundred Pounds, then for every One hundred Pounds of the whole Amount of such Rent And if any such Indenture, Lease, Release, Deed, or Instrument, for demifing or setting Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in Ireland, shall contain Thirty computed Sheets or more, then for every entire Quantity of Fifteen computed Sheets over and above the first Fifteen computed Sheets, a Duty in all Cases of -Any Letter of Attorney empowering any Ferfon to receive Rents in Ireland Any Letter of Attorney empowering any Person to execute any Lease or Leases of Lands in Ireland, Where the Annual Amount of the Rent re-ferved in iuch Lease or Leases (any Penal Rent, or any' Increase of referred Rent in the Nature of a Penal Rent, not being included in such Amount) shall not exceed Five Pounds, or the Fine or Consideration for the same shall not exceed Twenty Pounds And where the Amount of such Rent reserved shall exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, or such Fine or Consideration shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds -Any Letter of Attorney empowering^ny Person to execute any Lease or Leases of Lands in Ireland, not specifying the Amount of the Rent or Fine to be reserved or received thereon refpetttively Any Recognizance conditioned for the Payment of Money or Performance of Covenants or Agreements, and any Statute Staple or Statute Merchant, or Entry of Record in any Court or Office, not herein otherwise charged, .except Recognizances taken before any Justice or Juttices of the 47 Geo. III.	O

£• x

O IQ O

IOO

OIOO

050 5 0 0

5 0 O O

10 o a

*94

C. 50.

470 GEO. III. Sefl'.i.

A.D. 1807.

See § 12. of this Act.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Indentures, Bonds, continued. ! Leases, &c.]

Peace and Recognizances on an Appeal from any Decree "or i. ifmifs made or pronounced by any Aftiftant Barrister in their n-fpediive Counties, or by the Recorder of the City of Dublin Any Contract, Bond, or other obligatory Indrument conditioned ror the Payment of any principal Sum ;

Not exceeding £.100	-	-

Exceeding

100 and not exceeding 5^300

300	--	500

500	-—	1,000

1,000	—	2,000

2,000	-—	3,000

3,coo	—	5,000

Where such principal Sum shall exceed 5,000 Any Bond, commonly called a Mortgage Bond, or Bond given as a collateral Security for or in re-fpedf of any Mortgage -

Any other Bond not ctherwife charged -	-

Any Deed or other Instrument for the Security, by way of Mortgage of any Sum of Money lent on any Estate or Property whatsoever in Ireland, and any Deed or Instrument for the Sale, Settlement, or' Conveyance of any Estate or Property whatsoever in Ireland, whether Real or Personal, and of whateverTenurc or Description (except Aftign merits of Judgements, which are to pay Duty only as Deeds not particularly charged)

Where the Amount of the Money lent and fe-cured on such Estate or Property, or of the Conlideration bona fide paid, for such Sale, Settlement, or Conveyance, shall not exceed One hundred Pounds

	CD	r* aClOO"

G	O X	3°°

	CD	500

O g	li	1,000

<	D	2,000

CD	>0 g	j 3,000 r

;;	0 i	I 4,000

<D	s	5,0 0

	d	i: ,000

		I '5>00°-

Twenty thouiand Pounds And if such ^jeed or Instrument shall contain Thirty computed Sheets, or more, then for

Duty.

£- d-

05©

0 5

0	10

1	o

1	TO

2	O

3	0

4	o

5	0

050

05©

“	“	0	lS	0

	-	1	0	0

5°°	-	1	10	0

1,000	-	2	0	Q

2,000	-	2	10	O

! 3?ooo	-	4	0	0

\ 4?oo°	-	6	0	O

5,°°o	-	8	0	O

! 10,000	-	JO	0	O

! 15 000	-	12	0	O

L20,000 -fhall exceed		*5	0	O

-	-	20	0	O

AD. 1807. 470 GEO. III. SefT 1.	C.50. W

SCHEDULE (A.)	Duty.

Indentures, Bonds, continued. [Mortgages, &c.]	£ s. d.

every entire Quantity of Fifteen computed Sheets over and above the firfh Fifteen computed Sheets -Any Award under Hand and Seal-, or under Hand only, made in Ireland, and whether the same shall or {ball not be enrolled of Record in, or made a	0 to O

Rule of any Court, for the first Fifteen computed Sheets, or any less Quantity thereof And for every entire Quantity of Fifteen computed Sheets, over and above the firll Fifteen	O O O

computed Sheets - -Any Instrument made in Ireland, under Hand only, whether the same shall contain an a#ual Contract, or shall be the Evidence only of a Contra#:, where	05Q

the Matter thereof shall be of the Value of ^ 20. or upwards, for the lirft Fifteen computed Sheets, or any less Quantity thereof And for every entire Quantity of Fifteen computed Sheets, over and above the First Fifteen	O O 0

’ computed Sheets Any Exemplification, of what Nature soever, that shall pass the Seal of any Court, net hereby other- • r 1 j	O O

wile charged - -Any Conveyance, Surrender of Grants or Offices, Release, or other Peed whatsoever, (Indentures of Attorney’s Apprentices excepted) which shall be enrolled of Record in any of the Courts of the City of Dublin, or in any Court of Record whatsoever (except Afiignments of Judgements) over	O 15 O

and above all other Duties -	IOO

Any Memorial of any Deed, Conveyance, Will or Devise, which shall be registered in the Publick Office for registering such Memorials, or shall be entered in any of the Courts of Record in Ireland (except Memorials of Demises, and except Memorials of Afiignments of Judgements) Any Memorial of any Demise, or of any Agreement	O O O

to demise -	0 2 6

Any Memorial of the Assignment of any Judgement: Where the Penalty of such Judgement so afiigned shall not exceed £ 100. And where the Penalty of such Judgement fo	O 0

aiiigned shall exceed £ 100. Any Extra# or Copy of any Deed or Memorial from the Office for Registry of Deeds, for every	0 0 0

computed Sheet such Copy shall contain	0 0 4*

0 2	

SCHEDULE (A.)	Duty.

Ill—Writs, Processes, or other Proceedings, Com- £. s. d. millions, Pleadings, Judgements, Appeals, and Executions, in Suits or Actions at Law, or in Equity.

Any Writ of Covenant for levying a Fine Any Writ of Entry for futiering a common Recovery Any Petition in any of the superior Courts of Law or Equity, or in the Pererogative Court, or Con-hftorial Court of Dublin	-

Any Orders or Fiat for Order made on any such Petition	-	-

[Any Cbm million under the Great Seal of Ireland,

* Repealed	diredted	to	Commiffioners	of Bankrupts*]

47 G.i.Ji. 2. Any Letters of Guardianship under the Great Seal , f- *4- 5 2'	of	Ireland	-

Any Commission or Writ of Dedimus Potestatem to take Answers or to examine Witnesses, or for any other Ptirpose, which shall issue from the Courts of Chancery or Exchequer, or any Ecclefiafticai Court, or the Court of Admiralty, or any other Court in Ireland	-

Any original Writ, Subpoena, Writ of Habeas Corpus, Writ of Capias Ouo Minus, Writ of Dedimus Proteftatem to examine Witnelfes, or appoint Guardians, or any other Writ, Process, or Mandate whatever, not herein otherwise charged, that shall issue out of or pass the Seal of any of the Courts in Lublin (whether the same be the Superior Courts of Law or Equity, or any of the Eccleliaftical Courts) or any other Court whatfo-ever in Ireland holding Plea, where the Debt or Damage doth amount to Forty Shillings or above, or the Thing in Demand or Cause of Suit is of that V alue	-

Any Copy of any such Writ which shall be served on any Defendant or Defendants therein named Any Entry of any Process of Contempt for not appearing, or for not answering, which shall be entered in the Courts of Chancery or Exchequer, or in the Eccleliaftical Courts, whether such Process shall issue or not	-

Repealed [Any Return which shall be made by any Sheriff, 47 G. 3. /. 2. Coroner,Commissioner, Mayor, Seneschal, or other c. 14. § 2.'	Officer,	on or to any Writ or other Process to him

or them directed, which shall issue from or out of any of the Superior Courts of Law or Equity, or from or or out of the Admiralty Court, or from any of the Ecclesiastical Courts, or any other Court in Ireland, in any Suit at Law or in Equity *	-	-	'	-

200

200

o	2	6

o	1	o

200 100

o 10 o

o	1	o

006

O	I	©

0 2 0

SCHEDULE

(A.)

Duty.

Writs, ProcefTes, See. continued.

Any Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hand only, of any Sheriff or Sheriffs, or his or their Under Sheriff respectively -j~]

Any Warrant to any Attorney or Solicitor, Pro&or, or other Agent, to appear for any Plaintiff or Defendant in any Action or Suit, in any Court holding Plea in Ireland, where the Debt or Damage amounts to 40J*. or above, or where the Thing in Demand or Cause of Suit is of that Value; or to prosecute or defend such Action or Suit, or to confefs Judgement thereon Any Appearance to be entered in any fnch Court or Courts in Ireland, by any Six Clerk, Attorney, Solicitor, Pro&or, or other Agent, for each and every Defendant named in such Entry Any Special Bail to be taken in any of the Courts in Dublin, or before any of the Judges of the said Courts, or in any Court whatsoever Any Appearance that shall be made on such Bail Any Common Bail, to b^ filed in any Court whatsoever, and any Appearance that shall be made on fuch'Bail	-	-	•	-

Any Bail Bond taken by any Sheriff or Under Sheriff, or by any Town Clerk, or any Seneschal of any Manor	-	-	-

Any Assignment of such Bail Bond Any Declaration (except Declarations in Ejectments j Bill, Answer, Plea, Replication, Rejoinder, or Demurrer, and any interrogatories, or Depofi-tions, taken by Commissioners or Mailers Clerks, and any Libel, Allegation, or Depolition, or other Plea or Pleacting, of what Nature or Kind soever, not herein otherwise charged, that shall be filed by or on Behalf of any Plaintiff or De -fendants by any Attorney, Solicitor, ProClor, or other Agent, in any Court of Law or Equity, or in the Ecclesiastical or Admiralty Courts, or in any other Court in Ireland (fave and except the Paper Drafts of Depoiitions before they are ingroffed):

For the first Fifteen computed Sheets, or any less Quantity thereof And for every entire Quantity of Fifteen computed Sheets over and above the Pirft Fifteen computed Sheets Any Declaration, Bill, Answer, Demurrer, Plea, or Pleacting, at Law or in Equity, filed by or on Behalf of any Attorney or Solicitor, who shall sue or be sued as an Attorney or Solicitor in his own

0 3

£ s. d.

020

026

O I o

O	T	O

O	I	O

OIO

040

040

04c’

040

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

198

47° GEO. III. Sefl". 1.

A. D. 1807

C. 50.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Duty.

Writs, Processes, &c. continued.

proper Person, on the first Skin thereof, over and above ail other Stamp Duties Any Copy of any Declaration in Eje&ment, or other i>eclaration, Bill, Aufwer, Plea, Replication, Rejoinder, Demurrer, Interrogatory, JDe-position, Allegation, or Libel, or of any otiier Plea or Pleading' in any Court whatever, or any Copy of any Record to be furnished to the Twelve Judges for the hearing of Causes in Error in the Court of Exchequer Chamber, or in the Court of Delegates -Any Exception to any Answer or Report filed in any Court of Equity, or in any Ecclefiailical Court in Ireland, to be charged upon each Exception, whe ther joined with any other or others on the lame Sheet or Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper or not	-	-

And for every Ninety Words which each and every Exception shall contain, over and above the first Ninety Words, a further Duty of

And upon each and every Exception, over and I above the First Ten Exceptions, a further Duty of	-

And for every Ninety Words which each and every l'uch Exception, after the First Ten Exceptions, Hi all contain, over and above the First Ninety Words, a further Duty of	-	-

Any Certificate of the Length of Pleadings in the Court of Chancery or Equity Side of the Court of Exchequer -	-

Any Charge or Discharge filed in any Court of Equity

Any attested Copy of any such Charge or Discharge Any attested Copy of any Account or Report filed in any Cause, in the Court of Chancery, or in the Equity or Revenue Side of the Court of Exchequer	-

Any Copy of any Account or Report filed in Chancery in the Matter of any Minor or Lunatic Any original Affidavit or Depoiition, not hereby otherwise charged, taken before any Judge, Com-missioner, or other Perion authorized to take the same (except such Affidavits as shall be taken before the Officers of His Majesty’s Customs or Excise, Affidavits relating to Criminal Profecu-tions, Affidavits made for the Purpofeof registering Freeholds, and all Affidavits to be made before

s£

o

Q

Hosted by

SCHEDULE (A.)

Writs, Processes, &c. continued.

any Justice or Juftiees of the Peace, or before a Magi it rate of any Corporation acting as a Justice of the Peace, unlei's hereby otherwise charged, and except Affidavits to be taken before a Magif-trate acting in any Court of Conscience or of Summary Jurisdiction, or before any Judge of Assize or Commission of Oyer and Terminer, rela live to Prosecutions or Trials on Indictments, or to Civd Bills, and except Affidavits made in pur-fuance of any Adi relative to the Hempen or Linen Manufactures, or to the Payment of Corn Premiums, or before the Dublin Society, and except Affidavits or Affirmations directed to be made before One or more of the Commissioners for managing Stamp Duties, or before any Person appointed by them, or before a Commissioner for taking Affidavits with respect to the Regulations or Management of the said Duties	-	-

Any Copy of any such Affidavit, which ffiall be read in any Court whatfoever	-

Any Affidavit made to enter a Fine, or to ground any Application againit a Siienff or Coroner Any Copy of any such Affidavit Any Affidavit made in pursuance of any Law for amending or repairing publick Roads, or made before the Trustees of any Turnpike relative to the Roads or Tolls of such Turnpike, or made for the Purpose of grounding thereon any Presentment of any Grand Jury, or for raising Money for Repair of Roads, or any other publick Purpose, or for accounting for any publick Money, or discharging Queries, on Preferments ;

Where the Amount of the Money to be presented, raised, or accounted for, ffiall not exceed	-	-

Where such (	,	«	i,	.

Amount ffiall< £i00 > an a ,n°	<	di200

exceed	X^zoo) eXCeed \ ------

Any Commission for taking Affidavit^ that ffiall be issued from any Court -	-	-

Any Summons or Warrant issued by any .Mailer in Chancery, or by the Chief or Deputy Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer, or by any of the Chief

Duty.

or Deputy Prothonotaries of the Court of King Bench or Common Pleas, or by the Chief or Deputy Clerk of the Pleas in Exchequer, or by any of the Chief or Deputy Regiflrars of the Court of Chancery or Court of Exchequer, or by any other Qffieer qr Officers of any Court of Law or Equity, O 4

e£ S. d.

o 1	6

003

050

006

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

Hosted by

See § 2 0, 21. this Act.

SCHEDULE

(A.)

Duty.

Writs, Procefies, See. continued.

or of the Ecclesiastical Courts, or Court of Admiralty, or any other Court in Ireland, for the Purpose of proceeding to fettle any Decree, or proceeding on any Order of Reference, or taxing Co ft S', or any other Purpose for which such Sum-monfes or Warrants are usually issued by such Officers refpedtively

Any Summons of any Judge of the Superior Courts of Law or Equity in Ireland Any Rule or Order (except in Causes prosecuted upon Indictments or Presentments) made or given on Petition or Motion, in any Court of Law or Equity, or in any Ecclesiastical Court, or in the Court of Admiralty, or in any other Court in Ireland holdingPlea, where the Debt or Damage doth amount to f orty Shillings, or the Thing in Demand or Cause of Suit is of that Value, whether inch Rule or Order shall be made in open Court, or by any Judge of such Couits respectively in his Chamber, byway of Fiat for an Order Any Copy of any such Rule or Order, or any Copy of any other Record or Proceedings in any of the said Courts, not hereby other wise charged Any original No: ice of any Trial, Motion,, or Hearing, in any Court of Law or Equity, or any Ecclesiastical Courts, or in the Court of Admiralty in Ireland, such original Notice to be hied with the proper Officers of such Courts respectively, before any Motion, Trial, or Hearing, shall be made or had, grounded thereon Any Copy of such Notice for Service Any Record of Nisi Prius, and any Postea indorsed on such Record -	-	-

Any Writ of Inquiry of Damages Any Inquisition or Issue taken or found by any Jury in any Civil Acftion, whether at Nisi prius, or before any Sheriff or Sheriffs, or other Officer or Officers, on any Judgment by Default, or on any Writ of Elegit Any Interlocutory Judgment in any Court of Law in Ireland	-	-	-

Any final Judgement which shall be Signed, by the Mailer of any Office, or his Deputy or Secondary, or by any Prothonotary or his Secondary, Deputy, or Clerk, or any other Officer belonging to any of the Courts in the City of Dublin, who have Power, or usually do or shall sign Judgments, whether the said Judgment so signed arises in an Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Consession, For any Sum under di IQQ	?

j. d.

010

0	3	0

o

o

O 1

o

006

003

o 10 o 0100

o 10 o 050

050

SCHEDULE (A.)

Writs, Processes, Sec. continued.

Duty.

j*.

For^Cioo, and not exceeding 3^200 And for every ^Sioo exceeding the Sum of id?200, a further Duty of Any Writ of Habere facias feifmam, or Writ of Restitution or Possession -	-

Any Warrant to any Attorney to satisfy a Judgment entered of Record in the Courts of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer, in Dublin Any Warrant of Attorney to vacate any Recognizance entered into in the Court of Chancery, or Equity Side of the Court of Exchequer, and any Order obtained to vacate the same Any Decree or Difmiffal made by or in the Court of Chancery

Any Decree or Difmiffal made by or in the Court of Exchequer	-	-	-

Any Exemplification of a Decree of the Court of Chancery under the Great Seal Any Writ of Error or Certiorari, and any Appeal, except from the Court of Admiralty or Prerogative Court, or any Diocesan or Archiepifeopal Court	-

Except always in all Cases all Proceedings in any Court Martial, or in any Suit in any of the Courts aforesaid, which shall be fried, prosecuted, or had, by any Person admitted to sue or defend therein, in Forma Pauperis. Any Entry of any Atffion in the Mayor’s or Sheriff’s Court in the City of Dublin, and in Courts of all Corporations, and in all other Courts whatsoever, out of which no Writ, Process, or Mandate ifsues, holding Plea, where the Debt or Damage doth amount to Forty Shillings, or above, or where the Thing in Demand or Cause of Suit is of that Value -Any Appearance to be entered to any such Action Any Summons issued out of any inferior Court not holding Plea, above Forty Shillings Any Warrant issued by any such Court, and any Order made by any such Court, on any Summons issued as afore laid	-	-

Any Summons or Process whereby the Defendant or Defendants shall be required to appear or answer the Plaintiff’s Bill, or to appear before any Recorder, Assistant Barrister, Seneschal, or Steward of a Manor Court, or other Judge, or Officer, in any Proceeding in a summary Way by Civil Bill Any Copy of any such Summons Any Decree which shall be made or pronounced by?

3

o 10 o o o 10

O 2

0 5

o 4

0 5

o 15

I o

O I O I

o o o o

o o

Q 1

d.

o

6

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

2

2

2

2

* The like on Copies, 47 G. 3. Ji. 2. c. 14, Schcd. A.

Hj- See as to Proceedings for

Tvtkesy 47 G. 3. / 2. c. 14. Seized. A-

SCHEDULE

(A.)

Duty.

Writs, Processes, Sic. continued. [Judgments.] or any Warrant which shall iffiue under the Hand and Seal, or Hand only, of any A hilt ant Bar-rifler. Recorder, Town Clerk, or Seneschal, or by any Judge of Afsize, in Causes heard by Civil Bill;

Where the Sum decreed shall be under §£$

Shall amount to §£5, and shall not amount to 10

Shall amount to £10 or upwards Any Difmiis made or pronounced by any Assistant Barriiler, Recorder, or Judge of Assize Any Dismiss made or pronounced by any Seneschal or Steward of any Manor, in any Proceeding by Civil Bill	-	-

s£ s.

o 2

o 4 o 7

o 4 o I

Any Renewal of a Decree or Dismiss on any Proceeding by Civil Bill, whether such Decree or Diimiis shall have been made or pronounced by any Judge of Afsize, Recorder, Afliflant Barrifler, Seneschal, or Steward of a Manor Any Recognizance on an Appeal from any Decree or Dismiss made or pronounced by an Affillant Barrifler, Recorder, Seneschal, or Judge of Assize Any Citation or Monition, Mandate, Prohibition, Summons, Requilition, or other Process, of what Nature or Kind soever, that shall issue out of any Ecclesiastical Court in Irelands, and not herein otherwise charged, and any Copies of them refpe&ively	-	-

Any Inventory lodged or exhibited in any Ecclefiaf tical Court in Ireland, and any Copy thereof Any Warrant (except Warrants to Prodlors to appear) Monition, or Personal Decree in the Court of Admiralty (except in Suits for Recovery of Seamen’s Wages)

Any Personal Decree in any Ecclesiastical Court in Ireland	-	*

Any Sentence that shall be given in the Court of Admiralty, or any Attachment (except in Suits for the Recovery of Seamen’s Wages) that shall be made out of the said Court of Admiralty, or any Relaxation of any such Attachment Any Interlocutory Decree in. any of the Ecclesiastical Courts, or in the Court of Admiralty in Ireland Any Decree or Difmiffal in any Ecclesiastical Court in Ireland -Any Exemplification of any Decree in any Eccleiiaflical Court in Ireland -

o 1

O 2

0 5

0 5

o 7 o 7

I o o 10 o 4 o 15

Any Commission issued out of any Ecclesiastical

Court, not herein-before particularly charged -	0	7

Any Appeal from any Diocesan Court -	5	0

d.

o

6

6

o

6

6

6

o

o

6

6

o

o

6

o

6

Q

A-D. 1807.

470 GEO. III. Seff.i

203

C50.

SCHEDULE (A.)				Duty.

Writs, Processes, &c continued, [ judgments.]				

Any Appeal from the Court of Admiralty, or Pre-				£ s. d.

rogative Court,	or any Archiepiscopal Court			1000

Any Cuftodiam	under the Seal of the Exchequer,			

grounded on an	Outlawry in any Civil Adtion			5 0 0 Pj

IV.—Probates and Adminillrations, and Receipts				

for Legacies.				

Any Probate of a Will, and any Letters of Admi-				

nillration whatever, for any		Elfate:		

	£ 3°]		£ ICO	0100

	100		200	1 10 0

	200		3°° -	200

	3°°		400	3 o 0

	4 00		5°° "	4 0 0

	5°°		600	5 0 0

	600		700	6 0 0

	700		800	7 0 0

	SOO		900	8 0 0

	900		1,000	900

	1,000		1,500 -	15 0 0

	i,5°o		2,000	2000

	2,000		3>:°° -	35 0 0

	3,5 °°		5,000 -	60 0 0

	5,000		7>50° -	75 0 0

	7,500	C-M O	10,000	90 0 0

	10,000	O)	12,500 -	IIO O O

	12,500	D 73	15,000	I35 O O

	15,ooo	>	17,500 -	l6o O O

	17,500		20,000	185 O O

Of the Value of <	20,000	K<	25,000	2 10 O O

	25,000	<u	30,000	260 O O

	30,000	c 3	35>000 -	0 O O 00

	35,000	T)	40,000	360 O O

	40,000	5	45,000	4IO O O

	45,000 '		50,000	460 O O

	50,000		60000	550 0 0

	60,000		70,000	650 0 0

	70,000		80,000	75° 0 0

	80,000		90,000	850 0 0

	90,000		100,000	950 0 0

	100,000		125,000	1,200 0 0

	125,000		150,000	© 0 0 0

	15.0,000		175,000	1,600 0 0

	'175^000		200,000	2,000 0 0

	200,000		250,000	■ 2,500 0 0

	250,000		300,000	■ 3,000 0 0

	300,000		350,000	■ 3,500 0 0

	350^000		400,000	■ 4,000 0 0

	400,00c		^ 500,000	■ 5,000 0 0

	h 500,000 and upwards			-|6,ooq 0 q

io 5 o 47 (7. 7. JI. z. c. 1 4. Schtd. A.

■SVe § 29—31 of ihis At7.

Duty.

§ 31-36

*j this jritl.

Probates and Administrations, continued.

Any Letters of Administration, pendente lite, granted by Sentence or Decree, or under the Authority of any Ecclesiastical Court And for every entire Quantity of Fifteen computed Sheets above the first Fifteen computed Sheets, contained in any Probate of any Will, or any Letters of Administration

Except in all Cases, the Probate of any Will or Letters of Administration of the Goods, Chattels, and Effects of any common Seaman, Marine, or Soldier, who shall be flain or die in the Service of His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeftors.

Any Copy of any Will attested by the proper Officer of any Ecclesiastical Court Any Receipt or Discharge for any Legacy specific, or pecuniary, or of any other Description, of the Amount or Value of Twenty Pounds, or more, given by any Will or Testamentary Instrument, and charged upon or given out of any Real or Per-fonal Ellate, or Monies ariftng from the Sale of any Real Estate, directed to be fold by any Will or Testamentary Instrument, or for the clear Reiidue, or for any Part of the clear Reftdue of the Personal Estate of any Person dying teftate or in t eft ate, or for the clear Reftdue, or for any Part of the clear Reftdue deviled to any Person or Persons, of any Monies ariftng or that may arise by the Sale of any Real Estate directed to be fold by any Will or Testamentary Instrument, if the Person dying shall leave any Personal Estate, or any Real Estate or Estates, so directed to be fold, of the clear Value of One hundred Pounds or upwards, in the Whole, after deducting Debts, Funeral Expences, and other Charges and Legacies (if any) for every One hundred Pounds of the Value of any such Legacy or Reftdue, or Part of Reftdue, and for any fractional Part of One hundred Pounds, the Sums following; videlicet, Jf such Legacy or Reftdue, or Part of Reftdue, shall. be given or pass to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sifter of the Deceased, or any Descendant of such Brother or Sifter If the same shall be given or pass to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sifter of a Father or Mother of the Deceased, or any Descendant of such Brother or Sifter If the same shall be given or pass to or for the Benefit of a Brother or Sifter of a Grand-

dS s, d.

10 o o

o 5	9

o o 3

150

2 0

©

SCHEDULE

(A.)

Receipts for Legacies, continued.

father or Grandmother of the Deceased, or any Descendant of such Brother or Sifter If the same shall be given or pass to or for the Benefit of any Person in any other Degree of collateral Consanguinity to theDeceased, than as above described, or to or for the Benefit of any Stranger in Blood to the Deceased -If any such Legacy or Residue, or Part of Residue, shall amount to the Sum of Five hundred Pounds or upwards, and shall be given or pass to or for the Benefit of any Child of the Deceased, or any Descendant of such Child, then for every e^ioo. of the Value thereof -	-

Except, in all Cases, any Receipt or Dif-charge for any Legacy, or any Residue, or any Part of Residue of any Real or Personal Estate, which shall be given or pass to or for the Benefit of the Huf-band or Wife of the Deceased.

And except, in all Cases, any Receipt or Discharge for any Legacy, or any Residue, or Part of Residue of any Real or Personal Estate which shall be given or pass to or for the Benefit of any of the Royal Family.

Duty.

£ •

2 1° °

5 O o

0 IO o

See also § 3*

of this A3*

V.—Mercantile and Commercial Instruments.

For the Duty on Insurances; fee Schedule (B.)

Any Charter-Party, PafTport, Procuration, Letter of Attorney, Warrant of Attorney (except Warrants of Attorney and Letters of Attorney other-wife charged) or any Notarial A£t, not other wise charged	-

Any Bond on the Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, entitled to Bounty, Drawback, or Allowance of Duties	-	«	-

Any Bill of Lading which ftiall be signed for any Goods exported Any Instrument, entitling any Person or Persons exporting any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, from Ireland, to any Drawback or Bounty on exporting the same

Any Policy of Affuranceor Insurance, or any Writing commonly so calied, for insuring Houses, Furniture, Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or other Property, from Loss by Fire Any Bank Note, or Bank Poll Bill, which shall be

040

020

00	6

006

o 1 o

ao6

* S'c § 24

*f this A3.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Duty.

Mercantile and Commercial Inftruraents, continued\ ifiued for any Sum less than Fifty Pounds by the Go\ ernor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or by any Banker or Bankers who drill have registered his 01 their Name or Names and Firm, in Manner directed by Law*; -

"Where the Sum expressed therein shall not amount to Five Pounds

Shall amount to Five Pounds, and shall not amount to Ten Pounds Shall amount to Ten Pounds, and shall not amount to Fifty Pounds -	•	-

Any Foreign or Inland Bill of Exchange, Promif-fory Note, or other Note, Draft, or Order (except Bank Notes and Bank Poll Bills, otherwise charged, and except Promissory Notes for any Sum not exceeding Two Pounds Ten Shillings, palled on account of Tythes, or for Money lent by any Society on charitable Loans) :

Where the Sum exp re {fed therein shall not exceed	-	-	£	10

£	r-	£ 10	!	3°	-

co '"g	1	3°		5°	-

-5 £	1 <	5° , 100	and shall not exceed	ICO 200	“

	1	200		500	-

<L> X	i	50°		1,000	-

£	I	1,000	-	-	-

Any Draft or Order in Writing for the Payment of any Sum of Money not exceeding Ten Pounds British Currency on demand, payable to Bearer or otherwise, drawn upon any Bank, or Banker or Bankers, or Person or Persons acting as a Banker or Bankers in Ireland, within Ten Miles of the Place where such Draft or Order shall be actually drawn and issued, which shall be negociated, or of which Payment shall be required at any Time after the Expiration of Two Days from the Date thereof	-	-	-

Any Proteft where the Amount of the Bill or Note fpecined therein shall be less than Fifty Pounds -Where such Amount shall be Fifty Pounds, or upwards	-

Any Receipt or other Discharge, not otherwise charged, given on the Payment of any Sum of Money, or on the Delivery oLany Cheque, Draft, Bill, or other Order for any Sum of Money, Amounting to £2 and not amounting to £20 £20 and not exceeding <5050 Exceeding £$o	-	-

£ s. d*

o	o	1

0	o	3

o	o	4

°	o	2

o	o	9

0	1	o

O	i	6

0	3	o

°	4	0

o5o

070

0	0	3

040 0.50

002

004

006

SCHEDULE (A.)

Duty.

Mercantile and Commercial Instruments, continued.

Any Receipt in full of all Demands

Except Receipts for Money paid into the Bank of Ireland, or into any House of any re-giftered Banker or Bankers, or for the Purchase of Stock, or on the Back of any Bill, Note, or Deed, or by any Army or Navy Agent, Officer, Soldier or Sailor, for any Money received on account of Pay, Allowances, or other Military or Naval Per-quifites or Emoluments, or by any Officer of the Exchequer, for Money received for His

Majesty.

Any Receipt or other Discharge, given by any Officer of the Revenue on Payment of Money, for or on Account of any Duty on Dwelling Houses in respect of Hearths or Windows, or Coaches and other Carriages, or Horses, and on Male Servants;

If the Sum paid shall amount in the Whole to <5^2, and /hall not amount to £20 If it ffiall amount to £20, and shall not exceed £$o And if the Sum ffiall exceed a£$o

The said Duties on such laft-mentioned Receipts to be paid by the Person to whom such Receipts ffiall be given by the Officers of the Revenue.

£ s. cl. 006

006

o 10

026

VI.—Licences, Game Certificates, and Deputations.

Any Licence to any Person to aft as a Notary Pub-lick	-	-

Any Marriage Licence to be issued from the Court of Prerogative	-	-

Any Licence to keep One or more Printing Press or Preffes	-	-	-

Any Licence to any Person to deal or retail Stamp;, in Ireland	-	-	-

Except Persons being DiftriSutors of Stamps lawfully appointed by the Comm’ffioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland.

Any Licence to any Person to manufacture Hats,

In the Cities of Dublin, Cork, Waterford, and Limerick, and Town of Belfafl In any other City, Town, or Borough, returning a Member to serve in Parliament In any other Part of Ireland Any Licence to any Person (not being a Manufac-

200 o 10 o 010 0100

I 10	©

ICO

o 10 o

Licences, &c. continued

turer of Hats) to utter or vend any Hats in any City or Town Corporate in Ireland In any other Part of Ireland Any Certificate to be granted by any Distributor of Stamps under the Provisions of an Act made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, ci An Afor granting to His “ Majesty certain Duties upon Certificates with <c refpedf to the killing of Game in Ireland” -Any Deputation or Appointment of a Gamekeeper granted to any person by a Lord or Lady of a Manor, or other Person in Ireland

s. d.

loo

050

220

220

VII.—Newfpapers, Almanacks, and Publications.

Any Paper containing publick News, Intelligence, or Occurrences, whether such Paper shall be published once in every Week or oftener Any Almanack or Calendar for any One particular Year, or for any Time less than a Year Any Almanack or Calendar made to serve for any longer Time than a Year, or for several Years Any Dublin Dire&ory

Any Army Lift, or any Lift of Attornies, Solicitors, or Conveyancers, duly admitted, and having paid Duty on their Certificates (except such Lifts respectively as shall be published with the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being)	-

Any Daily Account or Daily Bill of Goods imported into or exported from Ireland, or Abstract thereof, included in or with any other Publication ; (except such Daily Accounts, or Bills of Imports or Exports, as shall be printed or published by any Person or Persons authorized to print the same by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, and pursuant to the said Authority)

Any Account or Bill of Goods imported into or exported from Ireland, printed or pubiiftied Daily, Weekly, Monthly, or at any other Time or Times, as Accounts, or Abftradts of Accounts of such Goods, for each Day’s Account contained therein (except such Accounts or Bills of Imports or Exports, as shall be printed or published by such Person or Persons as aforesaid)

002

009

o 7	6

006

006

001

o o I

A.D, 1807.

470 GEO. III. Self. 1.

209

C. 50'

Duty.

SCHEDULE (B.)

Articles not stamped on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper.

[*For and upon every Japanned or Varnifbed Hat, and every Hat made of Silk, Wool, Felt, Stuff, Beaver, or Leather, or any Mixture of them, or with any other Subfiance or Subfiances, by whatever Name such Hat shall be called or diflinguished, which shall be uttered, vended, or fold by any Person taking out a Licence for uttering or vending Hats by Retail:

If the Price or Value of such Hat, including all the Mounting or other Ornaments (except Gold or Silver Lace) shall not exceed the Sum of 5 s. Irish Currency If such Price or Value shall exceed 5 s. and shall not exceed 7 s. Irish Currency

shall exceed 7 s. and shall not exceed 12 s.

Irish Currency

12 s. and shall not amount to i8s.

shall amount to 18 s. or upwards

For every Advertisement to be contained or pub-lifhed in any Gazette, Newspaper, Journal, or Daily Accounts, to be published Weekly or oftener, or in any other printed Paper or Pamphlet dispersed or made publick Yearly, Monthly, or at any other Interval of Time, or in any Hand Bill containing more than One Advertisement; and for every Copy of any Proclamation, Order of Council, or Adi of State, made by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, or the Privy Council of Ireland, which shall be contained or published in any Gazette, Newspaper, Journal, or Daily Accounts, other than the Dublin Gazette

And for every Ten Lines which every such Advertisement, Proclamation, Order, or Adi of State shall contain over and above the first Ten Lines (no such Lines to exceed 2om’s of the Letter called Long-primer, or Two Inches and Three Quarters of an Inch), a further Duty of	-

And if such Advertisement shall be printed in Lines exceeding such Length as aforesaid, then a Duty in all Cases equal to Treble the Amount of the foregoing Duties.

47 Geo. III.	P	1

* See 47 G. 3. c.14.

0	0	3

0 0 6 O I o

O 2 O

036]

O I ©

o

I Q

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

210

47° geo. III. SclT. 1.

A.D. 1807

C. 50.

SCHEDULE (B.)

Articles not {lamped on Vellum, &c. continued.

For every Pamphlet or Paper not exceeding Six Sheets in Octavo, or in a lefTer Page, and not exceeding Twelve Sheets in Quarto, or Twenty Sheets in Folio, for every Sheet of any Kind of Paper contained in One printed Copy or Imprefiion thereof, a Duty of

The foregoing Duty on Advertisements and Pamphlets does not extend to Advertisements refpeCting Hospitals, Forms of Prayer and Thanksgiving, printed Votes and Proceedings in Parliament, School Books, or Books of Devotion or Piety.

For any AfTurance or Insurance, viz.

For any AfTurance or Insurance of any Ship or Ships, Goods, or Merchandize, or any other Property or lntereft whereon Insurance may be lawfully made againll Loss in any Voyage or Voyages, or from the Dangers of or other Perils at Sea, where the Premium, or Consideration in the Nature of a Premium, actually and bona fide paid or contradled for shall not exceed the Rate of 20s. perCent. ; For any Voyage to or from any Port or Place in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, from or to any other Place in the said Kingdom or lilands ;

Where the Sum insured shall amount to One hundred Pounds, or any less Sum -And so progrefiively for every One hundred Pounds so insured And where the Sum insured shall exceed One hundred Pounds, or any progrefllve Sums of One hundred Pounds each by any fractional Part of One hundred Pound?, for such fractional Part For any other Voyage,

Where the Sum insured shall amount to One hundred Pounds, or any lefs'Sum And so progrefiively for every One hundred Pounds so insured And where the Sum insured shall exceed One hundred Pounds, or any progrtT-fiveSums of One hundredPounds each by any fractional Part of One hundred Pounds, for such fractional Part And where the Premium, or Consideration in the Nature of a Premium for such Insurance, actually and bona fide paid or contracted for, shall exceed

Duty.

s.	d»

o s •

013

013

o 1 3

0 2 6

02 6

026

A.D.1807.

47° GEO. III. Self. 1.

C-5°>—

ail

SCHEDULE (B.)	Duty.

Articles hot stamped on Vellum, &c. continued. the Rate of Twenty Shillings per Cent, for any Voyage, then a Duty, in all Cases, equal to double the Amount of the foregoing Duties. Any Assurance or Insurance upon every Sum of One hundred Pounds, and so in Proportion for any greater or iefs Sum, that is or ffiall be insured by any Person or Persons, in or by any Policy of Insurance for insuring Houses, Goods, Furniture, Warehouses, Merchandize, or other Property, from Loss by Fire, yearly	026

SCHEDULE (C.) ALLOWANCES.	

To any Perfdri who shall bring Vellum, Parchment, or Paper to the Head Office of the Commissioners of Stamps in Dublin, to be Ramped, or who ffiall buy any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, at the said Plead Office, the Duties whereof respectively shall amount to Twenty Pounds or upwards (fave and except Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, to be 'ffiamped with any Duty of Fifty Pounds or upwards, in the foregoing Schedules mentioned), after the Rate of Three Pounds for every One hundred Pounds, upon prompt Payment of the said Duty upon such Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, so by them brought.

To any Shopkeeper or Shopkeepers, Dealer or Dealers, or other Person or PerfOns, who ffiall produce at the Head Office of the Commissioners of Stamps in the City of Dublin, to be Ramped with any Receipt Stamps an^ Quantity of Paper, whereon ffiall be written or printed these Words:	“	I,	[or,	“We, here inferring the

Name or Names, or Firm of the Person or Persons so producing the same, and paying for the said Stamps'] Do hereby acknowledge that I, [or, We, as the Case may beJ have received the Sum of an Allowance thereon after the Rate of Fifteen Pounds per Centum, if the Quantity so paid for at one. Time ffiall amount to the Value of Five Pounds, and not exceed Fifteen Pounds, and after the Rate of Twenty Pounds per Centum if the Quantity so paid for at one Time ffiall amount to Fifteen Pounds or upwards.

CAP. LI.

An Act to extend the Provisions of ari Aft made in the last Session of Parliament, for abolishing Fees received by certain Officers and other Persons employed in the Service of the Customs in the Port of London, and for regulating the Attendance of Officers and others so emploved, to the Out-Ports j and to appropriate the Fees of certain abolished and vacant Offices in the Customs to The Superannuation Fund.

[25th April 1807.]

* 117 HERE AS by an Aft patted in the last Session of Parliament, 4« Geo. 3, c/S*.

s ■ V intituled, An Act for abolishing Fees received by certain Officers

P a	4 and

313

•si.

47° GEO. III. Se(T. i.

A.D. 1807.

Treasury may extend the Provisions of the recited A<£t to such of the Out Ports of Great Britain as they shall think fit.

*	and other Persons employed in the Service of the Cujloms in the Port of c London, and for regulating the Attendance of Officers and others so 1 employedj certain Officers and other Persons enumerated and c described in the Table annexed to the said A£t, employed in the Ser-f vice of the Customs in the Port of London, are forbid, on Pain of

<	Difmiffion for the first Offence, to require, take, or receive any Fee,

‘ Perquisite, Gratuity, or Reward, for any Service, AS, Duty, Matter,

<	or Thing, done or performed, or to be done or performed, on account € of their respective Offices or Employments, except as in the said AS f is provided : And Whereas it would tend greatly to the Benefit of

*	the fair Trader, and the Security of the Revenue, if the Powers

*	and Provisions of the said Adi were extended to the other Ports in

*	Great Britain f be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seven, it shall be lawfuL for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, whenever it shall appear expedient, to extend the Provisions of the said recited AS to any of the Ports in Great Britain, and to the Officers, Clerks, and other Persons employed in the Service of the Customs at any such Ports ; and the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury are hereby authorized and required, whenever and as often as they shall think fit to exercise the Power hereby veiled in them, by extending the Provisions of the said recited AS to any Port or Ports in Great Britain, and to the Officers, Clerks, and other Persons employed in the Service of the Customs therein, to give Notice thereof in the London Gazette Three several Times.

II. And be it further enabled, That from and after the Expiration of Fourteen Days at least from the Publication of any such Notices, or any such longer Period from such Publication as the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury shall direct to employed in the therein inserted, no Fee, Perquisite, Gratuity, or Reward, whether Service of the	pecuniary or of	any other Sort or Description whatsoever, shall be

Customs, in any	required, taken,	or received by any Officer, Clerk, or other Person

Port m Great	executing, or performing, or assisting in the Execution or Performance

Britain.	of any Qf	or acting in any of the Offices or Employ-

ments in or belonging to His Majesty’s Customs, enumerated or described in the Table annexed to this AS, marked (A ) in any Port or Ports in Great Britain, respecting which such Notice as aforesaid shall have been given, for any AS, Duty, Matter, or Thing done or performed, or to be done or performed, by any or either of such Officer or Officers, Clerk or Clerks, or other Person or Persons, on account of or relating to any such Office or Employ-Officers (hnii	ment, except as herein after provided ; and all such Officers, Clerks,

receive yearly	and other Persons respectively, /hall, from and after the Expiration

Salaries.	of the Period fixed in the Notice by this Adi directed to be given,

receive such annual Salaries, or other Allowances, as the Lords Com* miffioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall deem to be reasonable, for the Labour and Trouble of executing Penalty on	the Duties of their respective Offices or Employments ; and if ’any

Officers taking	fuch Officer, Clerk, or other Person shall, at any Time after the Ex-

Foes, See.	piration of the Period mentioned in the said Notice, require, take,

Oifraittal.	or

No Fee or Gratuity fhaII be taken by certain Officers or Persons

AD. 1807.	470	GEO. III. Seff. 1.	C.51.	313

or receive any Fee, Perquisite, Gratuity, or Reward, whether pecuniary , or of any other Sort or Description whatever, except as herein-after is provided, either directly or indirectly, on account of or relating to any such Office or Employment, or for any Service, Act, Duty,

Matter, or Thing done or performed, or to be done or performed therein, although the same shall be freely offered or given, every such Officer, Clerk, or other Person so offending, shall, on. Proof thereof to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Customs in England, or any Four or more of them, or of the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Customs in Scotland, or any Three or more of them respectively, be for the first Offence peremptorily dismissed from his Office or Employment, and be rendered incapable of ever again holding or executing or acting in any Office or Employment in the Service of His Majesty’s Customs or Excise.

Exception as to Share of Seizures, &c. or Allowance or Reward <c to Officers. § 3. [See 46 G. 3. c. 82. § 2.J

IV.	And, in order that proper Compensation may be made to any Treasury may Officer, Clerk, or other Person employed in the Service of the make Compen-Cuftoms at any Port in Great Britain, who may sustain Loss by the r^!°n to Officers Abolition of Fees directed by this Act, be it enacted. That it shall XbolkiorTof ^ be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury pces.

for the Time being, or any Three or more of them , in Cases where, on due Examination and Inquiry, it shall be made to appear to them that the Salaries or Allowances which by this Act they are authorized to direct to be paid to Officers, Clerks, and other Persons employed in the Service of the Customs, at any Port in Great Britain, as a Reward for their Labour in future, in the Execution of the Duty of their respective Offices or Employments, may not amount to so much as it might be just and reasonable to allow to the present Poffef-fors of such Offices ’or Employments, by way of Compensation for the Loss of Fees formerly received by them respectively, to order such further Allowance as they the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury shall deem just and reasonable to be paid to any such Officer, Clerk, or other Person ; such further Allowance to commence from the Time after which the Officers, Clerks, and other Persons employed in the Service of the Customs at any Port or Ports in Great Britain, shall be, according to the Provilions of this Act, prohibited from taking or receiving any Fee, Gratuity, or Reward whatever ; and such Allowances shall continue during the Time any such Officer, Clerk, or other Person shall hold any such Office or Employment ; Provided ^always, that in case any such Officer, Clerk, or other Person shall be;: removed to any other Office or Employment , in the Service of the Customs, the Annual Salary or other Emoluments of which do not amount to more than the Salary, and the further Allowance by way of Compensation hereby directed to be made to any such Officer, Clerk, or other Person would have amounted to, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’sTreafury to continue to any such Officer,

Clerk, or other Person, the Allowance, or any Part thereof, they may have granted by way of Cpmpenfation for Loss of Fees, notwithstanding such Removal as aforesaid.

V.	And be it further enacted, That any Allowance, by way of Compensation Compensation for Loss of Fees, which the Lords Commissioners of %^Ler3cUg^er His Majesty’s Treasury have thought fit to grant by virtue of the | 3 may^be**

P 3	faid	continued

although the Officers may-fee i t moved.

Officers specified in Table (A ) shall take the Oath hereiu mentioned iniKnd of ’-.he O.irh under o, 7 Gul. 3. c. 1. § 5*

No Holidays,

except Sundays, Chiiftmas Day, CoocJ Fiid..y, Public Faffs, 3,;c. Rets •->’ a’ion,

Bir(h Days of King ai.d Queen and Prince of Wales.

Treasury may alter the Hours of Attendance.

C.51.	47° GEO. III. SelT. 1.	A.D.1807.

said recited Act, to any Officer, Clerk, or ether Person employed in the Service of the Customs, in the Port of London, may, in case t>f the Removal of any such Officer, Clerk, or other Perfjn, to any other Office or Employment in the Service of the Cullomq the Income of which may not exceed in Amount the annual Salary and Allowances any such Officer, Clerk, or other Person was entitled to receive on account of the Office or Employment from which he may have been so removed, be continued to such Officer, Clerk, or other Person, either in the Whole or in Part, notwithllandmg such Removal, in cale the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, ffiall so direct ; any Thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI.	And be it further enacted. That, every Person who shall, after the Expiration of the Period mentioned in the Notice by this Aft required to be given reipefting the Abolition of Fees at any Port or Ports in Great Britain> be appointed to any of the Offices or Employments in any such Port enumerated or described in the Table to this Act annexed, marked (A ) ffiall, at their respective Admissions thereto, instead of the Oath prescribed by an Act palled in the Si *th and Seventh Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary., take the following Oath ; (that is to say),

*	1 A B. do swear to be true and faithful in the Execution, to the

*	■*“ belt of my Knowledge and Power, of the Trull committed to

*	my Charge and Inspection, in the Service of His Majesty’s Cuf-

*	toms ; and that I will not require, take or receive any Fee, Perqui-

*	lite, Gratuity, or Reward, whether pecuniary or of any other Sort

*	or Description whatever, either directly or indirectly, for any Service,

*	Aft, Duty, Matter or Thing done dr performed,, or to be done or performed in the Execution or Discharge of any of the Duties of

*	my Office or Employment, on any Account whatever, other than

*	my Salary, and what is or ffiall be allowed me by Law.

4 So help ir e GO DR

VII.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seven, no Holidays whatever ffiall be permitted or allowed to be observed and kept at the Cuftcm Houle in any of the Ports in Great Britain, or by any Officer, Clerk, or other Person belonging to or employed in the Service of H.s Majesty s Customs in any of the said Ports, except Chrijtx~ mas Day and 'Good Friday in every Year, and any Days which ffiall be appointed by His Majesty’s Proclamation for the Purpose of a Central Fail or Thanksgiving, and also the Anniversaries of the Restoration of His Majesty King Charles the Second, and of the Coronation of His Majesty, and the Birth Days of Their Majesties and of Lis Royal Highness the Prince of Wales ; but that all Business of the Culiom House, and relating to the Revenue of Customs within the said Ports, ffiall be carried on and performed on every Day throughout the Year, except on Sundays, and the Days before excepted; any Law, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it ffiall be lawful for the; said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty s Treasury, er any Three or more of them, by Warrant under their Hands, whenever and as often as they ffiall deem it right for the better Security of the Revenue, and the Accommodation of Trade, to alter the Hours during which the Officers, Clerks, or other Persons employed

in

21 $

A'D.1807.

4f GEO. HI. Seff. 1.

c.5i.

in the Service of the Customs at any Port of Great Britain, except the Port of London, are now by Law required to attend in the Execution of the Duties of their respective Offices or Employments., and to regulate and direct the Attendance of every such Officer, Clerk, or other Person so emploved, in such Manner and during such Times, and at such Places, as they the said Lords Commissioners of His Ma-jefty’s Treasury shall in their Judgement deem expedient for the Pub-lick Service ; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX ‘And Whereas, by an A dl passed in the Thirty-eighth Year Fees of abolished 4 of His -nrefent Majesty’s Reign, intituled. An ABfor abolijhing cer~ and vacant 4 tain Offices in the Cujloms, and for regulating certain other Offices therein, G^ccs aPP10"

*	and for applying the Fees which have been received from vacant Offices Pna'ef ,n

. J 11 J 9	.	r	j	<	.	,	-T-i	Augmentation

*	towards the Augmentation oj the Superannuation runa, certain Tees ofdieSuper-

4 and Emoluments attached to various abohffied and vacant Offices in animation Fund, ( the Customs, and received previous to the Fifth Day of July One under 38 Geo.3.,

4	thouland seven hundred and ninety-eight, were directed to be ap- c-

5	propriated and applied in Augmentation of the Superannuation 4 Fund- established under the Management of the Commissioners of 4 His Majesty’s Customs, for the Benefit of aged and infirm or disabled 4 Officers: And Whereas it is expedient to make Provision for the 4 Appropriation of such of the said Fees and Emoluments' as have 4 been or may be received since the said FifthDay of July One thou-4 sand seven hundred and ninety-eight be it therefore enacted, That the several Sums of Money which have been received since the said Fifth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, or which may at any Time hereafter be received for Fees or Emoluments of Offices, in the Customs so abolillied and vacant, shall be appropriated and applied in Augmentation of the said Fund, called the Superannuation Fund, in such Manner as the said Commissioners of His Majesty’s Customs in England for the Tirne being, or any Four or more of them, shall in their Judgement and Discretion deem proper, and shall by Writing under their Hands direct,

44 Adi may be altered this Session. § 10.

TABLE to which this Adi refers,

TABLE (A.)

A LIST of Offices and Employments in His Majesty’s Customs, in the several Ports in Great Britain (except the Port of London) : —

The Officers, Clerks, and other Persons appointed to execute and discharge any of the Duties thereof refpedftively, or acting therein, are, by the Adi to which this Table is annexed, prohibited, after the Expiration of the Time mentioned in the Notice directed to be given with respect to any such Ports, from requiring, taking, or receiving any Fee, Perquisite, Gratuity, or Reward, oa any Ac* count whatever, on pain of Dismission : videlicet,

Surveyors of Warehouses,

Landing Surveyors.

Controlling Surveyors.

Surveyors of any other Description.

Deputy King’s Waiters.

Acting King’s Waiters.

Landing Waiters of every Description, and Persons adding as Landing Waiters. #	6

P 4	Gaugers.i

Hosted b	“	'VIV

47° GEO. III. Self. i*

A.D. 1807.

2i6	C.51.

Gaugers.

Meafurers of Timber.

Jerquers.

Warehouse Keepers of every Defcriptioru Controllers on Warehouse Keepers of every Description.

Clerks of the Checque on the Weighing Porters or Weighers, Superintendant of the Weighing Porters or Weighers.

Appointers of the Weighing Porters or Weighers.

Lockers of every Description, and Persons acting as Lockers. Weighing Porters and Weighers of every Description, and Persons acting as Weighing Porters or Weighers.

Watchmen of every Description, and Persons acting as Watchmen. Coopers.

Yard Keepers.

Meafurers of Keels.

Patent Searchers.

Surveyors of the Searchers.

Searchers of every Description, and Persons acting as Searchers. Surveyors of the Coast: Waiters.

Coast: Waiters of every Description, and Persons acting as Coast: Waiters.

Infpedtors of Coal Meters.

Infpedtors of the Water Guard of every Description, and Persons acting as Infpedtors of the Water Guard.

Tide Surveyors of every Description, and Persons acting as Tide Surveyors.

Registers of the Tide Waiters.

Tide Waiters of every Description, and Persons acting as Tide Waiters.

Registers of the Watermen.

Sitters of Boats.

Watermen and Boatmen of every Description, and Persons acting as Watermen or Boatmen.

Supervisors of Riding Officers.

Riding Officers.

Preventive Officers.

Land Carriage Men.

Noon Tenders.

Registers of Wool.

Officers and Persons employed in the Quarantine Service.

Gate Keepers and Messengers employed in any of the Offices or Em-loyments enumerated in this Table.

All Clerks, and Persons of every Description, employed either con-ftantly or occasionally in or about any of the Offices or Employments enumerated or described in this Table, or in any Way adtihg or affilling in the Execution or Discharge of any of the Duties or Rufmefs thereof.

[&* the Aft t$ which this Table is annexed ']

C A E

Hasted

47° GEO. III. SefT.t.

217

A.D.1807.

C.53.

CAP. LII.

An Adi for enabling His Majesty to grant the Palace, called The King's House, with the Appurtenances, situate in Greenwich Parky in the County of Kenty to the Commillioners for the Government of The Royal Naval Asylum, and for enabling the said Commissioners to appoint a Chaplain to officiate therein.	[25 th April 1807.]

44 His Majesty empowered to grant the Premises mentioned to the 44 Commissioners for the Government of the Naval Asylum. § 1.— 4< The Grant of the Lands declared valid, notwithstanding, Stats. 44 1 Ann. ft. 1. c 7. 1 Geo. 3. c. 1. or 34 G. 3. c. 75. br any other 44 Adi. § 2.—Commiffioners empowered to appoint a Chaplain to 44 the Naval Asylum. § 3.

IV.	4 And Whereas, by an Adi passed in the Forty-third Year 4 of His present Majesty, intituled, dn Adi to amend the Laws relat-4 ing to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms, and for enforcing the Reft-4 dence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefces in England, it was enacted,

4 That Spiritual Persons employed as Chaplains at any of the Royal 4 Hospitals of Greenwich, Chelsea, Plymouth, Woolwich, Military 4 Asylum at Chelsea, Royal Military College at High Wycombe, or as 4 Teachers at the Royal Military Academy at Woolwich, or acting 4 as public Officers in any Hall or University, and in other Capacities 4 therein enumerated, fhouldnotbe subject to any of the Pains, Penal-4 ties, or Forfeitures contained in any Adi, for or on Account of any 4 Non-reftdence, on any Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donation, or 4 perpetual Curacy be it therefore enacted, That no Spiritual Per-fon acting as Chaplain, Auditor, Secretary, or in any other public Office in His Majesty’s said Royal Naval Asylum, shall be subject to any of the Pains, Penalties, or Forfeitures contained in the said Adi* or in any other Adi, for or on account of any Non-refidence on any Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donation, or perpetual Curacy, in any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; any Thing in any other Adi contained to the contrary thereof in anywise not* withfianding.

V.	And be it further enacted. That no Officer, Servant, or other Person, who shall belong to, or reside in, the said Roy al Naval Asylum, or Officer, Servant, or other Person, retained or employed in the said Royal Naval Asylum, either by or in the Service of the Commissioners aforesaid, for the Purposes of the said Royal Naval Asylum, or by or in the Service of any Person or Persons residing in or belonging to the said Royal Naval Asylum, shall by reason of any such Office, Residence, Service, or Employment, gain or acquire any Settlement, in or be entitled to Relief from the Parish of Greenwich>

** General Saving. § 6,

CAP,

Chaplain, &t. exempted from, the Penalties of Non-residence, under 43 Geo. 3-c. 84.

[Se* §15 o/*that

ASC\

No Officer of the Royal NTaval Asylum shall gain aSettlement in the Pat i(h of Greenwich,

c'53>—54-

47® GEO. HI. Seff.i.

A.D. 1807*

218

CAP. LIII.

An Act to suspend for Twelre Months so much of an Act of the Second Year of King James the First, intituled, An Act concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and other Artificers, occupying the cutting of Leathery as prohibits the regrating and ingroffing of Oaken Bark.	[25th	April	1807.']

2 Jnc. I.C.22.

Persons may regratc or ingross Oaken Bark.

Recited Aft suspended for One Year.

*	\\fHEREAS hY an Act passed in the Second Year of the ‘ Y V Reign of His Majesty King James the First, intituled. An

*	Act concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and others occupying the i cutting of heathery it is among ft other Things enacted, That no

*	Perfon or Persons shall regrate, ingross, or get into his or their 1 Hands, by buying, contracting, or promise taking, any Oaken Bark

*	before it be (tripped, or after, to the Intent to fell the same again,

*	upon Pain of Forfeiture of all such Barks so by him or them r§«

1 grated, ingroffed, or bought contrary to the tiue Meaning o this

*	prefent Branch, or the full Value thereof: And Whereas at this

*	prefent Time efpepially, it is expedient that Persons should be per-‘ mitted to buy and contract for Oaken Bark for the Purpose of fel-c ling the same again, and supplying Tanners and others in Ireland

*	and certain Parts of Great Britain, therewithMay it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That front and after the palling of this Adi, for and during the Space of Twelve Calendar Months ne^t ensuing, it shall and may be lawful for any Person of Persons to regrate, ingross, or get into his or their Hands, by buying, contracting, or promise taking, any Oaken Bark before it be stripped, or after, to the Intent to fell the same again ; and that such Person or Persons shall not be liable to any Pain of Foifeituie of such Barks, or the Value thereof, or to any other Pain or Penalty whatsoever on that Account ; any Thing to the contrary thereof in the said Adi of James the First, or the said Branch thereof contained notwithstanding ; and that so much of the said Adi, or the said Branch thereof, as is herein-before recited, shall be, from and after the palling of this Act, for and during the Space of Twelve Calendar Months next ensuing, and so much of the same is hereby suspended and of no Efsect,

CAP. LIV.

An Act for increafmg the Rates of Subfiflence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

[25th April 1807.]

[The Rates are the same as in 41 G. 3. U. K. c. 35.] — Continue ance of Adi from 24th March 1807, until 25th March 1808.

CAP,

A.D. 1807.

470GEO. III. Seff. 1.	C.	55.	219

CAP. LV.

An Act for charging the Sum of Twelve Millions, Part of the Loan of Twelve Millions two hundred thousand Pounds, raised for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven, upon the Duties of Cuf-toms and Excise, granted to His Majesty during the Continuance of the present Wa~, and for certain Periods after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace,and for providing a Sinking Fund for the Redemption of the Stocks or Funds thereby created*	[25th	April	1807.]

rPIEREAS it is expedient that a Part of the Loan or Loans raised for the Service of Great Britain, for the present Year,

*	fiiould be charged upon the several Duties of Customs and Excise,

* granted to His Majesty during the Continuance of the present

* War, and until certain Periods after the Ratification of a DefL f nitive Treaty of Peace ; and for making an effectual Fund for de-

* fraying the Charge occasioned by such Part or Parts of the said f Loan or Loans, as is or are or shall be charged thereon, it is ex~

6	pedient that certain of the said Duties should be further granted c and continued for such a further limited Perm, and in such Pro-€ portions and Manner, as in this Aft is directed be it therefore enacted by the King’s mo ft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advjce and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That the several Duties of Excise granted to His The Dunes Majesty by an Aft passed in the Forty-third Year of His present by^O-cT 3, Majesty s Reign, intituled, yin .Aft for granting to His Majesty until c.Si ai d Twelve Months after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace, 46 Geo 3* c. 390 certain additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain ; and by another furrhcr

Aft pa fled in I he Forty-fixth Year of His present Majeity’s Reign, cotumue • intituled, yin H3 for granting to His Majfiy until 'twelve Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties of Excise on Tobacco and Snuff; shall be, and the same are hereby further granted and continued, and shall be payable to and for the Ule of His Majesty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, for such further Term or Terms, and in such Proportions, after the Expiration of the said Period, and in such Manner, as hereinafter is directed concerning the

same.

II. And be it further enacted, That in order to defray the T>20:) oooh to Charge occasioned by the Sum of Twelve Millions, Part of the durinV^tuAvnr Loan of Twelve Millions Two hundred thousand Pounds contrafted jn the Exchequer to be raised for the Service of Great Britain for the present Year, out of the War there shall, during the Continuance of the present War, and until Six Taxes, and to be Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, be let * P Pqa t e d apart at the Receipt of the Exchequer in England, and appropriated pyn^IVficfray to the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, quarterly or otherwise, tne Cha.ge of as the said Charge may from Time to Time be incurred or become clue, i'wet-c millions put of the Produce of any of the Duties of Customs audExcife granted ^1,1 of tiu-Loan. to Kis Majesty, during the Continuance of the present War, and until	°/

certain Periods after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, ;	n'*

which

220

C-55-

470 GEO. III. 5cff.i.

A.D. 1807.

If no other Provision shall have been made by Parliament, the Duties shall he furtner continurd. Sec.

Provisions of the several lecited Ads taall apply to the Dunes continued by Shis Ad.

1,200,0001. additional shall be placed annually to the Account of the Commiilionei s for the

Reduction of the National Debt.

which may from Time to Time be remaining in the Exchequer, notwithstanding any other Appropriation of the said Duties by virtue of any Adi or Adis of Parliament now in force, the clear annual Sum of One Million two hundred thousand Pounds (being equal to Ten Pounds per Centum upon the said Sum of Twelve Millions;) which annual Sum shall be deemed an Addition made to the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by the said Sum of Twelve Millions, Part of the said Loan of Twelve Millions two hundred thousand Pounds, and by the several Funds to be created in respect thereof, by any Adi or Adis of Parliament palled or to be palled in the present Selfion of Parliament.

Ill* And be it further enacted, That if no other Provision shall have been made by Parliament, for defraying the Annual Charge occasioned by the said Sum of Twelve Millions, from and after the Expiration of the said Period of Six Months from and after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, the Duties of Excise, granted to His Majesty by the above recited Adis, or so much and such Part or Parts or Proportions thereof respectively as shall not previoully have been repealed or discontinued by any Adi or Acts of Parliament, shall thenceforth be further continued and be payable to and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Succelfors ; and so much thereof as shall amount to the Sum of One Million two hundred thousand Pounds, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by the said Sum of Twelve Millions, Part of the said Loan, until some other Provision shall be made by Parliament for defraying the said Charge ; and in case there shall be any Remainder of the Monies arising by the said Duties, after defraying the said Charge, such Remainder or Surplus shall, until the same shall be discontinued or specially appropriated by Parliament, be applicable and may be applied to such Uses and Purpcfes as the Monies composing the Consolidated Fund may by Law be applied.

IV.	And be it further enabled. That the several Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in the said recited Adis, or either of them, ©r in any other Adi or Adis of Parliament contained, in relation to the said several Duties of Excise thereby respectively granted, and the Drawbacks or Bounties of Excise allowed thereon respectively, shall remain and continue in force, and be respectively applied, practised, and put in Execution, in respect of the said several Duties, Drawbacks, and Bounties respectively, or such Parts or Proportion thereof respectively as shall from Time to Time be continued by virtue of this Adi, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the said Clauses, Powers Provisions, Diredlions, Fines, Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, were expressly repeated and re-enadled in this Atk.

V.	And be it further enacted. That in addition to the Sum which shall from Time to Time be fet apart and issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer in England, out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britainy to the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in order to satisfy and pay the respective Annuities, In-terect, and Dividends, which shall become payable on Account of the several Funds to be created by virtue of any Adi or Adis of Parliament palled or to be palled in the present Selfion of Parliament, ^in refpedl

Z21

A.D.1807,	470 GEO. III. SefT. i*	C.	55.

of the said Sum of Twelve Millions, together with the Charges attending the same, such a further annual Sum as, together with the same, shall be equal to the clear annual Sum of One Million two hundred thousand Pounds, shall also from Time to Time be fet apart and issued at the said Receipt of the Exchequer, out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, by equal Quarterly Payments, to the Gover* nor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt ; who shall from Time to Time apply the same, and also the Dividends payable on any Stock redeemed or purchased therewith, in such Manner as is directed by any A£t or A6ts now in force with respect to any other Sums' issued to the said Commissioners for the Redemption of the National Debt ; and all and every the Powers and Authorities, Regulations and Provisions, contained in any such Act or A&s, respecting the Application of Monies issued or placed to the Account of the said Commissioners, shall be valid and effectual, with respect to the Monies issued or placed to the Account of the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act, in so far as the same are applicable, and except where the same are herein expressly varied, as fully as if the same were particularly re-enacted therein : Provided always, that the first of the said Quarterly Payments shall commence and be payable on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and seven.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever as »Ho the Sums any Part of the Principal or Capital Stock of any Publick Annuities <r°r

shall have been redeemed or purchased by the Commissioners for the	cm

Reduction of the National Debt, with any Monies by this Adi made scock^rcdcem^l applicable to that Purpose, all Sum or Sums of Money which would have been iffuable to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England or paid for or on Account of the Charges 01 Management of such Stock in case the same had not been redeemed, shall thenceforth be placed to the Account of the said Commissioners, and be by them applied in like Manner as any other Sums placed to their Account by virtue of this Act, are directed to be applied.

VII.	And be it further enabled, That whenever and so soon as an When the

Amount of Capital Stock of the Publick Annuities of Great Bi'itain, producing an Amount of Dividends equal to the Amount of the Divi- rccjCemed by dends payable in respect of the Capital Stock or Funds originally the Operation created by the said Sum of Twelve Millions, Part of the Loan raised of the Annual for the Service of Great Britain for the present Year, shall have been Application of purchased or redeemed by the Operation of such Part of the clear I’20^’00°1* Annual Sum of One Million two hundred thousand Pounds by this	a

Adi directed to be fet apart and appropriated out of the Produce of tflued.

the said Duties, as shall from Time to Time have been applied by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, in thePurchafe or Redemption of such Publick Annuities of Great Britain, then the said Sum of One million two hundred thousand Pounds shall no longer be issued at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, but shall be con-fidered as redeemed by Parliament, and shall remain to be disposed of as Parliament shall direct.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Persons

shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counter- ^"^ares^&c feited, or shall wilfully aid oraflifl in the forging or counterfeiting any guj|ty 0fFdonyj Certificate or Certificates, Order or Orders, made forth by virtue of without Cleigy. this Adi, or alter any Number, Figure, or Word therein, or present

222

Tteafurer of the Navy Shall not draw on the Kink but for ■Money to be immediately applied for Navy Services, Scc.

Pen.tJry for ©ftendiug;igainft this Ad, incapacity of Office*

C4^® GEO. III. SefT.f.	A.D.igo^.

for Payment, utter, vend, barter, or dispose of any such forged, coun-terreited, or altered Certificate or Certificates, Order or Orders( knowing the same to be forged,' counterfeited, or altered*) then and in every such Case, all and every fueh Person and Persons, being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall fufferDeath as in Cases of Felony* without Benefit of Clergy;

CAP* LVI.

An AG for the further regulating the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy.	[25th April 1807.]

* ^&X7HEREAS it is expedient to provide a further Security to €	7 » the Publick against the Possibility of Abuse, in drawing for

4 Money issued for the Service of the Navy be it therefore enacted by the King’s moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the palling of this Adi, no Treasurer of the Navy for the Time being, or any other Person or Persons authorized by him, shall draw upon the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for any Sum or Sums of Money, unless the same shall be intended for immediate Application to Navy Services ; and if any such Money so drawn for shall not be immediately so applied, it shall not be lawful for the Treasurer of the Navy, or any such Person or Persons as aforesaid, to place or deposit the same, or any Part theieof, in the Hands of any other Person or Persons whatsoever, except such Person or Persons as shall be usually, and according to the Course of the Navy Pay Office, actually employed in the Payment of such Money to the Persons legally entitled to demand and receive the same.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Treasurer of the Navy, or other Perl on or Persons offending against: this Adi, and being thereof convicted in due Course of Law, shall be for ever thereafter rendered in® capable of holding or executing the Office of Treasurer of the Navy9 or any Office under the Treasurer of the Navy, or any Place or Employment in the Office of the Treasurer of the Navy, or any otherCivri Office whatever* under His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors.

LOCAIi

A.D.1807.	47°	GEO.	III.	Seff.	a.	C.	i-iii.	223

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED,

OR PRINTED COPIES WHEREOF ARE DECLARED TO BE EVIDENCE’

N. B.—The Continuance of such of the ensuing A3s as are temporary will be known by referring to the following Lijl, according to the corresponding Betters in the Title of each A3.

(#) For 21 Tears, &c. [i. e. to the end of the then next Sefion] from a Day named in the A3.

(3 ) For 21 Tears, &C. from the pajjtng of the A3.

(c ) For 21 Tears, C5 c. after the End of theTerm under former A3s. All A3s in this Lijl, not difinguijh’d by the Letters (q. P.) are Public Acts ; to each of which is annexed a Clause in the ' Form following. u And be it further enacted, That this AA shall be deemed “ and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken cc Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without u being specially pleaded.”

(q. P.) Quasi Publick A As, i. e. A3s to each of which is annexed a Clause in the Form following. u And be it further enabled. That this Aft shall be printed tc by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof u by all Judges, Justices, and others.”

Cap. r.

AN Aft for extending the Term, and altering the Powers of an ^ c.xxiv. Act, made in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, intituled* An A3 to enable Robert Bowyer, of Pall Mall, in the City tf Westminster, Esquire, to dispose of his Colle3ion of Paintings,

Drawings, and Engravings, together with several Copies of certain Books therein mentioned, by way of Chance. [19th February 1807.]

[Time for the disposing of the Colle3ion extended to the Drawing of she First State Lottery after the passing of the A3, or the 4th of July fubfequentd]

Cap. ii.

An Act to continue and amend Two A As, pafied in the Fourth and 4 G. 3. c. 87, Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and 25 G. 3. c.119. widening several Roads leading from the Town of Bideford, in the County of Devon, (c).	[17th	March 1807.]

Cap. iii.

An Act to continue and amend Two Acts, made in the Fourth and 4 G. 3. 0.S2. Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road 25 G. 3. c. 121* from AJhborne, in the County of Derby, over Belpar Bridge, to the present Turnpike Road from Sheffield and Chef erf eld to Derby, at or near a Place called Openwood Gate, and from Belpar Bridge to Ripley, in the County of Depby. (c).	[17th.	March	1807.]

3	Cap*

224

Civ—vii.

47° GEO. III. Seff.a.

A.D.1807.

5	G. 3. c.S.

6	G. 3. c. 6.

10 G. 3. c. 29.

8G.3. c.55. 10 G. 3. c. 60.

No Sewer shall

be hereafter made or conftru<fted in the said Limits, without Notice being sent to the Commissioners of Sewers.

Cap. iv.

An Act for extending to Sums of greater Amount than Forty Shillings, the Provisions of Three Ads, pafied in the Fifth, Sixth, and Tenth Years of His present Majesty, for the Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundreds of Blackheath, Bromley and Beckenham, Rokejley otherwise Ruxley, and Little and Leffnefs, in theCounty of Kent, and of Wallingt on, in the County or Surrey, and for amending the said Ads.	[	1	7th	March 1807.]

44 Jurisdiction extended to 5I.

Cap. v.

An Ad to continue and amend Two Ads, pafied in the Eighth and Tenth Years of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Chrijlophers Bridge, in the Borough of Thetford, in the County of Suffolk, to the North-Eaft End of the Town of Newmarket, in the County of Cambridge, (b).	[17th	March 1807.]

Cap. vi.

An Act for repairing and improving the Road from the Honiton Turnpike Road, near Yard Farm, in the Parish of Upottery, in the County of Devon, to the Ilminjler Turnpike Road, near the Village of Horton, in the Parish of Ilmirffler, in the County of Somerset. (a).	[17th	March 1807.]

Cap. vii.

An Ad to enlarge the Powers and extend the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners of Sewers for the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Part of the County of . Middlesex.	[17th March 1807	]

44 Recital of Stat. 3 Jac. 1. c. 14. and 2 W. & M. c. 8. § 14.— u Jurisdiction of the Commissioners extended to all Sewers West of 44 London, as far as a certain Watercourfe which divides Chelsea from 44 Fulham, and to the Parishes of St. Giles in the Fields, St. George 44 Bloomjbury, St. Pancras, St. Mary-le~Bone, St. John Hampjlead, 44 Wilfden, Paddington, Kenftngton, and Chelsea. § I.—Commiflioners <c empowered to widen, deepen, and alter the present Sewers, and 4< to make new ones, See. § 2.

III. 4 And Whereas great Evils have arisen, and confiderable Ex-4 pence hath been and is still likely to be occasioned to the said Com-4 miilion, by the improper Construction of new Sewers, to carry off 4 the Water and Soil from Lands and Buildings into the Sewers under f the Management of the said Commissioners, and from bad and 4 improper Materials being used therein, previously to the same new 4 Sewers being taken under the Management of the said Commissioners, 4 whereby the same are liable soon to fall into Decay, and become a 4 Nuisance to the Inhabitants and other His Majesty’s Subje&s be it therefore enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That, previous to the making of any new Sewer in any Street, Lane, or publick Way, or in any Part intended to be or become a Street, Lane, or publick Way within the Limits of the said Commission, or which shall be intended to carry or drain ofF Water from any House, Building, Yard, or Ground, into any Sewer under the Management or within the Jurisdiction of the said Commission of Sewers, Notice in Writing shall be

given

C. vii—xL

225

given to the Commissioners of Sewers for the Limits aforesaid for the Time being, or to the Clerk of the said Commissioners, at their Office;

Sand that such new Sewer or Sewers shall be constructed and made in such Manner and Form, and with such Materials and Workmanship, under the Survey and Controul and according to the Direction of the said Commissioners of Sewers, their Surveyor or other Person by them duly authorized, and not otherwise ; or in Default thereof the said Commissioners, or any Six of them, may cause such Sewer to be prostrated, demolished, put down, corrested, amended, reformed, or rebuilt, as the Case may require, after their Wisdom and Discretion, and shall and may cause the Expence thereof to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so making or causing to be made such Sewer contrary to this Statute, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any Six of them, or may otherwise punish such Offender or Offenders by Fines, Amerciaments, Pains, or other like Means as are provided by any of «the Statutes of Sewers in case of Nonpayment of Taxes or Alfeflments, taxed or affefied under and by virtue of such Statutes, or any of them. u Publick Aft. § 4.

Cap. viii.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers

of an Aft passed in the Thirty-fecond Year of His present Majesty, ^zG. 3. for repairing and improving the Road from the Town of Chapel-en-le-Frith, to, or near to, Enterclough Bridge, in the County of Derby, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County, and in the County Palatine of . Chester. (b).	[23d	March	1807.]

Cap. ix.

An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, of the

Sixth and Twenty-feventh Years of His present Majesty, for 6 G. 3. repairing and widening the Road from Muckley Corner to Waif all 27 G. 3. and Wednejbury, and to Leigh Brook and Ocher Hilly and several other Roads in the County of Stafford, so far as' the same relate to the Two first Districts of Road therein comprized, (r).

[23d March 1807.]

Cap. x.

An Act for enabling the Trustees for executing an Aft, passed in the

Forty iixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for ^ q ^ taking down and rebuilding the Body of the Parish Church of Chert-fey, in the County of Surrey, and for repairing the Tower thereof and building a Vfry Room near or adjoining to tire said Churchy to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the Purposes of the said Aft.	[23d March 1807.]

Cap. xi.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the

Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtieth and Thirty-feventh 30 G. Years of His present Majesty, for making and repairing certain 37 G.; Roads in the County of Fife, and for making and keeping in Repair several other Roads in the said County. [9th April 1807.]

47 Geo. III.	Q	Cap.

c. iaS.

c* 99* c. 90,

. c, iv;

3- c* 93-3. c. 180.

226

C. xii—xx.'

A.D. 1807.

Sec former A£t. 37 G. 3. c.52.

25 G. 2. c. 34.

5G.3 <*56-

ijG. 3- e.69.

470 GEO. III. Seff.i.

Cap. xii*

An Act for further regulating and converting the Statute Labour in the County of Fife, and for more effectually making and repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, within the said County.

[9th April 1807 .3

Cap.x iii.

An Act for regulating and converting the Statute Labour, in the Counties of RoJ's and Cromarty, and that Part of the County of Nairn which is locally situated in the County of Ross ; and for more effectually making and repairing the Roads and Bridges within the same; and for making and maintaining the great Poll; Road from the Confines of Inverncfsffoire to the Confines of the Shire of Sutherland. (5).	[9th	April 1807.3

Cap. xiv.

An Ad to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers of an Ad, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His late Majesty, for the more easy andfpeedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town of Birmingham and Hamlet of Deritend thereto adjoining, in the County of Warwick.	[9th	April 1807.]

€< Jurisdiction extended to 5I.

Cap. xv.

An Act for enlarging the Church-yard belonging to the Parish of Saint Martin, in the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and for providing an additional Cemetery or Burial Ground for the Dfe of the said Pari/Ji.	[9th	April 1807.3

Cap. xvi.

An Act for continuing the Term, arid altering* and enlarging the Powers, of Two Ads. palled in the Fifth and Fifteenth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Porthdethwy Ferry to Holyhead, in the County of Anglesey. (b.)

[9th April 1807.]

Cap. xvil.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Elfdon, in the County of Northumberland, (q. P.)	[9th	April 1807.J

Cap. xviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Corfenfide, within the Manor of Ridfdale, in the County of Northumberland. (q. P.)

[9th April 1807.]

Cap. xix.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Irjlead, in the County of Norfolk, (q P.J	[9th	April 1807.]

Cap. XX.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Liberty or Town ship of Basford\ in the Parish of Chcddleton, in the County of Stafford. (q.P.)

[23d March 1807.]

Cap.

A.D.1807.

470 GEO. III. SefT.i.	xxi—xxvii.	•227

Cap. xxi.

An A 61 for veiling in new Trullees certain Trull Estates comprized in the Settlement made on the Marriage of the Right Honourable George Venables Lord Vernon, with Loulfa Barbara Lady Vernon his late Wife. (q. P.)	[25th	March 1807.]

Cap. xxii.

An Act for amending, altering, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Town and Port of Sandwich, in the County of Kent, to the refpetlive Towns of Margate and Ramsgate, in the Me of Thanet, in the said County ; and for reducing, for a limited Time, the Tolls and Duties now payable at Sandwich Bridge, by virtue of an Act, palled in the Twenty-eighth Year of His late 23G.2. c. 55. Majesty. (a)	[25th	April 1807.]

Cap. xxiii.

An Act for repealing Two A6ls made in the Eighth and Eleventh 8 G. 3. c. ;q. Years of His present Majesty, for repairing several Reads leading ™ ^al^d **** through the County of Selkirk, and for the better making and ^ea e repairing the said Roads, and other Roads in the said County, (b.)

[25 th April 1807.]

Cap. xxiv.

An Act for repealing Two A6ls, made in the Fourth and Twenty-fifth 4.G. 3. c. 85. Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road 25 G- 3- c. 120. from Scots Dyke, in the County of Dumfries, by or through the RePeaicti-Villages of Langholm and Hawick, to Haremoss, in the County of Roxburgh, and for the better making, repairing, and keeping in Repair the said Road. (a).	[25th	April 1807.]

Cap. xxv.

An Acl for making and maintaining a Road from Foxley Hatch, in the Parish of Croydon, into the Town of Rsigate, in the County of Surrey. (b).	[25th April 1807.]

** Compensation made to Trustees of Sutton Roads under 28 G. 2.

4C c. 28. 10 G. 3. c. 84, and 39 iff 40 G. 3. c. cxii. § 66.

Cap. xxvi.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the

Powers, of Two A6ts,' palled in the Fifth and Twenty-iixth Years 5 G. 3. c, iot* of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Little 3* c* ll1* Bridge over the End of the Drain next Wijbeach River, lying between Ropet''s Fields and the Bell Inn in Wijbeach, and the Ifie of Ely, to the Sign of the Bear in WaVoken, in the County of Norfolk, and several other Roads in the said A6ts mentioned. (c).

[25th April 1807.]

Cap. xxvii.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the

Powers, of Two A6ts, palled in the Fifth and Twenty-fixth Years 5 G. 3. e. 93. of His present Majesty, for repairing federal Roads leading from G. 3. 0.136* the Town of Minehead, and from Dunjler and Watchet, in the County of Somerset, and for impi'oving certain other Roads therein described, in the said County. (a).	[23th April 1807.]

Q 2	Cap.

i28

C. xxviii.

47° GEO. III. Seff.i.

A.D.i8o7*

Grant of King Ldward 6, 2btn June 1552.

Agreement 15th June 1782 between the City and the Hospitals.

S2 G. 3. c, 77*

Chapel from Time immemorial.

Cab. xxviii.

An Act for granting to the Chapel lately rebuilt in the Royal Hospital of Bridewell, all the Rights and-Privileges belonging to the former Chapel of the said Hospital, lately taken down.

[25th April 1807.]

f XXTHEREAS by certain Letters Patent bearing Date at WeJI-‘	^	minster,	the	Twenty-fixth	Day	of	June, in the Seventh Year

*	of the Reign of King Edward the Sixth, and in the Year of oitr f Lord One thousand live hundred and fifty-two, the said King did

*	give and grant unto the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of c the City of London, and their Succelfors, (among other Things) all

*	that his Manor, Chief Messuage, Tenement, and Mansion House,

€ called bridewell otherwise Bridewell Place) with all and singular c its Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, situate, lying, and being c in the Parish of Saint Bride, Fleet Street) in London, upon the special 4 charitable Trulls in the said Letters Patent mentioned and fet forth :

4 And Whereas by virtue of the Laws, Ordinances, and P egulations,

4 made and now in force, concerning the said Hospital of Bridewell, c and of certain Articles of Agreement bearing Date the Fifteenth 4 Day of June One thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and 4 made or exprelfed to be made between the Mayor and Commonalty 4 and Citizens of the City of London, Governors of the Polfefiions,

4 Revenues and Goods of (with other Hospitals therein mentioned)

4 the said Hospital called Bridewell) and the President, Treasurer, and

*	afting Governors of the same Hospital ; and of an Aft made in the 4 Twenty-fecond Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

4 An Act to render valid and effectual certain Articles of Agreement ( between the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London,

4 Governors of the Poffeffvns, Revenues) and Goods of the Hospitals 4 of Edward King of England ihe Sixth, of Christ, Bridewell, and Saint 4 Thomas the Apojlle, and of the Hospitals of Henry the Eighth, King of

*	England, called The House of the Poor) in West Smithfield, near 4 London, and of the House and Hospital called Bethlehem, and the 4 PrefidentS) Treasurers, and acting Governors of the said several Hof 4 pit ah, the actual Government, Ordering, Management, and Difpo-4 iition of the said Hospital of Bridewell, and of theEstates,Poftefiions,

4 Revenues, Business, and Concerns thereof, were committed and 4 confirmed to, and are now veiled in and executed by certain Persons 4 styled 4£ The President, Treasurer, and Governors of the United 4f Hospitals of Bridewell and Bethlehem f con filling of the Mayor and 4 Aldermen of the said City for the Time being, and of Twelve of, 4 the Common Councilmen of the said City for the Time being,

4 appointed such Governors by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons 4 of the City of London in Common Council alsembled, and of several 4 other Persons elected such Governors at General Courts or Com-4 mittees holden for the said Hospitals of Bridewell and Bethlehem, 4 according to the Rules and Orders in that Behalf: And Whereas 4 there hath been within the said Hospital of Bridewell, from Time 4 immemorial, a Chapel for the Spiritual Use and Edification of the 4 several Pe.fons inhabiting within the said Hospital of Bridewell 4 and the Precinct thereof, called Bridewell Precinst, in which Chapel c the Service of the Church of England, as by Law eftablilhed, hath 4 been regularly performed, the Sacraments of such Church duly

4 admijoift^red*

A.D.i8c>7«

470 GEO. III. Seff.i.

C. xxviii.

$29

4 administered, and Marriages solemnized by a Minister of the said 4 Church : And Whereas the said Chapel, on account of its decayed Former Chapel 4 State, hath been lately taken down, and another Chapel built within 4 the Distance of a few Yards from the Scite of the former Chapel :

4 And Whereas in consequence of the present Chapel having been so 4 eredfed upon a Scite of Ground in some Degree different from that 4 occupied by the former Chapel, Doubts have arisen whether Mar 4 riages, solemnized therein, would be valid and legal for the Removal of which Doubts, be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affembied, and by the Authority of the same, That when and as soon as the said Chapel, so lately built in the said Hoipital of Bridewell, shall be duly consecrated, according to the Ul'age of the United Church of England and Ireland, it shall and may be lawful, to and for the officiating Miniiler for the Time being in the said Chapel, the Form of to publish Banns of Matrimony therein, and to solemnize Marriages	an^

therein, according to the Form of Solemnization of Matrimony con- v lovno.iso tained in the Book of Common Prayer of the Church of England and Ireland, and not otherwise; and in pursuance of the Provisions and Dire&ions of an A6f, made in the Twenty-lixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled. An Act for the better preventing of clandejline Marriages, and all Marriages so solemnized in the said Chapel, shall be as good, valid, and effectual in the Law, as if such Marriages had been folemnued in the antient Chapel, so taken down as aforesaid, and a Register of every such Marriage, ora Copy thereof, shall be received in all Courts of Law and Equity, as Evidence of such Marriage in such and the like Manner, as the Register of any Marriage, solemnized in any Parish Church is received in Evidence.

II. And be it further enabled, That the said Chapel so lately Chapel shall be

puller down a ir] pteienc rebuilt on a Scite a few Yards dist.int from the former. y Doubts as to Validity of Marriages.

A.frer present Cnapel shall he >; .-nfeented. Marriages shall b solemnized tueiein, according to

26 G. 3. c. 33.

Rights, See. of the former Chapel.

rebuilt, shall have and be entitled to all and singular the Rights, entuhd t > all th Privileges, and Immunities, polfefTed by the ancient Chapel, so taken down of the said Hospital of Iriee welly and the Precinct thereof, in as full, ample and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes; and such new Chapel shall be maintained, repaired, a d supported in such and the like Manner as the fa 4 ancient Chapel, lately taken down, was maintained, repaired, and supported.

I [I. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Chaplain shall be and for the President, Treasurer, and Governors for the Time being annually elected of the United Hospitals of bridewell arid Eethleheniy annually to eleCl before^olte<* an officiating Chaplain for the said Chapel, and to provide for the Support of such Chaplain at their own Difcr-tion out of the Funds and Revenues of the said Hospital of Bridewell, in such and the like Maimer as the said President, Treasurer, and Governors were enabled to elect an officiating Chaplain of the said ancient Chapel so taken down, and to provide for the Support of such Chaplain : And the said Preident, Treasurer, and Governors for the Time being, shall have, hold, exercise, and enjoy such and the like Rights, Powers,

Privileges, and Immunities, and shall be subject and liable to the like Rules, Regulations, and Rellriftions with respect to such Chapel so lately built, as the said President, Treasurer, and Governors had held, exercised, and enjoyed, and were fubje£t ana liable to3 with refpe£t to such ancient Chapel so taken down.

Q 3	Cap.

Governors shall fiefs the same . R ights with >elp=:<ff to the present, as to th© ancient Chapel.

230

C xxix.

47° GEO. Ill Seff.i.

A.D.1807.

i rg. 3. c. 27

15 G. 3. c.46.

3 7 G. 3. c. 48.

No Pc. son shall fish between loU.Odlobcr and loth January, vor between Pen on Satui day N;ght and Two t'M Monday Morning, nor in the Mv-urfi of i*h- Rive Per..dry 30b to iq].

Cap. xxix.

An Act to amend and render more effectual Three Acts, made in the Eleventh, Fifteenth, and Thirty-feventh Years of His present Majesty, for the Regulation and Improvement of the Fisheries of the River Tweed.	[25th April	1807.]

HERE AS by an Aft made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of ITis present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regu-c kiting and improving the Fisheries in the River Tweed, and the Rivers c and Streams running into the same, and also within the Mouth or c Entrance of the said River, certain Provifons and Regulations were c established for the Preservation,and Improvement of the said Fifh-‘ evies : And Whereas another Aft was made in the Fifteenth Year e of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Atlfor amending *■ and rendering more effectual an AB pnjfed in the Eleventh Tear of His

*	prefent Mayfly's Reigny intituled, £ An AB for regulating and improving “ the Fisheries in the River Tweed, and the Rivers and Streams running <c into the same, and also within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River :

£ And Whereas another Aft was made in the Thirty-feventh Year ‘ of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An AB for altering,

( amendingi and rendering more effeBual Two ABs made in the Eleventh

*	and Fifteenth Tears of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the ( Regulation and Improvement of the Fisheries in the River Tweed,

*	and the Rivers and Streams running into the famey and also within

6 the Mouth or Entrance of the said River:	And	Whereas	it has

f been found by Experience that the Penalties for killing Fish within i the Periods prohibited by the said Acts of the Eleventh and Fif-€ teenth Years of His present Majesty, have, from the increased Price ‘ of Fish, become totally inadequate to the Purpose intended; and 6 it is therefore expedient that the Amount of the Penalties should be c encreased : And Whereas it is expedient more effectually to deteft ‘ and prevent all unlawful Modes of ftfhing and taking Fish in the said

<	Rivers and Streams, to appoint Water Bailiffs, and to grant a Rate r or Assessment upon the Rent of the said Fisheries for their Payment,

*	and to make further Regulations for the Protection and Improve^

<	ment of the said Fisheries :* Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia^ merit assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the passing of this Aft, it fball not be lawful for any Person or Persons to fish for any Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, Bull Trout, or Whitling, or any Fish denominated Red Fish in any antient Grants of Fishing, in the said River Tweed, or in any River, Rivulet, Brook, or Stream, or in any Mill Pool, Mill Lead, Sluice, or Cut, which communicates with the said River Tweed, or within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweed, at any Time or Times between the Tenth Day of 0Bobery in any Year, and the Tenth Day of January^ in the Year following, or between Ten of the Clock on Saturday

Eight and Two of the Clock on Monday Morning, nor shall it be lawful, at any Time or Times after the passing of this Aft, for any JErfcn or Persons, excepting as herein-after excepted, to fish for any Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, Bull Trout, Whitling, or. Red Fish, within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweed; and in case any Person or Persons shall fish contrary to the Prohibitions aforesaid, every such Person or Perlons io offending, shall, for every fuel*

Offence*

A.D. 1807*

47° GEO, IIL Seff.r.

C. xxix*

a31

Offence, forfeit arid pay any Sum not exceeding Thirty Pounds, nor less than Ten Pounds, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Sheriff Depute, before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, and the Sum of Ten Shillings for every Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, Bull Trout, Whitling, or Red Fish taken, together with the Fish so taken, and the Boats, Tackle, Nets,

Engines, and other Devices made use of in fishing for any such Fish ; and the said Justice or Justices, or Sheriff Depute, shall order and direct such Boats, Tackle, Nets, Engines, and, other Devices la be cut in Pieces, burnt, or other wise destroyed.

II. And be it enabled, That no Perfori or Persons shall buy or fell, NoPeifon shall or have in his or their Custody or Poffeffian any Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon ieI1 or know.ngly Trout, Bull Trout, or Whitling, knowing the same to have been jilted killed or taken in the said River Tweedy or in any River, Rivulet, Time.

Penalty iol. to 5U

To prevent the Dettru^lion of

Brook, or Stream, or in any Mill Pool, Mill Lead, Sluice, or Cut, which communicates with the said River Tweed, within the Periods, of the Annual or Weekly Close Times before mentioned, or within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River ; and every Person offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds, for every such Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, Bull Trout, or Whitling as aforesaid.

III.	And be it enacted. That from and after the pairing of this

Act, no Person or Persons shall place, lay, fet, continue, or draw, any Net, Creel, Hamper, Engine, or other Device whatsoever, in	a

the said River Tweed, or in any River, Rivulet, Brook or Stream, p-ntIiry or in any Mill Pool, Mill Lead, Sluice or Cut, which communicates 30!. to 10U with the said River Tweed, or within the Mouth or Entrance thereof,

in order to kill or take any Spawn, Fry, or young Brood, of any

such Fish as aforesaid, nor purchale or have in his, her, or their	t

Pofsession, any such Spawn, Fry, or young Broad, between the

First Day of April, and the First Day of June in any Year ; and

in case any Person or Persons shall act contrary thereto, every such

Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Thirty

Pounds, and not less than Ten Pounds, for every Parcel of Spawn,

Fry, or young Brood of Fish, caught by him, her, or them, or which, though not caught by him, her, or them, shall be found in his, her, or their PofTeffion, between the said First Day of April and the said First Day of June*

IV.	And be it further enaefted. That from and after the passing of To prevent this Act, no Person or Persons shall beat the Water, or place or fet beating rh<» any white Gbje6I, or any other Thing whatsoever, in, over, or Water, and across the said River Tweed, or in, over, or across any River, of Rivulet, Brook or Stream, Mill Pool, Mill Lead, Sluice or Cut, the Run Fish, which communicates with the said River Tweed, or in the Mouth or Penalty Entrance of the said River Tweedy so as to prevent the said Fish 3°l- t0 1A from entering the said River Tweedy or from going up and down the

said River, or any River, Rivulet, Brook, Stream, Mill Pool, Mill Lead, Sluice or Cut aforesaid, nor shall by any other Ways, or in any other Manner, prevent the said Fish from entering the said River, and going up and down the said Rivers and Waters before described ; and every Person offending contrary thereto, shall, for every Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Thirty Pounds, nor less than Ten. Pounds.

Q4

V. An<J

C.xxix.	47*	GEO.	III.	Seff.i.	A.D.	1807*

V. And be it enacted, That from and after the palling of this A ft, if any Person or Persons within Five Miles of the said River Tweed, or of any River, Rivulet, Brook or Stream, Mill Pool, Mill Lead, Sluice, or Cut, communicating' with the said River Tweedy shall have in his, her, or their Cullody or Pofieffion, any Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, Bull Trout, or Whitling, at any Time or Times, between the said Tenth Day of October., and Tenth Day of January, the Proof that such Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, Bull Trout, or Whitling, was not taken or killed in the said River. Tweed, or in any River, Rivulet, Brook ., or Stream, or in any Mill Pool, Mill Lead, Sluice or Cut, which communicates with the said. River Tweed, between the said Tenth Day of October, and Tenth Day of January, shall lie upon the Person or Persons in whose Cuf-tody or Pofieffion the same lh all be found.

Warrants to be VI. And be )t enadied, That it shall be lawful for any such Justice fe uxh U!e	°r Ju^ces5 or Sheriff Depute as aforesaid, at any Time or Times after

Cans &c	the Passing this	upon	Information	in	Writing upon Oath

of Carriers, &c. to or them made, and he or they is and are hereby required to authorize and directs, by Warrant under his and their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, in England, or his or their Hand or Hands in Scotland, any Eligh or Petty Constable, or other Peace Officer, or Water Bailiff or Water Bailiffs, to be appointed under the Authority of this Act, and any Number of Persons, not exceeding Five, to be i’evevally named and described in such Warrant, to search the Carts, or other Vehicles of Carriers and Higlers, for all Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, Bull Trout, and Whitling, or Spawn, Fry, or young Brood of Fish, caught contrary to the Provilions of this or any of the above recited Acts, and the same, on Difcoyery, to seize and carry away.

For the	VII	• And for the further Prevention of illegal Pradfices com-

Prcv.nion of < mitted by idle and disorderly Persons, in and upon the aforesaid illegal Practices, < Filheries, and of the §ale of the Fish taken and caught by Means 01	‘ thereof,’ be it enadied, That from and after the pafling of this Adi,

upon Complaint, and Information in Writing, upon Oath, made to any One or more Justice or Justices, or Sheriff Depute as aforesaid, that the Informant hath probable Cause to suspect and believe, and doth suspect and believe, that any Person or Persons within the Jurif-didtion cf the said Justice or Justices, or Sheriff, before whom the Information is laid, not being Owners or Occupiers of any Fishery or Fisheries. or otherwise entitled to fish in the said River Tweed, or 1	within the Mouth pr Entrance thereof, or on the Shore beyond the.

Mouth or Entrance of the same, or in the Rivers pr Streams running into the same,) hath or have in his or their Pofieffion or Custody any Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, Bull Trout, or Whitling,'which have been illegally taken or caught contrary to the Provilions of this or any former Adi, it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Justice or Justices, and Sheriff Depute as aforesaid, and he and they is and are hereby required to authorize and dire£f, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal,' or Hands and Seals in England, or his or their Hand or Elands in Scotland, any High or Petty Constable, or other Peace Officer, or Water Bailiff or Water Bailiffs, to be appointed under the Authority of this Adi, to ex~ amine and ’ search the Packages, Baskets, or Hampers of any such Person or Persons, at any Place or Places where they may be found,

, '	’	9*

232

Ferfons having Fish in tbeh P..{T iTi n in C<ole Time, to piove, if required, tt at they u ere not caught in the Tweed,

C.Xxixo

233

A.D. 1807.	470 GEO. III. Seif. 1.

or at the Market where the same are exposed or offered for Sale ; and if upon such Search any Salmon, Qilfe, Salmon Trout, Ball Trout, or Whirling, shall be found, it shall and may be lawful to and for such High or Petty Con (table, or Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid, to seize the same, and the Packages, Baskets, or Hampers in which they shall be found, and to put and place the same in some secure Place or Places for the safe Custody thereof; and to bring the Body or Bodies of . the Person or Persons in whose Custody the same shall be found before the said Justice or Justices, or Sheriff Depute respectively, to arffwer and account for the same : and the Proof that the Fish (fo found upon Search as aforesaid) were taken by any Person or Persons legally entitled to fish for the same shall lie upon the said Person or Persons in whose Custody or Poiieffion the same shall be found, and if he, {he, or they shall fail to make good the same, to the Satisfaction of the said Justice or Justices, or Sheriff Depute, before whom he, she, or they shall be brought, such Person or Persons shall, on Conviction, several ly forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor lets than Ten Pounds, at the D'ifcretion of the said Justice or Justices, or Sheriff Depute, before whom the Conviction shall be had, and aiio the Fish so taken, and the Package^, Baflcets or Hampers, that contain the same.

VIII. And be it enacted, That all and every Occupier and Occu- B *ats, Nets, &c, piers of any Fishery or Fisheries in the said River Tweedy or in the ^ |i^r^mov'crl Rivers and Streams running into the same, and of Fisheries, being cu.fe Timely Property, in the Mouth or Entrance of the said River, I hall, and they tiie Occupier? and each and every of them is and are hereby required to remove ot Fthcries. and carry away from their several Fifhings, Fishing Shields, Boat Stands, Net Greens, Landing Places, and the Lands and Grounds adjoining thereto, all Boats, Oars, Nets, Engines, and other Tackle, used and employed by them in the taking and killing such Fish as aforesaid, on or before the Thirteenth Day of October in every Year, to be named by the Commissioners or Overseers hereby appointed, to some Place or Places where the same can be securely lodged and kept so as to prevent their being used in fifhirig, and there to remain until the Seventh L ay of January, in the following Year ; and in case any such Occupier or Occupiers shall retufe or neglect to remove all and every such Boats, Oars, Nets, Engines, and other Tackle as aforesaid, and the same, so removed, to keep secured from the said Fisheries and Premises at the Time aforesaid, every such Person or Persons so refilling or neglecting, on being conviCted thereof before any one or more such Justice or Justices, or Sheriff Depute as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Thirty Pounds, nor less than Ten Pounds.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Ff not removed such Justice or Justices, or Sheriff Depute as aforesaid, upon Appli- by them, t -be cation to him or them made in Writing, under the Hands of any Two or more of the Proprietors or Occupiers of Fisheries in the 'Ju	^

said River Tweed, and he and they is and are hereby directed and re-. quired to authorize and direct, by Warrant under his and their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals in England, and under his and their Eland or Hands in Scotland, any High or Petty Constable, or other Peace Officer, or Water Bailiff or Water BaiLffs to be appointed under the Authority of this A<ff, and any Number of iWfons not

exceeding

2 34

C. xxix.

Mitigation «f

Penalties

retrained.

For Regulation &c.

47° GEO. III. SefT.i.	A,D. 1807.

exceeding Five , to be fevernlly named and described in the Warrant, to search between the Thirteenth Day of Oflober, and the Seventh Day of January, in every Year all and every the Fishery and Fisheries, Fishing Shields, Boat Stands, Net Greens, Landing Places, and the Lands and Grounds adjoining thereto, and all such Boats, Oars, Nets, Engines, and other Tackle, as they shall find upon fucli Search, to remove and carry away to some Place or Places, where the same can be securely lodged and kept, till the Seventh Day of January, in the following Year, at the Expence of the said Owner or Owners ; and if the Owner or Owners thereof shall be known or found, to bring him, her, or them, or the Person or Persons in whose Custody the same shall be found, before the said Justice or Just ices, or Sheriff Depute respectively, to answer and account for the same ; and every such Owner or Owners, Person or Persons, respectively, upon due Proof thereof, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Thirty Pounds, nor less than Ten Founds, over and above the Expences of such Proceeding ; and if the Owner or Owners thereof, or Person or Persons who placed, occupied, or used the same, cannot be found, then the faidConstable, peace Officer, Water Bailiff or Water Bailiffs, and Persons authorized as aforesaid, shall cause public Notice to be given on the Church or Chapel Door of the P'arifh, Township, or Place where the same shall be found, and if the same shall not be owned within Eh ht Days thereafter, the same shall be carried before the said Justice or Justices, or Sheriff Depute, who directed the Search for the same ; and the said Justice or Justices, or Sheriff Depute, respectively, shall proceed to condemn the same, on Proof that no Person or Persona had laid Claim thereto, and may and shall order all such Boats, Oars, Engines, and other Tackle to be burnt, cut in Pieces, or otherwise destroyed ; and if in pursuance of such Sea; ch, such High or Petty Constable, or other Peace Officer, and such Persons so appointed as aforesaid, shall find the Door of any Fiffiery, Shield or Out-houfe locked up, and upon Request the Occupier shall refuse to open the same, it shall be lawful for the said Peace Officer, and other Persons aforesaid, to break open the said Door and search for all such Boats, Oars, Nets, Engines, and other Tackle as aforesaid, and if found, to dispose of the same in Manner herein-before directed.

X.	And be it enabled. That it shall not be lawful to, nor in the Power of the said Justice or Justices, or Sheriff Depute, before whom any Conviction, with regard to the Weekly Close Time, shall be made, to mitigate the Penalties herein contained, in relation thereto, to a less Sum than the highest Rate, unless the Offence shall have been committed within Half an Hour after Ten of the Clock on Saturday Night, or after One of the Clock on Monday Morning, in which Case the Penalty may be mitigated as herein-before directed.

XI.	And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of thiS( Adi, all Mill Dams, Dikes, Wears, and other permanent Obstructions to the Run of the Fiffi in the said River Tweed, or any River or Rivulet, Brook or Stream, running into the same, shall be so altered

and constructed as to permit and allow of the free Run of the Fish over them in the ordinary and mean State of such Rivers or Rivulets, Brooks or Streams, and in case the Proprietors or Occupiers of such Mill Dams, Dikes, Wears, and Obstructions, shall neglect so to alter and conftrudt them, it shall and may be lawful to the Commif-

fionere*

Hosted by

A.D, 1807.	470	GEO.	III.	Self. 1.	C*	xxix#	235

fioners, or Overseers, herein-after mentioned, or any Three or more of them, to fend a Requisition in Writing to the Proprietors and Occupiers of the same, so to alter them within Fourteenfpavs after such Requisition shall be made, and in Default thereof, it mall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners and Overseers, or any Three or more of them, to order and direct such Alteration to be made at ; _ the Expence of the Proprietors of the same, such Expence tpijbe levied and recovered in the same Manner as is herein-after diredfed*

\vith respect to the levying and recovering of Penalties and%fr?r-feitures.	I ■ '*

XII.	And be it enabled. That if in the U.fe of Pout Nets used taken in for the taking of Trout, the Person or Persons using the same shall

take any Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout, Bull Trout, or Whitiing, he, prop, ictor or she, or they shall restore the same to the Proprietor or Occupier of the Occupier of the Fishery, upon Pain of forfeiting a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, Fishing, nor less than Five Pounds, for every Salmon, Gilfe, Salmon Trout,

Bull Trout, or Whitiing, detained or appropriated by him, her, or them.

XIII.	And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Per- No Nets, son or Persons not authorized by Licence or Leave in Writing, under Leifters, &c. the Hand of any Owner or Owners, or Occupier or Occupiers, of^ tobe used, any Fiihery in the said River Tweed, or in any River, Rivulet, Brook wltbuutL,Cc,5cc-or Stream, running into the same, to fish with or use any Net or

any Leifter, Salmon Spear, or similar Engine, and the Person or Persons convicted of offending herein shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds, and the Juffice or Justices, or Sheriff Depute, before whom such Person or Persons shall be convicted, shall order and direct such Nets, Leifters, or Salmon Spears, to be burnt, cut to Pieces, or otherwise destroyed.

XIV.	And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person No Persons not or Persons within Five Miles of the said River 2 'weedy or of any River authorized to Rivulet, Brook or Stream, Mill Pool, Mill Lead, Sluice, or Cut, com- p^^^the municating with the said River Tweed, not duly authorized by ^cts or Engine* Licence or Leave in Writing, under the Hand of any Owner or a fore fa id, under Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of any Fishery in the said River a Penalty. Tweed, or in any River, Rivulet, Brook or Stream, running into the same, to have in his, her, or their Poffefiion, except for the Pur« pose of manufacturing or felling the same, or repairing the same, forv some Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of Fisheries in the said River Tweed, or some River, Rivulet, Brook orStrcam, running into the same, any of the Nets or Engines herein-before mentioned ; and the Person or Persons convicted of offending herein, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Ten Pounds : And the said Juffice or Justices, or Sheriff Depute, before whom such Person or Persons shall be convicted, shall order and direct such Nets pr Engines to be burnt* cut in Pieces, or otherwile destroyed.

XV.	And be it enacted. That it shall be lawful for any such Juffice Search Warrant* or Justices, or Sheriff Depute as aforesaid, upon Information in t > be granted Writing, upon Oath to him or them made, and he and they is and are I°r theie. hereby required to authorize and direct, by Warrant, under his and

their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals in England, or his or their Hand or Hand? in Scotland, any High or Petty Constable or other

Peace

236

C.xxir.

A.D. i8o7'

470 GEO. III. Sefl’. 1.

The Names of

Proprietors to be painted on Boats.

Saving of Rights to Man< rs, Seigniories, and Royahifj>,wii hin ft e Mouth or Entrance uf (tie River Tweed.

Peace Officer, or Water Bailiff or Water Bailiffs, to be appointed under the Authority of this Adi, or other Person or Persons not exceeding Five, to be specially named and described in the Warrant, to search in the Day Time the Houses of Persons not duly authorized to use or have in their Possession any of the Nets or Engines herein-before mentioned, and the same on Discovery to seize and carry away.

XVI.	And be it enacted, That all and every Boat or Boats hereafter To be used in the Fiiheries aforesaid, shall have, upon some con-fpicuous Place thereof the Name of the Proprietor or Proprietors painted thereon, in Letters of Two Inches in Length, upon Failure wherein the Proprietor of every such Boat shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That nothing herein contained shall in any wise prejudice or affect the Right of the Owners or Proprietors, Tenants or Occupiers of Fiiheries, or the Right of any other Person or Persons who now are, or at any Time or Timfs hereafter {ball or may be seised, possessed of, or entitled to, any Manors, Seigniories, or Royalties, within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweed, or upon the Shores beyond the Limits of the Mouth or Entrance of the same, but that all and every such Owners and Proprietors, Tenants or Occupiers and other Person or Perlons last mentioned shall have and enjoy all such Right of filhing, within the said Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweed, or upon the Shores beyond the Limits of the same, as they have hitherto lawfully exercifetl and enjoyed, or could or might have lawfully enjoyed, in case this Adi had not been made, so as such Right be used and exercised at such Times and Seasons only, under such Regulations, and subject to such Penalties and Forfeitures as are herein-before directed concerning the Fiiheries in the said River Tweed, and within the Mouth or Entrance thereof, and the Shores beyond the same ; any Thing in this Adi contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

“ Commissioners and Overseers of the Fithings appointed and em-<f powered to levy Rates to pay Expences of the Execution of this “ Adi. § 18—31.

Former A£ls Continued, except as altered.

Persons

aggrieved By the A (ft of any Jultice, mav appeal to the Quarter Scffions.

XXXI.	And be it enacted. That all the Clauses, Powers, and Authorities, Exceptions, Limitations, Forms of Convidlionand Certificate thereof (mutatis mutandis) Matters and Things in the said Three recited Adis, or in any of them contained, and not altered by this Adi, shall be deemed and taken to extend, and shall extend to this Adi, as fully and effectually as if the same were here again repeated and re-enadled.

XXXII.	A nd be it enacted, That all and every Person and Perlons who shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Judgment of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, given in virtue of any of the Powers granted by this Adi, or by any of the said recited Adis, may appeal to the Justices of the Peace for ,the County, Shire, Liberty, or Place, where such Judgment shall be given,, at their then next Ge-' neral Quarter Sefficns, but no such Appeal shall be received, heard, or determined, unless the Appellant or Appellants shall first give, or cause to be given, Fourteen Days Notice in Writing, to the Justice or Justices from whole Judgment, Sentence, or Determination, he, {he, or they shall appeal, of his, her, or their Intention to bring such

Appeal,

CXXIX.

237

A.D.1807.	470	GEO.	III.	Self.	1.

Appeal, andfhall also enter into a Recognizance with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order of such Justice or Justices; and the said Justices at their said Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice having been given, and of such Recognizance having been entered into as aforesaid, shall hear and determine every such Appeal in a summary Way, and shall award and order to the Party, for whom and in whose Behalf such Appeal shall be determined, such Costs and Charges as they in their Discretion shall think reasonable and just, to be paid by the Party or Parties against whom such Appeal shall be determined, and in case such Costs and Charges shall not be paid within the Space of Six Days, the same shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons ordered to pay the same ; and if the Person or Persons ordered to pay such Coifs shall happen to remove, or go into any County, Shire, Liberty, or Place, out of the Jurisdiction of the said Court where such Appeal shall be brought or heard, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace of or for the County, Shire, Liberty, or Place, wherein such Person shall inhabit or be found, and every such Justice of the Peace is hereby required, upon Request to him for that Purpose to be made, and a true Copy of the Order for the Payment of such Costs and Charges produced, and proved by some credible Witness upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer), by Warrant in due Form of Law, to cause tne Money mentioned in such Order to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Pe son that shall be ordered and ought to pay the same ; and the Determination of the said Justices at such Quarter Seilion shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and no Proceeding to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this A6I, or any Order made, or other Matter or Thing to be done or transacted in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quashed for want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever: And that all and every And thofe-Perfon anc aggrieved of any of

recited Adis, may appeal to the Lords	of Justiciary in	the next Cir-	appeal	to the

cuit Court of the Circuit wherein fuch	County or Shire shall lie, in	Lords	of

the Way, Manner, and Form, and under and upon the Limitations clrcuim ^

and Conditioqsprefcribed by and contained in an Adt	of Parliament	ircul

paffed in the ^Twentieth Year of the	Reign of His	late Majesty,

for taking away and abolifiling the Heritable Jurisdictions in that

Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for other Purposes therein

mentioned.

1 Persons who shall think himielf, herself, or themselves, 4gg,,eved bT by any Judgment of any Sheriff Depute, given in virtue the Powers granted by this Act, or by any of the said nJlr.. mm- ’

XXXIII. And be it enabled, That the Penalties or Forfeitures for Recovery and Offences against this Adi, the Mode of Recovery whereof is not by A?p- *'aiion of this Adi other wise particularly provided, may be levied and recovered ^enalrics and by Distress and Sab of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, before any olftlturcs* one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, within that Part of Great Britain called England, the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or the Bounds and Liberties thereof, or before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Sheriff Depute, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the County, Shire, Liberty, or Place, where the Offender or Offenders shall be or reside, either by the 9	Confeffioti

3JS	C.xxixf	*47°GEO* III. Seffl l.	A.D.1807*

v Confefiion of the Party or Parties, or upon the Oath or Oaths of One or more Witness or Witnesses, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices in that Part of Great Britain called England, the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or the Bounds and Liberties thereof, or by Warrant or Warrants in due Form of Law of such Jullice or Justices, and Sheriff Depute, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, (all which Warrants such Justice, Justices, and Sheriff Depute, are hereby authorized and required to grant, and to administer such Oath or Oaths,) and the Penalties and Forfeitures which shall be so levied and paid shall from Time to Time be applied, One Moiety to the Informer . or Informers, and the other Moiety to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Township, or Place, where the Offender or Offenders shall be or reside, for the Use of the Poor of the said Parish, Town-Jf the Proportion ship, or Place; and in case the Proportion of the Penalties directed of Penalties, to be paid or applied to such Overseers shall not be claimed in Six <hreaed to be	Months from the Date of the Conviction	or Convictions, the Whole

ben Jtd e ma nd^d	aPP^ec^ to the Informer or Informers; and the Justice or

in Six Months, Justices, or Sheriff Depute, by or before whom any ConviCtion shall the Whale to	be made, shall direct his or their Clerk or	Clerks within Twenty-one

the Informer*	Days after the Date of the Conviction,	to intimate the same to the

Overseers of the Poor of such Parish, Township, or Place, as may be entitled to a Proportion of the Penalties as aforesaid, and the Overplus remaining (if any) after such Penalties and Forfeitures, and the Costs and Charges attending the levying and recovering thereof are deducted shall, on Demand, be returned to the Owner or Owners of the Goods and Chattels so distrained ; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid in Fourteen Days after such Distress, that then it shall be lawful for such Justice, Justices, and Sheriff Depute, and he and they is and are hereby respectively authorized and empowered to commit every such Offender or Offenders to the common Gaol or House of Correction for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months or less than Three Calendar Months, as the said Justice or Justices and Sheriff Depute upon Consideration of the Circumstances shall think fit.

Limitations of XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no ACtion at Law shall Actions agamft be brought or commenced agninft any Person or Persons for any Thing execuHng this done or to he done by virtue of this Act within that Part of Great in England. Britain called England, the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, or the Bounds and Liberties thereof, until after Fourteen Days Notice thereof in Writing shall be given to the Person or Persons agamft whom such ACtion shall be intended to be so brought, or left at his or their last or usual Places of Abode, setting forth the Cause of such AClion ; and that every ACtion brought for any Thing done or to be done as aforesaid shall be brought within the Space of Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall arise, and be laid and tried in the County or Place where the FaCl was committed, and not elsewhere ; and the Defendant or Defendants therein may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done by virtue hereof; and if on the Trial of such AClion it shall appear that the lame was brought before the Expiration of Fourteen Days next after such Notice shall have been so given or left as aforesaid, or after the End of Six Calendar Months next after the Cause thereof shall have

arisen.

A.D* 1807.	470	GEO.	Ill;	Self.	1.	C.	xxix,xxx.	239

arisen, or if such Action shall be brought or laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, or after sufficient Tender of Amends shall have been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, that then and in any of the Cases aforesaid the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants therein; and in all Cases where a Verdict shall be found far the Defendant or Defendants in such Action, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue the same after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or shall be nonsuited, or if, upon Demurrer,

Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff pr Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants in such Action shall have Treble Co ft s, and have the TreMe Costs to-like Remedies for recovering the same as Defendants have for recover- Dcfcnctanrs. ing their Costs in other Cases by Law.

XXXV.	And be it further enacted, That every Action or Profe- Mode of

cution for any Offence or Offences again ft this Act in that Part of	m

Great Britain called Scotland, shall be, by Way of summary Petition f Scothnd^^ or Complaint, to one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, or to

the Sheriff Depute for the County where such Offence or Offences shall be committed, who are hereby authorized to hear and determine the same.

XXXVI.	And be it further enacted, That no Action shall be Limitation of brought against any Person or Persons for any Thing done, or to be Adfciuns, under done, by virtue of this Act, or by virtue of the said former Adis, lhlrs or formet made in the Eleventh, Fifteenth, and ThirtyTeventh Years of His scotUad present Majesty, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, unless

such Action shall be commenced within the Space of Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen ; and in all such Adtionsthe Defendant or Defendants, if absolved or affoitzied from the Action, shall have and be entitled to full Costs of Suit* ,

4< Public AdL § 37*

Cap. xxx.

An Adi to enable The Glohe Tnfurancc Company to sue in the Name of their Treasurer, and to inrol Annuities.	[25th	April 1807.]

*	YT7HEREAS ieveral Persons have formed themselves into a

*	* * Society or Partnership, under the Name of The Glohe Insurance 4 Company, and have subscribed very confiderable Sums, in order to ‘ carry on the Business of infunng Houses, and other Property,

4	from Loss or Damage by Eire; to effect Tnfurances on Lives, and r to grant and purchase Annuities: And Whereas the Public hath f been greatly benefited by the Formation of such Society or Partner-

*	ship, with a competent Capital to carry on the same, and a confi-4 derable Revenue is derived to His Majesty therefrom : And Whereas 4 Difficulties have ariien, and may from Time to Time arise, as well 4 in recovering Debts, which may grow due to the said Society or 4 Partnership, called The Globe Insurance Company, as in prosecuting 4 Persons who may steal or embezzle the Property of, or who may c commit, or be guilty of any other Offence against, or with Intent to

* injure or defraud the said Society or Partnership ; as by Law all the

*	several Subscribers or Proprietors to and in such Society or Part-4 nerfhip mull, in such Cases, sue and prosecute by their several and 4 distinct Names and Descriptions: And whereas an Adi was passed in

4 the Seventeenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled. An Alt 17 G. 3. <?. zS*

*	for regijlering the Grants of Life Annuities, and for the better ProteBion

‘ of

24°

C.xxx.

Soits may be mIs ituted in the Name of the 'Iioafurer.

This Ad shall not incorporate the Society, or dit’chnrge them fioni

RcfponfibiJiiy.

47° GEO. III. Seff-t.	A.D.1807.

of Infants against such Grants $ whereby it was and is required,that a

*	Memorial of every Inftrufnent granting any such Annuity or Rent

*	Change as is therein mentioned, should, within the Time therein ‘ mentioned, be inrolled in the High Court of Chancery \ and that c such Memorial should, among other Particulars, contain the Names c of all the Parties, and for whom any of them were Trustees : And

*	Whreeas the said Society or Partnership, by reason of the Number c of Persons who are or may be interested therein, is unable to comply

*	with the Requifttions of the said A£t in the laft-mentioned Respect,

*	and is prevented thereby from rendering the Contracts of the said 1 Society or Partnership for the Purchase or Sale of Annuities effectual 1 and valid ; Wherefore, for the more easily carrying into Execution

*	the several Undertakings herein-before mentioned, and for removing c the Difficulties aforesaid, may it please Your Majesty that it may c be enactedand be it enadfed by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That all Actions and Suits to be commenced or instituted by or on Behalf of the said Society or Partnership against any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall or lawfully may be commenced or instituted and prosecuted in the Name or Names of the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being of the said Society or Partnership, as the nominal Plaintiff or Plaintiffs for and on Behalf of the said Society or Partnership ; and that all Prosecutions to be brought or instituted by or on Behalf of the said Society or Partnership for Fraud upon or against, or for Embezzlement, Robbery of, or dealing the Property of the said Society or Partnership, or for any other Offence committed against, or with Intent to injure or defraud the said Society or Partnership, shall or lawfully may be so brought or instituted, and carried on, in the Name or Names of the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being of the said Society or Partnership ; and in all Indidlments and Informations it shall be lawful to state the Property of the said Society or Partnership to be the Property of the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being of the said Society or Partnership ; and any Offence committed with Intent to injure or defraud the said Society or Partnership shall and lawfully may in such Prosecution be laid to have been committed with Intent to injure or defraud the said Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being of the said Society or Partnership ; and any Offender or Offenders may thereupon be lawfully convicted of any such Offence, and the Death, Resignation or Removal, or other A£t of such Treasurer or Treasurers, shall not abate any such Action, Suit, or Prosecution.

II. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be deemed, construed, or taken to extend, to incorporate the said Society or Partnership ; or to relieve or discharge the said Society or Partnership, or any of the Members thereof, or Subscribers thereto refpedfively, from any Responsibility, Contracts., Duties, or Obligations whatsoever, which by Law they may now, or at any Time hereafter, be fubje£t or liable to, either as between such Society or Partnership and others, or between the, or any of the, individual Members of such Society or Partnership and others, or among themselves, or in any other Manner whatsoever.

III. And

A; D, 1807.	47° GEO. III. SefT.x. C. xxx—xxxv.

III. And be h further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Society or Partnership to inrol, in the High Court cf Chancery, a Memorial of every Deed, Bond, In ftrument, or other Assurance,. whereby any Annuity or Rent Charge shall, from and after the palling of this Adi* be granted to or by the said Society pr Partnership, for One or more Life or Lives, or for any Term of Years, or greater Estate determinable on One or more Life or Lives, in the Names of the Parties to such Deed, Bond, Instrument, or other Assurance ; and such (Enrolment shall (all other Requisites of the said recited Adi being duly complied with,) be as good and efFedtual to' all Intents and Purposes as if the Names of all the Persons for whom such Parties respectively, or any or either of them, shall be Trustees or a Trustee, were or was stated therein, any Law, Statute, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding*

^ Public Adi. § 4.

Cap. xxxi.

An Adi to enable The Albion Fire and Life Insurance Company to fiie in the Name of their Secretary, and to inroll Annuities.

[25th April 1807.]

[See Chap. xxx. of this SeJfontt[

Cap. xxxii.

An Adi to enable The London Life Association to sue in the Name of their President, and to enroll Annuities.	[25th	April 1807.]

[dA Chap, Xxx. of this Sejfwn.]

Cap. xxxiii.

An Adi to enable The Pelican Life Insurance Company to sue in the Name of their Secretary, and to inroll Annuities.

[25th April 1807.]

[dVe Chap. xxx. of this Seffionh\

Cap. xxxiv.

An Adi to enable The Provident Injlitution to sue in the Name of their managing Director, and to inroll Annuities.

[25th April 1807.]

f&’i? Chap. XXX, of this Seffon,~\

Cap. xxxv.

An Adi for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and Port of Sandwich, and the Vills of Ramfgalc and Sarr, and the Parishes of Minjler, Saint Lawrence, Stonar, Monkton, and Saint Nicholas, in the Isle of Thanet ; Walmer, AJId next Sandwich, Fajlry, Wing ham, Staple, Goodnejlone next Wingham, Chittenden? Nonnington, Woodnejbbrough otherwise Winjborow, Eythorne, Word otherwise Worth, Elmftont, Prejlon next Wingham, Ickham, Wick* hambreux, Waldershare, Barf ref. on, Shepherdfwell otherwise Sib*> bertfwould, Wymenfwould,	Barham,	Patrixbourn, Bifaopbourn,

Beakfourn, Littlebourn, Stodmarsh, and Stounnouth, in the County of Kent.	[25th April 1807.]

47 GeO. Ill*	R	Cap.&x&vU

' 241

Society may inrol Memo! Jal of A flu ranees in the Name of the Parties thereto.

Op p pc

C.xxxvi—xl.

47° GEO. III. Self. i.

A.D. 1807.

243

*5 <5- 3- c. 64.

2 G 3. C. 21.

2 G. 3. C. 2 5. V c* 30* 3 c- 5°* 3* c- 22. 3- c- 9°* 3- c- 53*

Pumfhmcnt for deploying Works, Felony within Clergy.1

Cap. XXXvi.

An Act for the more easy andfpeedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Hales Owen, Rowley Regis, Harbourne, West Bromwich, Tipton, and the Manor of Bradley, in the Counties of JVorceJler, Salop, and Stafford.	[25th	April	1807.]

Cap. xxxvii.

An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Aft, patted in the Fifteenth Year of His present Majesty, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundred of Elloe, in the County of Lincoln, and for extending the Jurisdiction of the Court constituted by the said Aft to the Parishes of Surfleet and Gofberton, in the Hundred of Kir ton, in the said County. [25th April 180;. J [thirifdidion extended to 5 l.J

Cap. xxxviii.

An Act for altering and enlarging so much of the Powers of several Acts, made in the Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, Eleventh, Fourteenth, and Thirtieth Years of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets and other Places within the City and Liberty of IVeJhninfler and Parts adjacent, as relate to the Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint George Bloomfbnry, in the County of Middlesex, and to certain Places called Holhorn above the Bars, and Middle Row, in Ho Horn, in the said County, and for the better Regulation of the Nightly Watch of the said Parishes.	[2.5th	Alpril	1807.]

Cap. xxxix.

An Act for inclofmg and draining certain Lands in the Parish of Martham, in the County of Norfolk.	[25th	April	1807.]

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and malicionfly cut, damage, break down, demolish, or destroy any Bank, Mill, Engine, Dam, Flood-gate, Bridge, Dike, Sluice, or Tunnel already made, or which shall at any Time hereafter be made or erected, supported, maintained, or used for the Pur-pofes of this Ad, every Person so offending, and being convicted. thereof, shall be deemed guilty of Felony; and the Court before which such Person shall be tried and convicted shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be puniflied in like Manner as" Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm ; or, in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Court may, if they think fit, award inch Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny.

Cap. xl.

An Act for enabling certain Persons therein named to carry into Execution a Partition lately made under a Decree of His Majesty’s High Court of Chancery, of the Moyfer Estate, in the County of Toth, and the County of the City of Fork, on the Part of the Reverend ■ Richard Gee, Robert Whyte Esquire, and Thomas Metcalfe Esquire. (q. P.)	[25th	April	1807.]

Cap. xH,

A.D.1807,

C. xli—xliii.

470 GEO. III. Seff.i. C. xli—xliii.	243

Cap. xli.

An Adi for inclosing Lands in the Township of Crosby, in the Parishes

of Frodingham and Flixborough, in the County of Lincoln.	(q.	P.)

[25th	1807.]

Allotments of Land to be made in Compensation for all Tythes in the Township of Crojby (except such antient Inclosures therein as may be in the Parish of West Halton> § 12—•16.)

Cap. xlii.

An Adi for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Mere, in the County of Wilts, (q. P.)	[25th April 1807.]

' Cap. xliii.

An Act for inclosing and draining Lands within the Parishes of Repps with Bajlnvlck and Eccles next the Sea, in the County of Norfolk.

[25th April 1807.]

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons pUnifhment for shall wilfully and maliciously cut, damage, break down, demolish, or deploying destroy any Bank, Mill, Engine, Dam, Floodgate, Bridge, Sluice, or Works, Felony Tunnel already made, or which shall at any Time hereafter be made within Clergy-or eredlcd, supported, maintained, or used for answering any of the Purposes of this Adi, every Person so offending, and being convicted,' shall be guilty of Felony, and the Court before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be transported for Seven Years, or in Mitigation of such Punishment may award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny.

R2

THE

THE

STATUTES AT LARGE.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Britannianim Regis, Quadragesimo septimo.

Seff.2.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster. the Twenty-fecond Day of June, Anno Domini 1B07, in the Forty-feventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith : Being the First Sefiion of the Fourth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland

CAP. I.

An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eight, several Acts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into and exported from Ireland.	[7th July	1807.]

u Recital of 4^ G. 3. c. 18. imposing Duties of Customs ; and " 46 G. 3 c. 62. imposing Duties of Customs on Iron, Sugar, and a Tea, and of the continuing Acts 46 G. 3. c. 12. and c. 120. :

€C Duties and Drawbacks under recited Acts further continued to 5th (i July 1808. (Except Drawbacks and Bounties on Sugar, provided w for by 47 G. 3. Sejf. 1. c. 19.)—Regulations in said recited Acts “ continued to said 5th July 1808. — Provided that Articles entitled “ to Bounty shall not be liable to Duty. § 1.—Duties shall be €C carried to the Irish Consolidated Fund. § 2.—Afts may be altered ic or repealed this Sefiion. § 3. [SW Chap. 16. of this Session.]

CAP. II.

An Act to revive and continue, until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Sefiion of Parliament, Three Acts, passed in the Thirty-seventh, Forty-fifth, and Forty-fixth Years of His Majesty’s Reign, for carrying into Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, between His Majesty and the United States of America > and for empowering His Majesty to

R 3	fufpend.

246	C.	%—4*	47° GEO. III. Self. 2. A.D.	1807.

fuspend, before the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, the Provisions of the said A£ts> for such Period as PI is Ma jelly may deem expedient.

[17th July 1807.]

The Adi 37 G. 3. c. 97. (as continued by 45 G. 3. c, 35. &

%c 46 G. 3. c. 16 ) revived and continued. § 1.—ITis Majesty em-“ powered to suspend the Provisions of the recited Adis by Order in (i Council, § 2.

CAP. III.

An Add to indemnify Persons who have advised or added under, an Order of Council for making Regulations with refpedd to the Navigation and Commerce between His Ma-jelly’s Subjedds and the Subjedds of the United States of America.	[ 17 th July 1807.]

?7 G. 5. c. 97.	4	\A7 PIE REAS an Adi passed in the Thirty-feventh Year of His

450,3. c. 35. *	* * present Majesty’s Reign, for carrying into Execution the

46 G. 3. c. 16.	‘	Treaty	of	Amity,	Commerce,	and	Navigation, concluded between

*	His Majesty and the United States of America; which Adi was

*	revived and continued by Two Adis passed in the Forty-fifth and 4 Forty-iixth Years of His present Majesty’s Reigh ; which laid men-

‘ tioned Adi expired on the First Day of June One thousand eight hun- ' Order in	4	dre .1 andfeven : And Whereas an Order in Council was made on the

Council,May27, < Twenty-feventh Day of May One thousand eight hundred and 1^°7* fQj • f leven, diredling that all the Regulations contained in the said Adis fndodicrMalters ‘ should be duly cbferved until other Provisions should be made 4 respecting the Matters aforesaid be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-fent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afl’embled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Entries of Ships and Payments of Duties, and every Matter and Thing which has been done under the Authority of the said Order, and conformable with the Regulations contained in the said Adis, /hall be deemed and taken to be good in Law, in the same Manner as if the said Adis had continued to be in full force and effect ; and all Persons who advised His Majesty to make such Order, or who have acted in carrying the same into Execution, arc hereby fully indemnified for the same.

done under recited Orders, dccluied valid,

and Persons indemnified.

CAP. IV.

An Adi to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Major General Sir John Stuart Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, in Consideration of the eminent Sendees which he has rendered to Plis Majesty and the Publick.	[17th	July	1	807.]

4 Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS Your Majesty, by Your Most Gracious Message to Your faithful Commons, hath been pleased to signify i Your Desire of conferring a signal Mark of Your Favour and 4 Approbation on Major General Sir John Stuart Knight of the most 4 Honourable Order of the Bath, in confequehce of the eminent

Services

n

O

247

AD. 1807.	470	GEO.	III.	Seff.2.	C.4,	5.

c Services rendered by him in the brilliant and decisive Victory ob-

*	tained by the Troops under his Command against a superior French f Force upon the Plains of Maida on the Fourth pay of July One 4 thousand eight hundred and fix, and the Valour and Skill displayed 4 by him on that Occasion, and that, for that Purpose, an Annuity 4 of One thousand Pounds should be granted to the said Sir John 4 Stuart during the Term of his natural Life:’ Now, &c.

c' PJis Majesty empowered to grant to Sir John Stuart for Life an 4£ Annuity of 1000J. to commence from July q, 1006, out of the 4£ British Consolidated Fund. § i.— Annuity shall be paid at the “ Exchequer without Fees. § 2.—and shall not be fubjedf to any

*	Tax. § 3.

CAP. V.

An A£t for empowering the Commissioners of Kilmainham Flofpital to make Rules and Regulations for the Payment of Pensions to Soldiers on the Establishment of that Hospital.	[17th	July	1807,]

4 /PEREAS an Aft was passed in the Forty-lixth Year of the	f

4 V V Reign of Idis present Majesty, intituled, An A8 for making	c>

4 letter Provlfion for Soldiers, whereby all Pensions, Allowances, and 4 Relief, granted or to be granted to disabled, invalid, or discharged * Soldiers, were placed under the Management of the Commissioners,

4 for the Time being, of Chelsea Hospital, and Power was given to 4 the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, for the 4 Time being, to make such Orders, Rules, and Regulations, and 4 from Time to Time, to alter the same, in relation to the Payment 4 of any Pensions, Allowances, or Relief to any Soldiers entitled 4 thereto, and also as to any Certificates, Vouchers, Receipts, or 4 Orders, for the better regulating, managing, and making such Pay-4 ments, and to require such Proofs and Affidavits relating thereto 4 as might or may be requisite for the ordering and securing the Pay-4 ment of such Pensions, Allowances, and Relief, either at Chelsea or 4 Kilmainham Hospitals, or in any other Place where the same shall be 4 payable to the Persons entitled thereto, as the Case may be, with 4 Provision that every such Order or Regulation might from Time 4 to Time be revoked or altered by any'Warrant, Order, or Inftruc-4 tion, under His Majesty’s Royal Sign Manual; and it is expedient 4 that so much of the said Act as places the Penlions payable to 4 Persons entitled to or receiving any Pensions or Allowances from 4 Kilmainham Hospital, under the Controul of the Commissioners of 4 Chelsea Hospital, and also so much of the said Act as empowers the 4 said Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital to make any Rules and Re-4 gulations as tb such Persons, should be repealed : And Whereas it 4 is expedient that the Commissioners of Kilmainham Hospital should 4 have the same Power of making Rules, Orders, and Regulations 4 with respect to the Payment of all such Pensions as shall be 4 payable to Persons entitled to and receiving Pensions from KtU 4 mainham Hospital, as is by the said recited Act given to the Com-6 miffioners of Chelsea Hofpitalbe it therefore enacted by the King’s ’ mofl Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual andTemporal, andCommons, in this present Parliament

R 4	affembled.

Hosted by

4

24$

Repealed ; so far as relates to Rilmainhara Hospital*

Commissioners of Kilmainhatn idofpital shall have the same Rowers as the CommifTioners of Chelsea Hofpir.,1, with jeipe£l to Pensions, &c.

C.5-7.	4.7®	GEO.	HI,	Seff.2.	A-D. 1807.

assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Adi as gives any Power, Authority, or Controul whatever to .the Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital, over or in relation to any Pension or Allowance payable to any Person entitled to or receiving Pension or Allowance from Kilrnainham IHlofpital, or as to any Matter or Thing relating thereto, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

II.	And be it further enabled, That from and aftor the passing of this Act, the Commissioners of Kilrnainham Hospital or any Three or more of them, fnall have the like Powers, Management, Controus, and Direction, and all such Powers and Authorities tq make Orders, Rules, and Regulations, and from Time to Time to alter the same, in relation to any Persons entitled to or receiving any Pension or Allowance, or Relief, from Kilrnainham Hospital, and as to the Payment of any Pensions, Allowances, or Relief granted or to be granted tq disabled, invalid, or discharged Soldiers on the Eilabliffiment of Kil* mainham Hospital, and to do all other Adis for the better regulating, managing, and making such Payments, and to require Proofs and Affidavits relating thereto, and subject to the like Provisoes as by the said recited Adi are veiled in the said Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital, with respect to the Pensions, Allowances, and Relief therein fpe-ciiied ; and all such Rules, Regulations, and Adis Matters, and Things, made or done by them in respect to any such Payment, or to any such Pensions, Allowances, or Relief, before the passing of thia Adi, shall be as good, valid, and effectual as if all such Powers and Authorities had been given to the pommiffiopers of Kilrnainham Hospital by the said recited Adi.

- ■ CAP. VL

An Adi for railing the Sum of Three Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year. One thousand eight hundred and seven. [17th July 1807.]

Treasury empowered to raife’ 3,000,000/. by Loans and Exche-u quer Bills, as under Malt Act, 47 G, 3. ft.’i. c. 3. § 1,2.—In-tereft 3 /. per Centum per Annum, from 5th April, 1807. § 3.—-Exchequer Bills so issued shall not be received again in Payment of any Taxes ; nor exchanged before the Expiration of Si^ Months from the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace. § 4. —The said Bills shall be repaid out of the Supplies in the next “ Session. § 5.—The said Bills, if not duly paid off, shall bear an Interest of 5 per Cent. § 6.—When the 3 per Cent. Confols. shall be 80 /. per Cent, or more, the said Bills shall become payable, &c. u § 7.—Bank of England authorized to advance 3,000,000 /. on the Credit of this Adi. § 8.

[See ^6 G.3, Co 41, for a ftmilar Acl.^

C A H. VII.

An A<ft for railing the Sum of One Million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or ExchequerBills [for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven,	4	[17th	Juty 1807.]

A.D. 1867,	47°	GEO.	III.	Seif.2.

C-7,8.

249

46 Treasury empowered to raise 1,500,000/. by Loans and Exchequer <c Bills, as under Malt Aft, (47 G. 3. ft. 1. c. 3.) § 1, a.—Intereft u	per Cent, per Diem. § 3,—Said Bills not to be received

(( again in Payment of any Taxes 5 nor exchanged before sipril 5, u 1808. § 4.—Said Bills to be repaid out of the Firfc Supplies in ** next Session. § 5.—Bank of England authorised to advance V 1,500,000 h on the Credit of this Aft, § 6.

i "YX/^EREAS ^ *S expedient that Persons who can now suffer * v* Common Recoveries of Copyhold or Customary Tenements 6 in Person but not by Attorney, fttould be enabled to suffer the i same by Attorney as well as in Person:’ May it therefore please /our Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same. That it P«fom inay shall and may be lawful for every Person not being under Coverture, ^Pomt and for every Feme Covert, (fuch Feme Covert being solely and f0yCfu7re!’cltiTn{ secretly examined by the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the Manor Copyholds, &c. or Manors whereof the Copyhold or Customary Tenements, a Com- of which mon Recovery or Common Recoveries of which is or are proposed to Common be suffered, shall be holden, or by his, her, or their Steward or ^^nded^ohc Stewards, or by the Deputy qrDrputies of such Steward or Stewards,)	&c;

to appoint any Person or Persons to be his, her, or their Attorney or Attornies for the Purpose of surrendering the Copyhold or Customary Tenements a Common Recovery or Common Recoveries of which shall be proposed to be suffered, to the Use of any Person or Persons, to make him or them Tenant or Tenants to the Plaint 5 and also to appoint any other Person or Persons to appear for the l’erfon or Persons so appointing as Vouchee or Vouchees, and to enter into the usual Warranty, and to do all other lawful and necessary Acts for the suffering and perfecting of such Common Recovery or Common Recoveries respectively, and to direct the Demandant or Demandants in such Common Recoveries respectively to surrender the Tenements so recovered, when or after such Recovery or Recoveries shall be suffered and perfested, to such Uses as shall be declared in the Instrument by which such Attorney or Attornies fnall be respectively appointed ; and that the Surrender and Surrenders, and Common Recovery and Common Recoveries which shall be had, acknowledged-, and suffered as aforesaid, shall have the like Effect but no other, as such Surrender and Surrenders and Common Recovery and Com-imon Recoveries would have had if the Party or Parties who shall acknowledge such Surrender or Surrenders, and suffer such Common Recovery or Common Recoveries by Attorney, and give such Directions as aforesaid, had appeared in Court in his, her, or their Person or refpeft'ive Persons, and acknowledged the said Surrender or Surrenders, and suffered the same Recovery or Recoveries, and had joined in the Surrender or Surrenders to be made by such De-pandanfc ov Demandants.

CAP. WHI.

An Act concerning Common Recoveries suffered m Copyhold or Customary Courts by Attorney,	[17th	July	1807	]

CAP.

Hosted

C.p.

A.D.1807.

o m

-O

O

Treasury may

fell 100,000 Tickets to be drawn in One or rajic Lotteries, for such Sums, anil iubjccl to iuch Regulations as shall be thought expedient*

Cashier to give Secaiicy for the Money paid into the Bank of for such Lottei jes*

47° GEO. Ill* Self* 2.

CAP. IX*

An A£fc for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.	[25th	July 1807.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

^ WE> ^r°ur Majesty’s mod dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Com-4	» V mons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland

< in Parliament assembled, towards railing the necessary Supplies to * defray Your Majesty’s publick Expences, have freely resolved to 6 give and grant unto Your Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by 4 Lotteries, in the Manner herein-after directed ; Your faithful Com-c mons do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may 4 be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That it shall and may be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized to fell and dispose of, to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, any Number of Tickets, not exceeding in the Whole One hundred thousand, in One or more Lottery or Lotteries, at and for such Price or Sum of Money for each Ticket, as the said Lords Com;, miflioners or any Three or more of them shall think fit ; and under-and subject to such Stipulations and Regulations, as to the Payment of the Sums contracted to be given for the Tickets in such Lottery or Lotteries, and as to Instalments, and Time of Payment thereof, and any Advance thereon, and any Allowance or Discount for prompt Payment, and as to any Forfeitures or Penalties for Nonpayment of any such Sums of Money or Instalments, and alio as to the whole Number of Tickets, and the Number and Value of the Fortunate Tickets in such Lottery or Lotteries respectively, and also as to the Sum or Sums of Money to be allowed to the Owner of any First or Last drawn Ticket on any or either of the Days of Drawing of any or either of such Lotteries, or any other beneficial Chance therewith, and as to the Days, and Times, and Place for the Drawling of such Lottery or Lotteries respectively, as the said Lords Commissioners, or anyThree or more of them shall think proper and expedient; and all such Regulations, Stipulations, Forfeitures, and Penalties, shall be valid and effectual, and be obeyed, acted upon, and enforced, in like Manner, in every respect as if they had been inserted and enacted in the Body of this Ad : And that all the Monies to arise by the Sale of such Lottery Tickets shall be paid unto the Calhier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, who shall, if required, give Security to the Satisfaction of any Three or more of the said Lords Commissioners, for duly answering and paying into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer in Great Britain, all the Monies which he or they shall receive from Time to Time, in respect of any or either of such Lotteries, or of any Tic ketsr therein, and for accounting duly for the same, and for the faithful Performance of theTruft in him or them reposed ; and shall, from Time to Time, pay all such Monies within Five Days after the Receipt thereof, into the Exchequer, and account for the same there in dueCourse, deduding only thereout such Sum or Sum?, as shall be otherwise paid by him

or

Hosted by

or them, in piuTuar.ee- of this Adi, or of any such Regulations ■ as aforesaid, and which shall be allow ed in his or their Accounts,

II.	And be it farther etfa&ed. That it shall be lawful for Three or Treasury more of the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to issue and

apply from Time to Time all such Sums of Money as shall be so Money paid into paid into the said Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, by the said the Exchequer Cashier or Cashiers as aforesaid, to such Services for Great Britain as by the Caihier. shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in this prefer.t Session of Parliament.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be Treasury to

lawful for the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, retain theM<>ncy

or any Three or more of them, out of the Money that shall arise by "cceffary t0'vards i J i r i .-•it	m-	i	*	r	» r>	•	,	V	ray men t er me

the bale or the iaidLottery tickets, to retain inch Proportion theveot Forrunatc

as may be necessary to be paid to the Holders of the Fortunate Tickets, and

Tickets in the said Lotteries, and to pay into the Bank of England, to One-thiid of the

the Account of Ireland\ from Time to Time, any Sums of Money SurP,us A13*1 be

not exceeding One-third Part of the Surplus of the Money that shall Sefvicwof &

arise from such Lotteries, to be applied under the Order of the Com- Ireland.

miffioners of the Treasury of Ireland, or any Three or more of them, to

such Services for Ireland as shall then have been voted by the

Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in the

present Session of Parliament.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That such Sum or Sums of Money, A Sum not not exceeding in the Whole Ten Pounds for every Ticket to be con- exceeding retained in the said Lottery or Lotteries, as shall be fixed upon for the

Purpose, by the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury in Great -in*o Prj^'and Britain, or any Three or more of them, fha.ll be distributed in Prises paid out of the or Benefits, to be drawn in the said Lottery or Lotteries, or allotted Supplies granted to the Owner or Owners of any Firll or Lafi drawn Ticket or Tickets, t,nu Milium

on any particular-Day or Days, in such Proportions, and in such Manner, as the said Lords Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall direct ; and the same shall be charged upon and be paid and payable out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies granted in the present Session of Parliament for Great Britain ; and the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, or any Three or more of them, are hereby required and authorized, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands, to cause such Sum or Sums of Money to be issued and paid out of the said Aids or Supplies, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them distributed and paid to and among!! the respective Proprietors of the several Fortunate or Benefit Tickets within Two Months after the Conclusion of the Drawing of such Lottery or Lotteries respectively, or as soon as Certificates can be made out for the Sums due in reipecl of the same, in the Manner herein-after directed.

V. And, for eftabliihing a proper Method for drawing the said Lottery or Lotteries, be it further enacted, That such Persons as the said Lords Commissioners of His Majcity’s Treasury in Great Britain, or any Three or more of them, shall nominate and appoint, shall be Managers and Directors for preparing and delivering out Tickets, and to oversee the Drawing of Lots, and to order, do, and perform, such other Matters and Things relating to such Lottery or Lotteries as may be necessary in that Behalf; and that such Managers and Directors shall meet together, from Time to Time, at same

publick

Managers and Dictators of the Lotteries shall be appointed by the Tveafuiy.

-5*	C.	9.	470	GEO.	III.	Seff.2.	A.D.1807:

publick Office or Place, for the Execution of the Powers and Trusts Method of the	in them reposed ; and that the said Managers and Diredlors, or so

Lottery Books. many Of them as shall be present at any such Meeting, or the major Part of them, shall, for the said Lottery or Lotteries respectively, cause Books to be prepared, in which every Leaf shall be divided or distinguished into Three Columns ; and, upon the innermost of the said Three Columns, there shall be printed, for each of the said Lotteries, such Number of Tickets as shall have been fixed upon for the same, to be numbered One, Two, Three, and so onwards, in arithmetical Progression, where the common Excess is to be One, until they rife to the Number so fixed upon ; and upon the middle Column in every of the said Books shall be printed the like Number of Tickets, of the same Breadth and Form, and numbered in like Manner ; and in the extreme Column of the same Books there shall be printed a Third Rank or Series of Tickets of the same Number with those of the other Two Columns; which Tickets shall several ly be of an oblong Figure, and in the said Books shall be joined with oblique Lines, Flourishes, or Devices, in such Manner as the said Managers and Diredtors, or the major Part of them, shall think most safe and convenient ; and that every Ticket in the Third or extreme Column of the said Books shall have written or printed thereupon, (befzdes the Number of such Ticket), Words or Figures to the following Effect. ‘ FIRST, [SECOND, THIRD, or FOURTH] XT * r LOTTERY, [as the Case may k]	N°—	-	=

r for the Year 1807.

Managers to •examine the Books with the Tickets, and deliver them to the Cafhicrs of jhe Bank, raking a Receipt for thefaiRe,

*	THE BEARER of this Ticket will be entitled to such Benefit

*	as shall belong thereto in the said Lottery, to be drawn in pursuance 4 of the Act passed in the Forty-feventh Year of His Majesty’s

*	Reign.’

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Managers and Directors, or so many of them as shall be present at any such Meeting, or the major Part of them so present, shall carefully examine all the said Books, with the Tickets therein, and take Care that the same be contrived, numbered, and made, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Adi; and shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, the same Books, and every or any of them, as they shall be examined, to the Caihier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, taking from such Caihier or Cashiers an Acknowledgement in Writing, under his or their Hand or Hands, importing his or their Receipt of such Book or Books, and so many Tickets therein as shall be delivered to him or them respectively, so that the said Cashier or Cashiers may be charged to answer for such Sum of Money for every One of the Tickets in the extreme Columns, which shall be delivered to him or them, as the same shall have been fold for, or for so many of them as he or they shall not deliver back to the said Managers and Diredlors ; and such Cashier or Cashiers is and are hereby dire died and required, upon his or their Receipt of every or any entire Sum of Money, in full Payment for any Ticket or Tickets, from any Person or Persons contributing or adventuring in any such Lottery, from Time to Time to cut out of the said Book or Books, so to be put into his or their Custody, through the said oblique Lines, Flourishes, or Devices, indentwife, in the said extreme Columns, such Ticket or Tickets as shall be necessary to be delivered

to

AJD, 1807*	470 GEO. llh Seffi 2.	C.	9,	25;	j

to the several Persons entitled thereto; which Tickets the said Cashier or Cashiers shall sign with his or their own Name or Names ; and he or they shall permit the respective Person or Persons so entitled, if it .be desired, to write his or her Name or Mark on the corresponding Tickets in the same Book or Books ; and at the same Time the said Cashier or Cashiers shall deliver to such Person or Persons the Ticket or Tickets so cut off, which he, {he, or they are to keep and use for the better ascertaining and securing the Interell which he, she, or they, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall or may have in the Drawing of the said Lottery.

VII- And be it further enacted, That the said Cashier or Cashiers C.vfhiers to shall, Fourteen Days before the Commencement of each of the said reiurn the Bo»,ks Lotteries, re-deliver to the said Managers and Directors, at their said ^Voied Office or Place of Meeting, all the said Books, and therein all the pickets and Tickets which the said Cashier or Cashiers shall not have cut out of Amount of the same, and delivered to the Persons entitled thereto, and shall then Money received and there also deliver to the Managers and Directors a true and just and ia* Account in Writing, under his or their Hand or Hands, of all Sums of Money accrued or come to the Hands of such Cashier or Cashiers by or for the Tickets delivered, or to be delivered out, and how the same, and how mush thereof, fhall	have been actually paid by such

Cashier or Cashiers, into the faid	Receipt	of Exchequer, for the

Purposes herein-mentioned ; and that the said Managers and Direc- Uiulifpoferl tors, or the major Part of them, which shall be present as aforesaid, Tickers to be shall forthwith cause all the Tickets	of the	faid outermost Columns,	delivered	mro

which shall not have been delivered,	(if any	fuch be), to be delivered	the E*cuequce.

into the said Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, there to be retained and kept as Caffi, to beilsued, fold, and disposed of, for raifmg Money for the Purposes in this Ad mentioned, in such Manner as the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall order and direct.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That the said Managers and Tickets of the Diredors, or the major Part of them which shall be present at a Middle Columns Meeting as aforesaid, shall cause all the Tickets in the Middle Columns,

in the Books made out with Three Columns as aforesaid, which shall Thread or

be delivered back to them by or from the said Cashier or Cashiers as Silk; and cutoff

aforesaid, to be carefully rolled up, and made salt with Thread or indentwife into

Silk ; and the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part of a B:)Xj

them as aforesaid, shall, in their Presence, and in the Presence of 7^) a^nd^ut^

any such Contributors or Adventurers as may be there, cause all the into anorher Sex

said Tickets which are to be so rolled up and made fall, as aforesaid, to to be locked ug

be cut off indentwife, through the said oblique Lines, Flourishes, or and foaled.

Devices, into a Box to be prepared for that Purpose, and to be marked

with the Letter (A , which is presently to be put up into another

ftrong Box, and to K locked with Seven different Locks and Keys,

to be kept by as many of the said Managers and Directors, and fealed

with their Seals, or the Seals of some of them, until the said Tickets

are to be drawn, as is herein-after mentioned ; and that the Tickets

in the first or innermost Columns of the said Books shall remain Rill

in the Books, for discovering any Miffake or Fraud, if any ffiould

happen to be committed, contrary to the true Meaning of this Ack

IX.	And be it further enacted, That the said Managers and Di- Books to be redors, or the major Part of them which shall be present at any prepared for the

Meeting Lotteries with

Two Columns, on each of which the Number of Tickets are to fee printed.

The Number and Value of the Fortunate Tickets to be .diftinguiffied.

Tickets in the outermoff Columns of the Lift mentioned Books to be rolled up and tied, and cut off i ito a Box marked with the Letter (B\ &c.

Notice to be given of putting the Tickets into the Boxes,

Notice to be given of the Drawing.

C.9.	470	GEO* III. Seff. 2.	A.D.1807*

Meeting as aforesaid, shall also prepare, or cause to be prepared for the said Lotteries respectively, other Books, in which every Leaf shall be divided or diftingutfiled' into Two Columns; and upon the innermost of those Two Columns there shall be printed the Number of Tickets of each of such Lotteries respectively, and upon the outer-moil of the said Two Columns there shall be printed a like Number of Tickets ; all which shall be of equal Length and Breadth, as near as may be ; which Two Columns in the said Book shall be joined by some Flourish or Device, through which the outermost Tickets may be cut off indentwiie; and that such Number of Tickets as shall be fixed for the Purpose by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, or any Three of them, Part of those to be contained in the outermost Columns of the Books last mentioned, shall be, and he called The Fortunate Tickets, to which Benefits shall belong ; and the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part of them, or such of them as shall be present at a Meeting as aforesaid, shall cause the Sum of Money, which shall have been fixed upon for each of such Fortunate Tickets, to be written or printed thereupon, as well in Figures as in Words at Length: And the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part of them who shall be present at a Meeting as aforesaid, shall cause all the said Tickets contained in the outermost Columns of the said last mentioned Books to be, in the Presence of the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part of them which shall be present at a Meeting as aforesaid, and in the Presence of such Contributors or Adventurers as will then be there, to be carefully rolled up and fastened with Thread or Silk, and carefully cut out indent-wife through the said Flourish or Device, into another Box to be prepared for this Purpose, and to be marked with the Letter (B) ; which Box shall be put into another strong Box, and locked up with Seven different Locks and Keys, to be kept by as many of the said Managers and Directors, and sealed up with their Seals, or the Seals of some of them, until these Tickets shall also be drawn in the Manner and Form herein-after mentioned ; and that the whole Business of rolling up and cutting off, and putting into the said Boxes the said Tickets and locking up and sealing the said Boxes, shall be performed by the said Managers and Directors, or such of them as aforesaid, before the last Six Days immediately preceding the Day appointed for the Drawing of the Lottery to which the Tickets shall respectively belong: And to the End every Person concerned may be well allured that the Counterpart of the same Number with his or her Ticket is put into the Box marked with the Letter (A), from whence the same may be drawn, and that other Matters are done as hereby directed, some public Notification in Print shall be given of the precise Time or Times of putting the said Tickets into the said Boxes, to the End that such Adventurers as may be minded to fee the same done, may be present at the doing thereof.

X. And be it further enacted, That on or before the respective Days that shall be appointed for the Commencement of the Drawing of each of the said Lotteries respectively, the said Managers and Dire£tors shall cause the said several Boxes, with all the Tickets therein for the said Lotteries, to be brought into some convenient Hall or Place, within the City of London or Wejhninjler> whereof due Notice shall be.publifhed in the London Gazette Fourteen Days at least before

Hosted by

255

A.D.1807.	47°	GEO.	III.	Seir.2.	C.g.

tlie Day appointed for the Commencement of such Drawing, so that the same may be there, and placed on a Table provided for that Pur-pose, at such Hour of the Day as the said Managers and Directors shall fix and appoint; and shall then and there attend this Seiwice, and cause the Two Boxes containing the said Tickets to be taken out of J:he other Two Boxes in which they shall have been locked up ; and the Tickets in the refpedfive innermost Boxes being, in the Presence of the said Managers and Directors, or such of them as shall be then present, and of such Adventurers as may be there for the Satisfaction of themselves, well shaken and mingled in each Box distinctly, some One indifferent and fit Person, to be appointed and directed by the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part of them, or such of them as shall be then present, shall take out and draw One Ticket from the Box where the said numbered Tickets shall be put as aforesaid ; and One other indifferent and fit Person, to be appointed and directed in like Manner, shall take out a Ticket from the Box where the Fortunate and Blank Tickets shall be promiscuously put as aforesaid ; and immediately both the Tickets so drawn shall be opened, and the Number as well of the Fortunate as of the Blank Ticket shall be named aloud ; and if the Ticket taken or drawn from the Box containing the Fortunate and Blank Tickets shall appear to be a Blank, then the numbered Ticket so drawn, with the said Blank at the same Time drawn, shall both be put upon One File; and if the Ticket so drawn or taken from the Box containing the Fortunate and Blank Tickets shall appear to be One of the Fortunate Tickets, then the principal Sum written upon such Fortunate Ticket shall be entered by a Clerk, which the said Managers and Directors, or the major Part of them, as aforesaid, shall employ and oversee for this Purpose, into a Book to be kept for entering the Numbers coming up with the said Fortunate Tickets, and the principal Sums where-imto they shall be entitled respectively, and Two of the said Manager# and Dire&ors shall fet their Names as Witnesses to such Entries ; and the said Fortunate and numbered Tickets so drawn together shall be put upon another File ; and so the said drawing of the Tickets shall continue, by taking One Ticket at a Time out of each Box, and with opening, naming aloud, and filing the same, and by entering the Fortunate Lots in the Manner aforesaid, until the whole Number of Fortunate Tickets shall be completely drawn : And as the same cannot be performed ifi One Day's Time, the said Managers and Directors shall cause the Boxes to be locked up and sealed in Manner aforesaid, and adjourn till the next Day of drawing of the said Lottery, and so for each Day of drawing of the Lottery ; and the said Managers and Directors shall and may regulate the Time of continuing to draw the Tickets, and lessen or increase the Number of the Tickets, to be so drawn on each Day of Drawing, as they, or the major Part of them, shall in their Discretion think necessary, and shall proceed therein for such Number of Days as shall have been appointed by the said Lords Commissioners of the Trealury, or any Three or more of them, for that Purpose, till the whole Number of Fortunate Tickets shall be completely drawn as aforesaid, and afterwards the said numbei*ed Tickets so drawn, with the Fortunate Tickets drawn against the same, shall be and remain in a strong Box locked up as aforesaid, and under the Custody of the said Managers and Directors,

until

Method to be observed i drawing,

9? 3

Lift of the Tickets of each Day's Drawing to he printed.

Disputes to be ad julied by the Managers.

Penalty on forging Tickets; &c.

Offenders (not in Prison) discovering Pei Tons guilty to receive a Pardon, and 50I. Reward.

C. 9.	470 QEO. HI. Seff. 2.	A.D.	1807.

until they fit all take them out to examine, adjust,- and fettle the Pro-perty thereof.

XI.	And be it enacted, That the said Managers and Directors fiiall on each Day of Drawing, as soon as conveniently may bef after the said Drawing is over, cause to be printed and published complete numerical Lifts of all the Tickets, as well Fortunate as Blank,whicli shall be drawn on each Day; and if any Contention or Dispute shall arise in the adjusting the Property of the said Fortunate Tickets, it shall be wholly in the Judgement of the major Part of the said Managers and Directors to determine to whom it doth or ought to belong i And if any Person or Persons ftiall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly act or aftift in the forging or counterfeiting, any Ticket or Tickets, Certificate or Certificates, Order or Orders, made forth by virtue of this present A£t, or alter any Number, Figure, or Word therein, or knowingly utter, vend, barter, or dispose of, any such faise, altered, forged, or counterfeited Ticket or Tickets, Certificate or Certificates, Order or Orders, or {ball bring any such forged or counterfeited Ticket, Certificate or Order, or any l'uch Ticket, Certificate, or Order, the Number whereof, or any Figure or Word therein, fnall have been altered (knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or altered), to the said Managers and Directors, or any of them, or to the Cashier of Cashiers, or Accountant General of the Bank of England for the Time being, or to any other Person or Persons whatsoever, with a fraudulent Intention ; or shall willingly aid, abet, afiift, hire, or command, any Person or Persons to commit any such Offence or Offences as aforesaid, then, and in every such Case, all and every such Person or Persons being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, ftiall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy : And the said Managers and Directors, or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorized, required, and empowered, to cause any Person or Persons bringing or uttering such forged or counterfeited Ticket or Tickets, Certificate or Certificates, Order or Orders, as aforesaid, or aiding, abetting, aflisting, hiring, or commanding, any Person or Persons therein, to be apprehended, and to commit him, her, or them, to His Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate, or to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where such Person or Persons shall be so apprehended, to be proceeded against for the said Felony according to Law.

XII.	And be it further enabled, That if any Person or Persons who shall commit any such Offence or Offences as aforesaid, or be aiding, abetting, assisting, hiring, or commanding, any Person or Persons therein, shall afterwards (being out of Prison) discover any One or more Person or Persons who already have or hereafter ftiall commit, or be aiding, abetting, or concerned in, any such Offence or Offences as aforesaid, so as such Person or Persons so discovered be lawfully convicted of the same, such Discoverer shall have, and is hereby entitled to. His Majesty’s most gracious Pardon for such his or her Offences ; and moreover shall be entitled to a Reward of Fifty Pounds of lawful Money of Great B itain, for every such Offender so convicted, to be paid out of the Monies arising by virtue of this A£t, or any other the Aids or Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament for Great Britain or Ireland refpeCtively, as the Case may be, immediately upon such Conviction, as aforesaid.

1	XIII- Provided

Hostect

470 GEO. III. Self. 2,

357

C.9.

’ XIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enabled. That no Attainder for any of the Offences aforesaid shall make or work any Corruption of Blood, Loss of Dower, or Diflierifon of Heirs.

- XIV. And be it further enacted, That every Person that /hall be appointed as aforesaid to be a Manager and Director for putting this Act in Execution, before his a£ting in such Commission (except the adminiflering the Oath immediately herein-after mentioned), shall take the Oath following ; (that is to say,)

c T A.B. as a Manager and Director of the Lotteries to be drawn < A under the Authority of an Act of Parliament made in the Forty-‘ seventh Year of His Majesty’s Reign, do swear, That I will faith-

*	fully execute the Trull reposed in me ; and that I will not use any c indirect Art or Means, or permit or direct any Person to use any

*	indirect Art or Means, to obtain a Prize or Fortunate Lot in any c of the said Lotteries, for myself, or any other Person whatsoever ; c and that I will do the utrnofl of my Endeavours to prevent any c undue or sinister Practice to be done by any Person whatsoever ; c and that I will, to the bell of my Judgement, declare to whom any c Prize, Lot, or Ticket of Right does belong, according to the 4 true Intent and Meaning of the said AdtP

Which said Oath shall and may be administered by any Two or more of the other Managers and Directors.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to receive from the Adventurers, or their Executors, Ad-miniftrators, Successors, or Alligns, the Monies to be by them respectively paid on Account of the said Lotteries or any Tickets therein, either at One entire Payment, or in such Proportions, and by such Inflalments, as shall have been fixed and directed, by the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, or any Three or more of them as aforesaid ; and upon the Receipt of Part only of such Monies, the said Cashier or Cashiers shall give a Note or Receipt under his or their Hand or Hands, for the Sum or Sums received; and shall be obliged thereby, and by this Act, to give the Bearer of every such Note or Receipt a Ticket or Tickets, of the extreme Column of the Three Columns Book or Books aforesaid, as soon as such Person or Persons, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Sue-ccffors, or Assigns, shall have paid and answered to the said Cashier or Cashiers the Whole of his, her, or their Coniideration Money, to be paid in full for such Ticket or Tickets. -

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That in case any Adventurer, who shall have advanced and paid down to such Cashier or Cashiers a Proportion of his, her, or their Coniideration Money, towards the said Lotteries, or his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Suc-ceffors, or Assigns, do not advance and pay unto such Cashier or Cashiers the remaining Part of his, her, or their Coniideration Money, to be paid in full for such Ticket or Tickets, on or before the Times appointed for paying thereof; then, and in every such Case, every such Adventurer shall forfeit and lose to His Majesty, for the Use of the Publick, the Proportion of his, heri or their Purchase Money, which he, {he, or they shall have so paid down as aforesaid towards the said Lotteries; and in such Case the Ticket and Tickets, which should have been delivered to the Person or Persons making such

47 Geo. Ill,	S	Default,

Proviso,

Managers to be sworn.

The OatlW

Calhier may receive the Suq& subscribed, giving a Note for the same, which shall entitle the Bearer to Tickets,

Contributors not makings good their Payments within the Times limited forfeit their Depolits ; and the Tickets to be returned to the Managers, &c*

25$	C.	9.	47°	GEO.	III.	SeiT.	a.	A.D.1807,

Default, had they paid the full Money for the same, shall be returned or delivered to the said Managers and Directors, by the said Cashier or Cashiers, together with the other Tickets (if any), in the outermofc Column of the Book or Books first herein mentioned and directed to be prepared, which shall not have been disposed o-f as aforesaid ; and fucli Ticket and Tickets, upon and for which such Default of Payment shall have been made as aforesaid, shall be delivered into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, with other the said undisposed Tickets (if any), there to be retained and kept as Cash, and to be iff vied, fold, and disposed of, for the Purposes and in the Manner herein-before directed and appointed with respect to the said undisposed Tickets, and the Adventurer and Adventurers, making such Default, shall not have or receive, or be entitled to have or receive, any Benefit or Advantage for or in refpedh of the Money which he, file, or they fnall have paid for or towards the Purchase of such Ticket or Tickets.

Treasury may XVII. And be it further enacted, That out of the Monies to reward the	arife by the Contributions to the said Lotteries, or out of any other

as	t^le Aids or Supplies granted in this Session cf Parliament for Great

Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight Hundred and seven, it shall be lawful for any Three or more of the said Lords Com-mifiioners of theTreafuryto reward the faidManagers and Directors, and the Clerks and Officers to be employed by and under them, and any other Officers and Persons that shall and may be any Ways employed jn this Affair, for their Labour and Pains, and to discharge such incident Expences as shall necessarily attend the Execution of this Act, in such Manner as any Three or more of the said Lords Com-miffioners shall, from Time to Time, think fit and reasonable in that Behalf.

Fortunate Tickets to be exchanged fxr Certificates, and Manage! s to give Notice of the Time for exchanging the fama.

Certificates to be numbered, &c.

XVIII. And be it further enacted. That the Fortunate or Benefit Tickets, in the said Lottery or Lotteries respectively, shall be exchanged for Certificates; expreffmg and certifying the Sums of Money, to which the Proprietors thereof shall be entitled, within Two Months after the Conclusion of the Drawing of such Lottery or Lotteries re-fpedtively, or as soon afterwards as such Certificates can be prepared; 2nd that such of the said Managers and Directors, as any Three or more of the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury shall appoint to take in the Fortunate or Benefit Tickets, and deliver out Certificates in lieu thereof, shall, as soon as may be, give Notice by Advertife-ment, to be printed and published in such Manner as they shall think fit, of the Days and Times appointed for taking in the said Fortunate or Benefit Tickets* and delivering out the said Certificates for and in lieu of the same ; and every Certificate shall be numbered in Course, according to the Time of bringing the Tickets, to the Managers and Direflors so to be appointed for exchanging the same ; to which Purpose fucli Managers andDiredfors shall enter, or cause to be entered, in a Book or Books to be by them kept for that Purpose, the Name of the Person who shall bring any such Ticket or Tickets, to be exchanged for such Certificate or Certificates, and the Number or Numbers of the Ticket or Tickets which shall be so brought, the Sum or Sums of Money payable thereupon, and the Day of the Month, and the Year of our Lord, when brought; which Book or Books shall lie open in the Office to be appointed for taking in the

said

2J9

A.D. 1807.	470 GEO. III. Self. 2.	C.	9.

said Tickets to be exchanged for such Certificates, for all Persons concerned to peruse; all which Certificates shall be signed by the Managers and Diretffors so to be appointed, or the major Part of them, and be directed to the Chief Cafiiier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, and shall entitle the Holders thereof to receive the Sums therein expressed, on Demand, and without any Dedudlion what-foever.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That out of the Monies arising from the said Lotteries, or out of any of the Aids or Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament for Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven; or out of the Con-folidated Fund of Great Britain, any Three or more of the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury shall have Power to difcliarge all such incident Charges, not hereby otherwise provided for, as shall neceffarffiy attend the Execution of this A ft, in such Manner as to them shall seem just and reasonable ; and also to fettle and appoint such Allowances as shall be thought proper for the Service, Pains, and Labour, of the said Cashier or Cashiers, and any other Person or Persons, for receiving, paying, and accounting fo-, the said Contributions, and for performing the Trust hereby reposed in him or them ; all which-Allowances to be made as aforesaid, in refpefi of the Service, Pains, and Labour, of any Officer or Officers of the said Governor and Company, shall be for the Use and Benefit of the said Governor and Company, and at their Disposal only.

XX.	And be it further enacted, That no Fee, Regard, or Gratuity whatsoever, shall be demanded or taken of any of His Majeity’s Subjects for receiving or paying any Contribution Monies, or any of them, or for any Receipts concerning the same, or for iffumg any Money payable in respect of any Fortunate or Beriefit Tickets, upon Pain that any Officer or Person offending, by taking or demanding any such Fee, Reward, or Gratuity, shall, for every such Offence, for-feit the Sum of Twenty Pounds to the Party aggrieved, with full Coils of Suit; to be recovered by ACdon of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Weftminjlcr? wherein no Effoign, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, Injunction, or Order of Restraint, or any more than One Imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

XXL And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Perion to attend at the Place of drawing the Tickets in any of the Lotteries to be drawn by virtue of this Act, for the Purpose of taking down the Numbers of the Tickets as the same shall be drawn, or the Benefits to belong to the same, unless such Person shall be e mployed as a Clerk for that Purpose by the said Managers and Directors, or unless such Person shall be licensed so to do by One or more of the Commissioners for the Time being for managing the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, by Writing under their Hands.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall be licensed by the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties to attend for the Purpose aforesaid, shall be entitled to receive from the said Commissioners, or their Officers, on paying a reasonable Price for the same, proper Numerical Books containing the Numbers of the Tickets in the said refpeCBve Lotteries in Arithmetical Progression as aforesaid ;

Trrafury to defray the incident;! Expences aitendffig the Execution of this A<51.

No Fee to be taken for receiving or paying Con tribal i >n Monies for Receipts,&c. on Penalty of 20I.

No Persons to takedown the Numbers of the Tickets at the Time of Drawing, unless em ployed as a Ciei k by the M magers or liccnied so to do.

Persons so licensed to receive from the Stamp Office Numerical Books, which itia 11 be damped on every Leak

%6o

C* p»

4?° GEO. III. SeiT.

A.D.1807.

down or pub]ithing the Kum&er of Tickets drawn*

Cornmiflwsver* every of which Books shall exceed in Length Twenty-one Inches, Licen^sTnl	'm Breadth Seventeen Inches, and shall be bound in fhifF milled

o» account of Boards, and shall be damped and marked on every Leaf thereof by iirenfed Lottery a proper Stamp or Mark, to be provided and used for that Purpose by OSces.	the said Commissioners, or their Officers ; and the said Commissioners,

Peoalty <m or any One of them, shall have Power and Authority to grant such Persons taking Licences, and Books, to such Persons, who iliall be duly ticenfed to share Tickets and issue Chances in the Manner he rein-after mentioned, and who shall deposit and divide into Shares, in the Manner hereinafter expreffed* Thirty Tickets or more in the said Lottery or Lotteries respectively, before the Drawing begins, and to such other Persons adfing for them refpe£tively, as the said Commissioners shall approve; and if any Person present at the Drawing of any or either of the said Lotteries, (not being duly authorized or licensed in Manner aforesaid), shall, at such Time and Place, take or fet down in Writing the Number or Numbers of any Ticket or Tickets, when or after the same shall be drawn, or any Figure or Mark to denote the same, or shall make or begin to make any Register or Lift in Writing of the Numbers of any Tickets, which shall have been drawn on the Day of making or beginning to make, or of carrying on such Register or'Lift, or shall knowingly have in his or her Custody or PofTeftion, or •in his, her, or their House, Shop, Office, or Place, any printed or ■written Register or Lift of the Numbers of the Tickets in the said Lotteries, or of any Part thereof, whether drawn or undrawn, with any Marks, Letters, Figures, or Numbers thereon, marking or denoting the Order or Time of drawing any such Tickets drawn on the same Day, or the Benefits to which any such Tickets may be entitled hj virtue of this Act, other than such complete numerical Register or Lift in Books of the refpe&iye Dimensions before mentioned, and stamped in the Manner aforesaid, or such numerical Lift of each Day’s drawing, a« shall be printed and published under the Authority of this A£t, by the said Managers and Directors ; or if any Person or Persons whatever shall, unless with the special Permission in Writing of One of such Managers as aforesaid, publish or eaufe to be publiffied, during the Hours of drawing the said Lotteries, any Lift, Register, or Slip, containing the Number or Numbers of any Ticket or Tickets, drawn on the Day of publishing the same, or any Marks, Letters, or Figures, to denote the same, or shall publish, or eaufe or procure to be publiihed, any Lift or Register of Tickets, wherein the Numbers of any Tickets, o any Marks, Letters, or Figures shall be placed to denote the Time of Day, or Order in which any Tickets shall be drawn, and with Intent to denote the same, or shall in any other Manner publish the Number or Numbers of any such Ticket or Tickets, every such Person so offending, and being lawfully convi<£led thereof, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds ; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Mayor, or any of the Aldermen of the City of London, or any Justice of the Peace or Magiftrale, upon Complaint made upon Oath, or solemn Affirmation, of any Offence jFew apprehending committed against this Ad, in any of the Particulars before men-4>&snsie»e. tioned, whereby such pecuniary Penalty as aforesaid may become forfeited, to issue his Warrant for apprehen. ling such Offender 5 and every such Register or Lift or Copy as aforesaid, made contrary to the Directions of this Ad* (hail be forfeited, and shall and may be seised by

any

On Complaint the Ma-gi&rates of London or any jpHtice may great Warrants

47° GEO, IIL SeiE %.

C*.

any Conffable or other Officer of the Peace, or by any Person employed by the said Commissioners of the Stamp Duties in the Execution of the several A£b for the Regulation of Lotteries, and upon Produ&ion thereof before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, such Justice or Juftice9 shall and may by his or their Order in Writing, direct the same to be detained, or otherwise, iF he or they shall think ft to be destroyed; and if any Person or Persons shall be found or discovered in the actual Commission of any such Offence, it shall and maybe lawful for any Person whatever to apprehend on the Spot the Person or Persons so offending, and to convey, or cause to be conveyed, before One of the Magistrates aforesaid, the Person or Persons so apprehended, to be proceeded against in such Manner as is herein directed ; and when any Person or Persons shall be apprehended, or brought before any of the Magistrates aforesaid for any such Offence, it shall and may be lawful for such Magistrate to proceed to examine into the Circumstances of the Case ; and upon due Proof, upon Oath, or solemn Affirmation, of any such Offence committed against this Act, to give Judgement or Sentence accordingly; and where the Party accused shall be convicted of such Offence, and such Penalty shall not be immediately paid, to commit such Offender to Prifonfor any Space of Time not exceeding Fourteen Days, nor less than Five Days, without Bail or jVJainprize, and without Appeal, or until such Penalty shall be satisfied ; and every such Penalty, when paid upon Conviction, shall be applied to the Use of the Informer or Informers, or Person or Persons apprehending or bringing such Offender or Offenders before such Magistrate, and the Conftabie or Constables concerned in apprehending or securing such Offender or Offenders, in such Proportions as such Magistrate shall direct.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses, to give Evidence before such Magistrate, touching any of the Matters relative to this Adi, either on the Part of the Prosecutor or of the Person or Persons accused, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for such his, her, or their Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed of by such Magistrate before whom the Prosecution shall be depending, or appearing shall refuse to give Evidence, then every such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be levied and paid in such Manner, and by such Means, as is herein-before directed as to other Penalties.

XXIV.	And be it further enadfed, That the Magistrate before whom any Offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said Conviction to be made out in the Manner and Form following, or in any other Form of Words to the like Effect ( jji at at is mutandis) 5 that is to say,

E it remembered, That on	at

A, B. of	was	duly	convidled before me

of having committed an Offence against the Form of an Adi of Parliament, made in the Forty-feventh Year of the Reign of Flis present Majesty, jar granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries ; for which Offence I do adjudge that the said A. B. hath fori >ited the Sum of to be distributed in Manne j following; (that is to say), [here Jet

S 3	4	o	u-$

261

Persons in the a<ff ual

CommifEori of such Offence may be

apprehended by any Person and c3rried before a Magiffraie, who may commit the Offender if Penalty be no* paid.—

Application of such Penalty*

Penalty ora Persons summoned as Witnesses not appearing, &c.

Convi<ffions to be made oik in] the following

Form*

2 6%

C. 9.	47®	GEO.	III.	Seff.	2.	A.	D.	1807.

Penalty may be mitigated.

dor.visions nbt remov-abie.

Persons before dealing in Lottery Tickets shall take out a Licence as , herein dire£led.

CommifTioners for Stamps in England and CommifTioners appointed in Ireland shall grant Licences for Lottery Offices, on Payment of Duty.

Liccsce to continue in force t)!l the Expiration ■ r" the Drawing of the Lotteries.

N-. L icence to be granted for any Lottery Office within the Uni-verfirit' cifOxford a:id Cambridge.

c out the Proportions to he paid by the Magiflrdle]. Given under my ‘ Hand and Seal the Day and Year first above written.’

Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Magistrate, where he shall fee Cause, to mitigate and lessen any such Penalty as he shall think fit (reafonable Costs and Charges of the Officers and Informers as well in making the Discovery as in pro-fecuting the same, being always allowed over and above such mitigated Penalty), and so as such Mitigation do not reduce the Penalty to less than a Moiety of the Penalty incurred over and above the said Costs and Charges, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding ; and no fuck Conviction shall be removeable by Certiorari into any Court whatever.

XXV.	And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall divide Tickets in the said Lotteries into Shares, or issue such Chances as are by this Act permitted, or register the Numbers of any Tickets in the Lotteries authorized by this Act, or either of them, without first taking out a Licence for that Purpose from the Com-miftioners for managing the Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, for the Time being in England, for Persons resident in Great Britain; or from the CommifTioners for managing the Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, for the Time being in Ireland, for Persons refidehc in Ireland; and the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties in England^and such CommifTioners as aforesaid in Irelandrefpec-tively, or any Two of them respectively, are hereby empowered and required by Writing under their Hands and Seals to grant such Licence, to all and every Person and Persons who shall apply for the same, and be approved of by the said CommifTioners refpediively; but previously to the Delivery of any such Licence, and before it shall have any effeD, there shall be paid, over and above all other Payments to which the Person or Persons taking out such Licence may be respectively liable, by any other A Ft of Parliament, whether as Brokers or other-wife, a Stamp Duty of Fifty Pounds; and the Duties payable in refpecd of such Licences shall be paid at the respective Stamp Offices in London and Dublin respectively, where such Licence shall be granted, and shall be applied towards defraying the Expences of the StampOfHce, where the same shall have been received, in executing this Adi, and otherwise in Manner berein-after prescribed.

XXVI.	And be it further enabled, That every such Licence shall be upon Paper or Parchment, stamped with a Stamp denoting the Payment of the Duty of Fifty Pounds hereby imposed, and shall fet forth the true Name and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons taking out the same; and also the particular House or Place where such Business shall be carried on ; and such Licence shall continue in force until after the Expiration of the Drawing of the last of the Lotteries to be drawn under the Authority of this Aft, arid no longer; and every Person adding or dealing in any of the Matters therein contained after the Expiration of such Licence shall be confide red in every rjpfpedLas an unheenfed Person.

XXVII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Licence shall be granted to any Person within the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge. or either of them ; and if any Licence shall be granted to any Person within either of the said Universities, it shall he void and of no EfFedt ; and the Person or Persons adding under such Li cence shall be liable to the lame Penalty as an unlicensed Person.

XXVIII. And

Hosted by

A.D. 1807.

470 GEO. III. SelT.2.

C.9.

26:

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That all and every Persons and Person to whom such lad-mentioned Licence or Licences shall be granted in Great Britain or Ireland refpcftively, pnrfuant to this A£t, shall depolit at the Office or Place to be appointed in Manner herein--after mentioned by the Commissioners of Stamp Duties in England and Ireland respectively, and divide into Shares, Thirty whole undrawn Tickets in each of the Lotteries established as a fore fa id, for every such Licence granted to him, her, or them according to the true Intent and Meaning of this A£t, and every such Licence, for which no such Deposit shall be made, shall be void and of no effect; and every Person ariting under any such Licence, in any of the Matters therein contained, after such Default made, shall be adjudged and considered in every respect as an unlicensed Person ; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners in England and Irela?id respectively, upon every such Default, to cause to be. published the Names and Places of Abode, and the Description of the Offices of such Persons or Person making such Default as aforesaid, in the London or Dublin Gazette> refpedrivelv, and declare therein the Time when such Default was made, and such Forfeiture shall take place from the Time of such Publication.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted, That all and every Person -and Persons who shall divide Tickets into Shares, or iiTue Chances, or register the Numbers of such Tickets, without the Authority of such Licence as aforesaid, or in any other Floufe or Place bdides that named in the Licence, or in any other Manner contrary to such Licence, or to the Intent and Meaning of this A 61, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of One hundred Pounds,

XXX.	And be it further enacted, That every Person, to whom any such Licence shall be granted, shall perfonaliy appear before the said Commissioners of Stamps, in England or Ireland refpeCifoely, or such Person or Persons as they shall refpeclivcly appoint, and shall then and there, at the Time of granting such Licence or Licences, give Security by Bond to Flis Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in the Sum of One thou sand Pounds, and that the Condition of every such Bond shall be, that if the Persons or Person so be iieenfed shall, during the Term of iuch Licence, well and truly conform to and observe all the Regulations and Provisions of this Act, and shall not offend again ft the same, then such Bond shall be void, or otherwise to be and remain in full Force and Effest; and the said Commissioners of Stamps, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to take such Bond; and if at the End of Twelve Calendar Months after the Expiration of the Time for which such Licence shall be granted, it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the said refpeftiveCommiffioners of Stamps, that such Persons or Person fq to Iieenfed have or hath, during the Term of such Licence, well and truly keot, fulfilied, and performed the Condition of such Bond/inch Commissioners may deliver up such Bond to be cancelled, or otherwise, at their Discretion, cause every such Bond to be put in Suit.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted, That, upon the Death of any Person so Iieenfed as aforesaid, during the Term of such Licence or Licences, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of the Stamp Duties, in their Discretion to authorize and empower the jLxejcutors or Administrators, or the Wife, Child, gr the Fleir at Law

S 4.	of

tnccnfcrl Persons in Gieat Britain or Ireland Chali deposit rind divide in Shary* 50 Tickets in each of the Lotteries, or Licence IhnII be void,

Persons (haring Tickets, contrary to Licence th ill forfeit loqI.

Persons to who% Licences a e granted to give security by Bond.

, & c.

Executon m v be authniizcd to can v 0.1 B; 1 ii n•; i»

iov the r\,■ fi-Lio

of the Tci in of Licences,.

i«4

47° GEO. III. SeiT.2.

A.D.1807.

Persons convicted of Offences shall forfeit their Licence.

Persons counterfeiting Licences, or using such as are counterfeit, shall fork it 500I. <Scc.

Ho Chances of any Tickets for any less Time

than the whole Time ofDrawing shall be fold, or Jnfurance made for or against the Drawing of any Ticket ; nor shall any Person pubjifh any Proposal for such Purpose, on Penalty of

50]. See.

of such deceased Person, being entitled unto the Poffefiion of the Premises, in which the Bufmefs respecting such Lotteries was to be carried on, under such Licence or Licences, or any of them, to continue such Business for the Residue of the Term for which such Licence or Licences was or were granted in the same Premises, without taking out a new Licence or Licences during the Residue of the said Term, but subject to and under the same Terms, Conditions, Rules, and Regulations, as such Licence or Licences was or were originally granted, and also subject to a Renewal of the Bond for the securing the due Performance thereof, by such Representatives respectively, during the Residue of such Term.

XXXII.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, to whom any such Licence or Licences as aforesaid shall be granted, shall be prosecuted and convicted of any Offence against this Adi, whether on Prosecution of the Bond to be given in pursuance of this Adi, or for any Penalty under this Adi, or as a Rogue and Vagabond, such Conviction shall operate as a Forfeiture of such Licence or Licences, and from thenceforth the same shall be void ; and the said Commissioners of Stamps where the same shall have been granted, may, if they shall think fit, refuse to grant to the Person or Persons so convicted any Licence in future.

XXXIII.	And be it further enacted. That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall forge or counterfeit, or cause to be forged or counterfeited, or afiifl in forging or counterfeiting any Licence, authorized to be made by this Adi for the Puipofe aforesaid, or shall fraudulently alter or cause to be altered, or afiifl in altering any t such Licence, as shall be really granted under this Adi, or shall knowingly make use of any such forged, counterfeited, or altered Licence, such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, OneMoiety thereof to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him that shall prosecute orfue for the same, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Wejhmnjler, in relation to Licences granted in Great Britain, and at Dublin as to Licences granted in Ireland, in which no Efloign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and shall also be lubjedl to Imprisonment for such Term not exceeding Six Months as the Court in which the Party offending shall be convicted, shall appoint,

XXXIV.	And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to fell the Chance of the Benefit which may belong to any Ticket, in any Lottery to be drawn in pursuance of this Adb, for any less Time than the whole Time of drawing then to come, or to fell any other Chance whatsoever of any Benefit, which may belong to any fuch?Ticket, other than and except such as is herein-after expressly permitted ; or to ensure for or against the drawing of any such Ticket or Tickets, or to receive any Money or Goods, in Consideration of any Agreement to repay any Sum or Sums or to deliver the same or other Goods, if any such Ticket or Tickets shall prove fortunate or unfortunate, or on any Chance or Event relative to the drawing of any such Ticket or Tickets, whether as to their being drawn fortunate or unfortunate, or the Time of their being drawn, or otherwise howsoever; or under any Pretence, Device, Form, or Description whatsoever, to ^promife or agree Lto pay any

Sujq

A.D. 1807,	47° GEO. Ill* Seff. 2.	C. 9.	265

Sum or Sums, or to deliver any Goods, or to do or forbear doing any Thing for the Benefit of any Person or Persons, whether with or without Consideration, on any Event or Contingency relative or applicable to the drawing of any such Ticket or Tickets, or to publish any Proposal for any of the Purposes aforesaid ; and if any Person or Persons shall offend against this Act in any of theMatteis aforesaid, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and the Contract in every such Case shall be void ; and every Person so offending, if not licensed to divide Tickets into Shares in the Manner aforesaid, shall also be deemed a Rogue and Vagabond, and shall be punished as such, in the Manner herein-after directed.

XXXV.	And be it further enaTed, That if any Person or Persons Ju Mrs tJ shall fell any Share or Shares of any Ticket or Tickets in any Lottery a^y 5"^ to be drawn in pursuance of this A6L in any other Proportion or than Halyes, Proportions than One Half, Quarter, Eighth, or Sixteenth Part or Quar-eis,

Share only ; or shall publish any Proposal or Scheme for felling any Eighths, and Share or Shares, or enter into any Agreement or Agreements for any

Share or Shares of any Ticket or Tickets, in the said respective Lot- Cn,< ^ ° ^ *

teries in any other Proportion than One Half, Quarter, Eighth, or

Sixteenth Part or Share, such Person or Persons shall, for every such

Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and shall also be

deemed a Rogue and Vagabond, or Rogues and Vagabonds, and shall

be punished as such in the Manner herein-after directed.

XXXVI.	And be it further enacted, That every Share or Agreement for a Share of every Ticket so to be divided shall have written or printed thereon. Words or Figures to this Efsect; that is to say,

‘ THIRST [SECOND, THIRD, FOURTH] LOTTERY Form of share* tf Jk for the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven.	of Tickets.

f or as the Share may he,)

*	The Bearer of this Share will be entitled to One

f	Part of such Benefit as shall belong to the Ticket num-

* bered as above, in the First, Second, Third, or Fourth Lottery, [as

*	the Case may he'], to be drawn in Great Britahiby virtue of an Act,

■ palled in the Forty-feventh Year of the Reign of His present

*	Majefty.’

XXXVII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Chances to be of any Person or Persons, so licensed as aforesaid, to issue and fell the the Allowing Chance of any particular Benefit or Benefits, that may belong to any Ticket, in any of the.said Lotteries, or the Chance of all the Benefits that may belong to any such Ticket except any particular Benefit or Benefits which shall be specified, and that every such Chance or Agreement for such Chance, shall be made out, written, or printed in Words or Figures to this Effect 5 that is to say,

f FIRST*

266	C.f.	47-	GEO.	III.	Self.	2.	A.D.	1807.

Farm.

<' I^IRST, [SECOND, THIRD, or FOURTH], LOTTERY, ‘ for 1S07.	TVT°^-—■	■	—

f The Bearer of tins Chance will receive the Ticket numbered as c above, now deposited at the Stamp Office in London [or Dublin, as i the Case may &?], if entitled to any Benefit above or under 6	Founds, (or to any Benefit whatever, save and except,

c Jpec\fy'luS the Exception, as the Case may be).	A.	B,

< Lkenfed as the A£t directs.*

Si.arcs and Cnances Pc-'. 11 ke damped.

Per Tons

emu n U rfriting Stares, kc.

ot Felony.

^ommiffione; s cl Sr., mp', lli a 11 * ^abii(>, an Other;.- in London or Dublin for the Deposit of Tickttsintended t>e fold in Shares.

Receive! General to give a Receipt *°i me same ;

XXXVIII,	And be it further enacted, That every such Share or Agreement for a Share, and every such Chance or Agreement for a Chance, of any Ticket as afore laid, shall be written or printed on a Piece of Paper or Parchment, which shall be impressed with some Mark, Device, or Stamp, to bo for that Purpose prescribed by the ‘ Commillioners of Stamps in England or Ireland respectively.

XXXIX.	And be it further enabled, That if any Person or Per-fens shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or fnall willingly act or afiift in the forging or counterfeiting, any Share or Shares, Chance or Chances, or any Agreement or Agreements for any Share or Shares, Chance or Chances respectively, of any Ticket or Tickets in any Lottery to be drawn in pursuance of this Act ; or alter any Number, Figure, Word, or Stamp, therein or thereon ; or shall knowingly utter, vend, barter, or dispose of any such forged, counterfeited, or altered Share or Shares, Chance or Chances, or Agreement or Agreements fqr any Share or Shares, Chance or Chances of any Ticket or Tickets, with Intent to defraud any Person or Persons, then, and in every inch Case, all and every Person and Persons so offending, and being thereof duly convineed, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and suffer as a Felon.

XL. f And, the more effectually to prevent Abuses in the felling ‘ of Shares or Chances of Lottery Tickets/ be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for managingthe Duties on damped Vellum,, Parchment, and Paper in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, or any Three or more of them, shall immediately after the pafling of this A6R appoint or e.ftablifli some Office or Place, at or in the Head Office of the said Commissioners in London or Dublin refpeciively, for the De-poiit of Tickets intended to be fold in Shares or Chances $ and every Ticket in any such Lottery as aforesaid, before it shall be divided into, Shares, or before any such Chance thereof as aforesaid shall be fold* shall be brought to the said Office, and be there depolited, and left with the Receiver General of His fviajefty’s Stamp Duties in England or Ireland respectively, or some Person or Persons to be appointed by him to receive the same, and who is and are hereby authorised and required to receive the same refpe61ively,

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the said Receiver General of His Majesty’s Stamp Duties in England or Ireland refpe6lively, or such Person or Persons so to be appointed by him to receive Tickets* to be divided in Shares or fold in Chances, shall, upon the Receipt, of any such Ticket, or any Number of Tickets, give a Receipt in Writing for the same 3 which E_ecei,pt shall express the Day of receiving thq Ticket or Tickets, the Lottery to which the Ticket or Tickets shall belong, the Number or Numbers of the Ticket or Tickets so received?

A.D.1807.

470 GEO. III. SeIT.2,

267

€• 9*

eeived, and the Name or Names of the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, and also that such Ticket or Tickets is or are received in pursuance of this Act, and doth or do accordingly remain in the Hands of the said Receiver General, or such Person or Persons to be appointed by him to receive the same, to be disposed Lof as is hereby direbled.

XLIL Provided always, and be it further enabled, That no such which Receipt Receipt for any Ticket as aforesaid, shall be transferable or trans- fhalJ not be ferred, or assignable or assigned,either in Law or Equity, in any Manner traiIb!clIa or on any Pretence whatever, nor shall any Intereit or Property in any •fuch Receipt pass by any Transfer, Alignment, qr Deposit thereof, in any Manner or for any other Purpose whatever.

XLlII. And be it further enabled, That a Book or Books shall Books flia’l be be kept by the said Receiver General in England or Ireland refpec- kept by the lively, or the Person or Persons so to be appointed by him as afore- ^f.^Vr^1i"Lfurh said, who shall truly and fairly enter and regifterin such Book or Books the Number of every Lottery Ticket which shall be deposited in the m;iy be ir.fp^lcd said Office in pursuance of this Abt, together with the Name or Names on paying ad. of the Person or Persons who shall deposit such Ticket, and also the N umber of Shares into which any such Ticket shall be divided, and the Chance which shall be issued of any such Ticket as aforesaid ; and any Person shall and may from Time to Time, and at all feafoliable Times, resort to and infpebt such Book or Books on Payment of the Sum of Two-pence for every Number searched for, to the Person or Persons so to be appointed by the said Receiver General as aforesaid ; and the Money arising from such Payment shall be paid and applied in defraying the Expences of the Stamp Office in executing this Act, and otherwise in Manner herein-after specially provided.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That, upon the leaving and Receiver Genera 1 depositing of any Lottery Ticker, at or in the said Office, with the be paid 2d. said Receiver General in England or Ireland respectively, or such Per-fon or Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid, for the Purposes afore- w]i‘ich t^e Ticket; said, the Person or Persons who shall so leave and deposit the same deposited (haR shall pay to the said Receiver General, or the Person or Persons so to be divided, be appointed by him as aforesaid, the Sum of Two-pence for every Share into which such Ticket shall be divided, or for the Chance which shall be issued thereupon, as aforesaid.

XLV. And be it further enabled, That if any Person or Persons Persons felling shall at any Time or Times fell or agree to fell any Share or Shares, Shares or Chance or Chances, of any Ticket or Tickets, in any such Lottery as aforesaid, other than by a written or printed Agreement on a Piece damped P^per3 of Paper, Vellum, or Parchment, damped or marked by such Officer &c. (Ml or Officers, and in such Manner as by this Act is before described, he, forfeit 50I. she, or they, so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum pi Fifty Pounds, and shall be deemed a Rogue and Vagabond, or Rogues and Vagabonds, and shall be punished as such in the Manner herein-after direbled.

XLVI. And be it further enabled, That every Ticket so depo- Tickets so filed as aforesaid in Great Britain or Ireland refpeblively, for the Pur- depofiiedm pose of being fold in Shares, shall be detained, and remain in the G,fat,

Custody of the Receiver General, or of the Person or Persons with the Pui-pofe of whom the same shall have been deposited as aforesaid, in pursuance of being (ukj in the Provisions of this Abl, until the Expiration of Three Days after Sn>n s shall

the C01Jdnue in

26 8

TofTeiTion of the IScecivetGcncral for the Periods i^«re i?i mciULoneck

Tickets deported may he delivered back c-n the Chances being produced.

Regulations for delivering up Tickets

departed, which have been fold in Chances.

Application of me Fees received at the

C. 9.	47° GEO. III. SdT. 2. A.D. 1S07,

the Day bn which the same shall be drawn, if not entitled to a' greater Benefit than Fifty Pounds, or until the Expiration of Fourteen Days after the Day on which the same shall be drawn, if entitled to a greater Benefit than Fifty Pounds ; at the Expiration of which Time, the same shall be delivered back to the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, or his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, on returning the Receipt which shall have been given for the same as aforesaid: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for any Person holding any Share or Shares in any such Ticket, to give Notice to the said Receiver General, or Person or Persons in whose Custody the same shall be, not to deliver or return the same, until such Share or Shares, ortheValue thereof, fhal! have been paid and Satisfied, or Security given for the Payment thereof, to the Satisfakion of the CommiSigners of Stamps jn Great Britain or Ireland refpekively ; and thereupon k fiiall be law*-tul for the said Receiver General, or the Person or Ferfons having the Custody of the Ticket, in refpek whereof such Notice shall be given, and he and they are hereby refpekively required upon such Notice, and upon such Share or Shares being depoiited with the Receiver General, or such other Person as aforesaid, to detain such Ticket accordingly, until the Share or Shares so depoiited shall be paid or satisfied, or such Security given as aforesaid ; and in Default thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Receiver General, or other Person having the Custody of such Ticket, to receive the Prize Money or Benefit which may belong thereto, when the same shall become payable under this Ak, and to pay a due Proportion thereof to the Person or Persons who shall have deposited such Share or Shares, and the Refidneto the original Proprietor or Proprietors of such Ticket; and in case anyTicket so deposited as aforesaid, shall remain unclaimed at the End of Two Years from the Day of the Drawing thereof, the Prize Money or Benefit belonging thereto shall be received by the said Receiver General for the Time being, and be applied in defraying the Expences of the Stamp Office in executing this Act; and otherwise in such Manner as is herein-after mentioned.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enaiked, Thatitfliajl be lawful for the said Receiver General, or other Person., with whom any Ticket shall have been deposited by any licenfed'Person for the Purpose of ifiuing a Chance thereupon as aforesaid, to deliver back such Ticket, at any Time before the same shall be drawn, to the Person who shall have deposited the same, upon his producing the ftarnped Chance of any such Ticket, and also the Stamp Office Receipt for the same, to be cancelled.

XLVIII. And be it further enaked, That it shall be lawful for the said Receiver General or other Person in England or Ireland i^fpec-tively, with whom any Ticket shall have been deposited for the Purpose of ifiuing a Chance thereupon as aforesaid, to deliver such Ticket at the End of Fourteen Days after the same shall be drawn, either to the Holder of the Chance, if entitled thereto by virtue of such Chancej on delivering up the Chance to be cancelled, or to the original Proprietor of such Ticket, if the Holder of the Chance shall not be entitled thereto, on delivering up the Receipt, which shall have been given for the same as aforesaid, to be cancelled.

XL.IX. And be it further enaked, That all Duties, Fees, and Sums of Money which shall, under this Ak, be received at the Stamp

Office

Hosted by

AJX1807.	47®	GEO.	Ht Sefh 2.	C.	c?e

Office in Great Britain? or by any Officer er Officers thereof, in the Execution of the Trull r.epofed in such Officer or Officers, and of which the Application is not herein-before dire died, shall be received by or paid into the Hands of the Receiver General of the said Office for the Time being, and he shall keep a separate and distinct Account thereof, and thereout shall pay the Expence which the said Office shall be put to in executing this Aft, and also the Expences attending the Commission made forth for managing, diresting, and drawing the Lotteries ehablifhed by this Aft, in such Manner as by the said Commissioners of Stamps, or any Three or more of them, shall from Time to Time be appointed, but subject nevertheless to such Rules and Orders in respect to the same* as shall be given to the said Com-xniilioners from Time to Time by the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them ; and as to the Residue of such Sums of Money, the said Receiver General shall pay such Residue into the Receipt of the Exchequer, as soon as the Account thereof can be madp up for each Lottery; and in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of the Exchequer, there shall be provided and kept a Book or Books, in which all the Monies paid into the said Receipt under this Adi shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid gt payable to His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeilors, upon any other Account 5 and such Monies so paid into the said Receipt of the Exchequer under this Adi shall, from Time to Time be reserved for the Disposition of Parliament, and shall not be ilfued but by Authority of Parliament.

L. And be it further enacted, That a separate and distinct Account of all Duties, .Fees, and Sums of Money, which shall be received in Ireland under this Adi, shall he kept by the several proper Officers ; and that all such Monies shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland $. and that the Charges and Expences relating to the granting of Licences under this Act, or arising in Ireland, on account of the said Lotteries, ©r in the Execution of this Adi, shall he paid and defrayed out of the said Consolidated Fund* in such Manner as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being shall order and direct.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majeftyys Treasury, or any Three or more of them, to stipulate and direct that a certain Number of the Prizes or Benefits, in any or either of the Lotteries, in which the Tickets to be fold in pursuance of this Adi shall be drawn, shall consist, either of One or more Ticket or Tickets (to be appropriated and fet apart for that Purpose) in any or either of the same Lotteries, together with ail Benefits which shall belong thereunto ; or of One or more Ticket or Tickets (to be appropriated and fet apart for that Purpose) in any subsequent or fuppiementary Lottery or Lotteries, to be framed and drawn immediately after any or either of the said firft-mentioned or principal Lotteries,, together with all Benefits which shall belong thereunto ; in which fuppiementary Lottery or Lotteries, there shall be distributed, in Prizes or Benefits, such Part or Parts of the Sum of Money herein-before allotted for Prizes or Benefits, in the said firft-mentioned or principal Lotteries, and in such Manner as the ibiq Lords Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit and direct; And that the numbered Tickets, as well as the Prize

2f}g

Stamp Office is Great Britain*

Account shall 1>e kept iia the Auditor VO lice separate fYora other Monies.

Application of Money received on account of Licences to keep Lottery Offiecs in I re i and.

The Treasury authorized to direct that any of the Prizes in the faidLotteries shall con flit of Tickets in any of the same Lotteries or in any fupplemenr’ tary Lottery or Lotteries.

*7o

C. 9.

47° GEO. III. SefT. 2.

A.D. 1807-

or Fortunate Tickets and the Blank Tickets, in such Supplementary Lottery or Lotteries, /hall be prepared by the said Managers and Di-re£lors, and be put into different Boxes, and {ball be drawn out of such Boxes, in such and the like Manner, and such and the like Further Proceedings shall be had and taken thereupon, as is and are hereinbefore prescribed with regard to the said firft-mentioned or principal Lotteries, or as near thereto as Circumstances will permit; and the said Managers and Directors shall have the like Powers, with respect to the said supplementary Lotteries, as with respect to the said principal Lotteries: And it shall be lawful for the said Lords Com-miffioners, or any Three or more of them, to give such further Directions, and prescribe such further Regulations, for promoting and carrying into Execution the Object and Intention of this present Clause, as they shall think proper and expedient in that Behalf ;■ which Dire ion sand Regulations, being reduced into Writing, and signed by Three or more of the said Lords Commissioners, and pub-* lifhed in the London Gazette, shall be a£led upon by the said Managers and Directors, and all other Persons concerned, and shall be as valid and effectual in all refpeCts, as if the same had been inserted and enacted in this Act.

LII. And be it further enabled. That upon Complaint or Infor-matioi ade upon Oath, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace of any Offence committed against this Act in any House or Place within the JurifdiCtion of any such Justice or Juslices, whereby any

________	of the Offenders may be liable to Punishment as Rogues and Yaga-

liable to punifti- bonds, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice or Juslices, before whom such Oath shall be taken, if he or they shall judge it reasonable, by special Warrant under his or their respective Hands and Seals, to authorize and empower any Person or Persons, by Day or by Night, but if in the Night Time, then in the Presence of a Con-flable or other lawful Officer of the Peace, who are hereby required to be aiding or assisting therein, to break open the Doors, or any Part of such House or place where such Offence shall have been committed, and to enter into such House or Place, and to seize and apprehend all such Offenders, and all other Persons who shall be dif-covered in such House or Place, and who shall have knowingly aided or assisted, or been any wife concerned with any such Offender or Offenders in committing such Offence, and to convey them before any Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Diviflon, City, Liberty, or Place, wherein such Person shall be so apprehended, to be dealt with according to Law as aforesaid ; and all Persons who shall be discovered in such House or Place, knowingly aiding, aflisting, or anyways concerned with such Offender or Offenders, in carry-^TiToniPepal on anY Tranfa&ioji respecting the said Lotteries, or either of them, contrary to the express Provisions of this Act, shall be deemed Rogues and Vagabonds, and punishable as such in the Manner directed by this A£t, as the Case may require ; and it shall and may be lawful for the Officer or Officers having the Execution of such Warrant, and all other Persons acting in his or their Aid or Affistance, to Hop, arrest and detain, all and every the Person or Persons so discovered in such House or Place, and to convey the said Person and Persons before such Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid ; and if any Perfonsobftiufl- Person or Persons shall forcibly obftruCr, oppose, moleft| or hinder, ing Officers,	any

Oh Complaint on Oath of Offences against this A<5f, ■whereby the Parties may he

mejit as Hogues, justices may authorirePerfons to break open flouses, &c.

Persons

discovered in Inch Houses concerned in

Tran factions to fce punished as Roguesj

Penalty on

A.D.1807.	AtfGEO.m.	Scff.2.	C.9.	iji

any such Officer or Officers, or others acting in his or their Aid or

Assistance in the due Execution of their Duty, or in the due entering

into such House or Place or in the seizing, detaining, or conveying

before fugh Justice or Justices, any such Offender or Offenders, or

other Person or Persons as aforesaid, every such Person so obffrudfc-

ing, opposing, molesting, or hindering as aforesaid, shall be deemed

an Offender against Law and the public Peace, and the Court before

whom any such Offender shall be tried and convicted shall and may

order such Offender to be fined, imprisoned, and publickly whipped, persons employ-

as in their Discretion shall be thought fit; and all Persons, although ing or aiding

not discovered in such Ploufe or Place as aforesaid, who shall employ others to carry

or cause to be employed any Person or Persons in carrying on any on fayb i|lc£al

of the Transactions aforesaid, or in aiding or assisting any such Person Transitions to.

or Persons, shall be deemed Rogues and Vagabonds, and shall be Rog^^anc!

punifhable as such in the Manner directed by this Act.	Vagabonds.

LI1I. And be it further enadced. That all pecuniary Penalties for Manner in any Offence against this Adi, (except where it is herein otherwise which Aitions diredled), shall, when recovered, go and be applied to the Use of ior Pena*ly His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors ; and, from and after the Com- be comracnc^ mencement of this A£l, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whatever, except where it is herein othenvife directed, to commence or enter, or cause or procure to be commenced or entered, or filed, or prosecuted, any Action, Suit, Bill, Plaint, or Information, for the Recovery of any pecuniary Penalty or Penalties inflicted by this A£l, unless the same be commeneed, entered, filed, and prosecuted, in the Name of His Majesty’s Attorney General in the Court of Exchequer at Wrjlmlnjler, if such Offence shall be committed in England, or in the Name of His Majesty’s Attorney General in the Court of Exchequer at Dublin, if such Offence shall be committed in Ireland, or in the Name of His Majesty’s Advocate General in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, if such Offence shall be committed in Scotland; and if any Action, Suit, Bill, Plaint, or Information, shall be commenced or entered in any other Person’s Name or Names than as is before mentioned, the same, and all Proceeding thereupon had, are hereby declared to be null and void, and the said Court or Courts where such Proceeding shall be so commeneed, shall cause the same to be flayed ; any Law, Cirflom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

L1V. And be it further enacted, That upon every such Bill, Plaint, Farther Suit, or Information, a Capias or other Writ shall and may issue the Regulation* First Process, specifying therein the Amount of the Penalty or Pe-	**

nakies sued for, whereof an Affidavit shall be first duly made and filed. Penalties, and the Defendant and Defendants shall in such Case be obliged to give fufheient Bail or Security by natural-born Subjects, Persons naturalized, or Denizens, to the Person or Persons to whom such Capias or other Writ shall be directed, to appear in the Court out; of which such Process shall be issued at the'Day of the Return of such Process to answer such Suit or Frofecution ; and shall likewise at the Time of such Appearance give sufficient Bail or Security by such Persons as aforesaid in the said Court, to answer and pay all the Forfeitures and Penalties incurred for such Offence or Offences, together with the Colls of Suit, in case he, she, or they shall be con-yiSed thereof, or to yield his, her, or their Bodies to Prison : Pro-8	vided

Where the A mount of Penalties sued for is not inserted in Writs, the Defendants to be served with a Copy of the Froccf*, &c.

Offenders adjudged Rogues and Vagabonds may be committed.

•Proceedings not rcmoveable by Certiorari.

Persons sued may plead the General ilTue.

Treble Costs.

Irish A<£ls contradictory to this Act repealed ; arid those relating to Licences for keeping Odices to extend to this Act.

Act may be altered or repealed' this Sefiion..

C. 9.	470 GEO. IIIfc Self. 2.	A.D.	1807:

vided always, that the Bail herein-before required to be given shall in no case exceed the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Writ or Process shall issue against any Person or Persons for the Recovery of any Penalty or Penalties for any Offence committed against this Adi, and the Amount of the Penalty or Penalties sued for shall not be inserted therein, or no Affidavit thereof shall be made or filed according to the Directions of this Adi, the Plaintiff or Informer shall not proceed to arrest the Body or Bodies of the Defendant or Defendants, but it shall be lawful to serve him or them personally with a Copy of the Process, and to proceed therein in like Manner as in Cases of Debt, where the Cause of Action does not amount to the Sum of Ten Pounds in the said Courts respectively.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall be brought before any Two or more Justices of the Peace, and shall be convicted of any Offence or Offences against this Adi, by such Justices, whereby such Person shall be adjudged a Rogue and a Vaga* bond, then, and in every such Case, such Justices shall, and they are hereby required to order such Offender to be sent to the House of Corredlion, there to remain for any Space of Time, not exceeding Six Calendar Months, nor less than One Calendar Month,, and until the final Period of the Drawing of the Lottery, in respect whereof such Offence shall be committed ; and such Proceedings shall not be subject to Appeal, nor shall be removed or removeable by Certiorari or otherwise, into any Court whatever.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any Thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this Adi, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence, in his, her, or their Defence or Defencesand if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their Action or Pro-fecution, or be nonsuited, or Judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer, or otlierwife, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him, her, or them^ against any such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

LVIIL And be it further enacted, That so much and such Parts of any Adi or Adis in force in Ireland relating to Lotteries and Lottery Tickets, as is or are contradictory to or incompatible with this Act, shall be and the same is and are hereby repealed ; and that so much of any Adi or Adis in force in Ireland, as relates to the Stamp Duty on Licences to keep Lottery Offices in Ireland, shall be in force and shall be applied and put in Execution with respect to the Stamp Duty on Licences required by this Adi to be taken by Persons dividing Tickets into Shares, or issuing Chances pursuant to the Direction of this Adi.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That this Adi may be altered., varied, or repealed, by any Adi to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP,;

A.D.1807.

470 GEO.. III. SelT.2.

€■10.

273

the Export of fai'cd Beef or P^rk from Ireland.

CAP. X.

An Act for encouraging the Export of salted Beef and Pork

from Ireland♦	[25th. July J	807.]

P HERE AS the Export from Ireland of Beef and Pork salted in Ireland, ougut to be encouraged be it therefore enabled by the King’s moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in inis present Parliament aifembied, and by ttie Autiionty ol tile lame, That No Duty shall from and after the Expiration of Ten Days alter the palling of mis he p*yaWe ol> Aft no Duty whatever shall be pa d or payable on the Export from Ireland to any Place whatever 'of any salted Dees or Pork, salted in Ireland ; but that all Beef and Pork salted in Ireland Iliad ana may be exported free to any Place whatsoever, and witnout Pa} inent of any Cultoms, Subiidy, or ^nuty whatsoever ; any Tiling contained m any Act or Acts, in force in Ireland to the contrary tneieji in any-wile notwithilanding.

II.	4 And Whereas it is reasonable that an Allowance or Bounty in Allowance of 4 the way of Drawback should be made and allowed on the Exporta- I0rt* Perf 10

4 tion, except to Great Britain, of Beef and Pork laded in Ire.ana, lor expi.^ed°in lieu 4 and in rclpeft of trie Duties paia cn the Sait uied in the curing of Duty on i>ait 4 thereof;’ be it further enacted, That upon the Exportation Irom uieri in curing Ireland, to any Place except Great Britain, of any Beet or Pork salted the same, in Ireland, there shall be paid and allowed to the Exporters of fucu Beef or Pork an Allowance or Bounty, in the way of drawback for and in respect of the Duties charged urcn the Salt used in the ialting of such Beef or Pork, after the Rate of Ten-pence for each and every Hundred Pounds W eight thereof.

III.	And be it further enabled. That every Person who shall export Exporters (hill

such salted Beef or Pork under	this Aft shall give such Pond and enter &wc	^ J,,d>

into such Security, and fuch	Allowance or Bounty in the way of d®

Drawback shall be paid at such Time and in such Maimer and upon | 31, 32,^ s/33. such Conditions and under and lubjeft to iuch Rules, Regulations,

Rellriftions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and such Certificates and other

Proofs shall be produced by such Exporters of the landing of such Beef or Pork at the Port of its Belli nation ; and iuch Exporters and all other Persons shall be liable to iuch Penalties for relauding or un«* shipping inch Beef or Pork as	are provider and enacted in and by au

Act made in the Forty-fixth	Year of His present Majesty’s Reign,

intituled, An Aid more effectually to regulate the Collection of the Duties on Goods, Wares, and Merchandise imported or exported into or from Ireland ; and the Payment of Bounties, Allowances, and Drawbacks thereon, with respect to any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize exported from Ireland on which any Drawback or Bounty is or may be payable by Law, and with respect to the Drawbacks and Bounties payable thereon respectively.

4^ Gfio.irr.

CAP.

C- ir.

47° GEO. III. Seff.*.

A.D. 1807.

*74

Penalties not

exceeding 20b incurred under Acts 47 G. 3. Scat- r. c. 2i, c. 35, & c. 38,

yn. a y be reco vered before one Janice of the F&ice.

One Moiety to the Informer 2md the other to the Poor of the Fsriih.

CAP. XI.

An AS to provide for the Recovery of Penalties under certain Ads, made in the Forty Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for securing the Rates and Duties in Ireland in respect of Dwelling Houses, Fire Hearths, Windows, Male Servants, Horses, Dogs, and Carriages ; and on Licences to Persons dealing in exciseable Commodities ; and on Paper and Paper Hangings - and to alter the Condition of certain Bonds to be given by Brewers in Ireland.	[25th	July	1807.J

*	VK7HEREAS it is expedient to provide for the mare easy and

*	* * effectual Recovery of Penalties under the several Acts berein-‘ after mentioned and fet forth;’ be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the palling of this Adi;, whenever any pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture, not exceeding Twenty Pounds British Currency, shall be incurred under the Provilions of an A (ft, palled in the Fortv-feventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled. An Act to provide for regulating and securing the Collection cf certain Rates and Taxes in Ireland, in refpeB of Dwelling Houses, Fire Hearthsy Windows, Male Servants, Horses, Dogs, and Carriages', or of an Act palled in the said Year, intituled. An An to secure the Payment of the Duties on Licences granted to Persons in Ireland dealing in JFxcifeahle Commodities; or of an Act palfed in the said Year, intituled. An A Si to amend several A8 s for regulating andfecuring the Collection of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland ; and to make perpetual so much of an A By made hi the Forty-fifth Tear of His. present Mayfly, as relates to Paper Hangings printed or famed in Ireland ; it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of Peace in Ireland, within his Jurisdiction, to hear and determine any Information or Complaint for the Recovery of such Penalty, and to convidc the Party offending, on his or her own Ccn-session, or on the Oath of any One credible Witness ; and in all iuch Cases One Moiety of the Penalty or Forfeiture shall be paid to the Person giving such Information, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish in which the Offence shall have been committed, or the Conviction made, at the Difcretiou of the Justice; and fuqh Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized and required, upon Information made on Oath in that Behalf, within Three Months after the Offence committed, to summon the Party accused, and also the Witness or Wrtneffes on either Side; and if upon the Confession of the Party accused, or Examination of any Witness or Witnesses on Oath, which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to aclminister, such Party shall be convicted of the Offence alledged, then it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby required, to award and issue out a Warrant under his Hand and Seal to any Constable of the County, for levy ing the Penalty or Forfeiture incurred, on the Goods of the Offender, and io cause Sale to be made thereof, in case the same shall not be redeemed within Six .Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus (if any) after Payment of the Penalty, and after dedudlmg the Expence of such Sale ; and forward of f efficient Difire ft it (fiall be lawful for such

Justice,

C. ii.

A.D.1807.	470	GEO.	III.	Seir.2,

Justice, and he is hereby required, to commit such Offender to Gaol for any Time not exceeding Three Months, or until such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be paid ; and if any Person shall find himself orherfelf aggrieved by the Judgement of the said Justice, then such Person shall and may complain or appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter SefTions for the County ; and such Jufcices are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the Complaint orAppeal; and in case the Conviction of the Party shall be affirmed, such Justices shall issue Warrants for levying the Penalty or Forfeiture as aforesaid, and also for levying on the Goods of the Appellants such Sum, not exceeding Forty Shillings, as the said Justices shall appoint, for the Costs of such Appeal, to be paid to the Informer: And where any such pecuniary Penalties under Penalty or Forfeiture shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, the said Acts same may be sued for and recovered by any Person who shall sue for the exceeding 20I. same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, or by Civil Bill in any of the Courts of Record in Dublin, or at the Quarter qjvj|

Sessions of the Justices of the Peace, or at the Assizes in any County, or County of a Town, or City, iq Ireland; and it shall be lawful for the Court before whom any such Penalty shall be recovered, to order the Offender to be committed to Gaol in case of Non-payment thereof, there to remain for any Time in the Discretion of such Court, or until such Fine or Forfeiture be fully paid and satisfied.

II.	And be it further enacted, That no Conviction made or alledged Proceedings shall to be made by any Justice of the Peace, nor any Proceeding before not be removed such Justice, or before any Justices of the Peace at the Quarter hy Certiorari, Sessions, nor any Sentence or Order given or made, or alledged to be

given or made, by any such Justice or Justices, under or by virtue of this Aft, shall be removed by Writ of Certiorari out of the County,

City, Town, or Place wherein such Conviction or Proceeding shall have been had or made, into any Court whatsoever ; and that no Writ of Certiorari shall supersede Execution or other Proceedings upon any Conviction, Order, or Sentence made or given in pursuance of this Adi, but that Execution and other Procedeings shall be had and made thereupon, any such Writ of Certiorari or Allowance thereof notwithstanding.

III.	And be it further enacted, That any Justice of the Peace or 50I. Penalty on

Magistrate in Ireland, who shall neglect or refuse, in any Instance, to Juttices negle&-carry the said Acts, or any of them, or this Adi, into Execution,	laid

upon & proper Application made to him, shall forfeit the Sum of £xecUtion.

Fifty Pounds, British Currency, for every such Neglect \or Refusal,

to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any Court of Record in Ireland, by the Person who shall have made such Application, in which no Effoign, Protection, Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed ; and the Money recovered by such Action shall be applied, as to One Half thereof, to the Use of the Person suing for the same, and the other Half shall be paid to the Minister, Re&or, or Churchwarden of the Parish wherein such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate shall re fide, for the Use of the Poor therein.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein con- Penalties may tained shall extend to repeal, alter, or take away any of the Ways or lcvle(* either Methods, Powers or Authorities, appointed, directed, or expressed in

T 2	the

C. XI) 12.

'276

Condition of Brewers Bonds not ro utc raw Com, i vpeaitd, (See 47 G. 3. t.i.Q. 35. § 12.)

46 G. 3. c. 70. repealed.

45 G- 3- c* 3°

extended t all Retailers of Spirits, &c. Porter, Mead, Jrc.

47* GEO, in. Self. 2.	A.D.	1807.

the said recited Ads, or any of them, for the railing, levying, collecting, paying, suing for, recovering, and applying all and every the Fines* Penalties, and Forfeitures intlided by the said Ads, o^ any of them and that all such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures shall and may be raised, levied, colleCted, paid, sued for, recovered, and applied, either in such Manner as is by this Ad directed, or in such Manner, and by and under such Ways and Means, and under such Powers and Authorities as are exprefied and. enacted in the said recited Ads,, or any of them.

V. And be it further enacted, That so much and such Part of the said recited Ad of the Forty-feventh Year, intituled, An Act to secure the Payment of the Duties on Licences gra tied to Persons in Ireland deaL ing in Excifea'le Commodities, as requires Part of the Condition of the Bond, to be entered into by any Person licensed to brew Strong Beer, Porter, or Ale, or Small Beer, for Sale, to be, that such I revver shall not use any raw or unmalted Corn in brewing any Beer, Porter, Ale^ or Small Beer, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

CAP. XIL

An A£fc to make further Regulations with respect to Licences-for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors try Retail in Ireland.	[25th July	1807.]

c Wf HE REAS it is expedient to make further Regulations with-

*	W respect to Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and other

*	Liquors by Retail in Ireland ;9 be it therefore enacted by the King’s mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afltmbled, and by the Authority of the same* That from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the pafiing of this Ad, an Ad made in the Forty-iixth Year of the Reign of Hia present IVlajefty, intituled. An Act to amend an Aft made in the lajk Se/Jion of Parliament for regulating Licences for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, and Cyder by Retaily itt Ireland, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

. II. And be it further enacted, That an Ad made in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for regu~ lating Licences for the^Scd* of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, and Cyder by Retail, and for difeouraging the immoderate Use of spirituous Liquors in Ireland, and all Clauses, Provisions, and Regulations therein contained, (except so far as the same are altered by this Ad) shall extend and be construed to extend to all Licences for the Sale by Retail of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter, or Ale, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Me*d, which shall be granted at any Time after the palling of this Ad, and to all Persons who shall at any Time after the pafiing of this Ad fell by Retail a y Spirituous Liquors, Wine, J3etr, Porter or Ale, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, or either of them, as fully and efiedually to all Intents, Confirudions, and Purposes, as if Porter, Perry, Metheglin, and Mead had been mentioned and included in the said recited Ad of the Forty-fifth Year aforesaid*

HI. An*

Hosted by

C. 12.

277

A.D.T807.	470	GEO.	III. Self, a.

III.	And be it further enacted, That every Person or Persons who shall fell by himseif, herself, or tbemfclyes, or by any Person employed by him, her, or them, or acting for his, her, or their Benefit, either within his, her, or their House, Oythoule. or Bulloing, or within any Hut, Tent, or other Place whatever, or to be consumed eif.where. Spirituous Liquors in less Quantity at one Time than Two Gallons mixed or unmixed with Water, Sugar, or other Ingredients, or Beer, Ale, or Porter, or Cyder or Perrv, or Metheglin or Mead, in less Quantity than a Quarter of a Barrel, or Wine in less Quantity than One Galion, (Sellers of Bottled Beer, Ale, or Porter, Or of Bottled Cyder, Perry, Metheglin, or Mead excepted, who shall fend the same abroad and not fell any to be eonfumed in their own Houses,) shall be deemed to be Retailers and to fell the same by Retail within the Meaning of the said recited Aft of the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and of this present Aft, and shall be subject and liable to all the Regulations in the said Acts contained ; and if not duly licensed shall be subject to all and singular the Penalties and Disabilities enacted again ft Persons felling Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, or C)der by Retail, without Licence, by the said recited A6ft; any Thing in the said recited Aft, or in any other Aft or Acts in force in Ireland, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV.	And < e it further enacted. That all Penalties to which any Person shall be subject by virtue of the said recited Aft of the Forty-fifth Year for buying or obtaining Spirituous Liquors in any less Quantity than Four Galions, shall extJnd only to, or be enforced againit any Person or Persons buying or obtaining Spirituous Liquors, in Manner in the said Aft mentioned, in any less Quantity than Two Gallons.

V.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiratir n of Ten Days after the pafiing of this Aft, all Licences to fell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, or Porter, Cyd^r or herry, Metheglin or Mead, by Retail, in any Part of IreLnd, shall be granted and grantable by Distributors of Stamps or other Perrons appointed by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland only, and by no other Person or Persons whomsoever, any Thing in the said recited Aft of the Forty-fifth Year to the contrary notwithstanding ; and that every Clerk of the Peace fha'l and he is hereby require^. to give in lieu of any Licence as required by the said Aft a Certificate in the Form following, to every P rfon entitled under the Provisions of the said A6ft to receive a Licence, immediately upon Demand made by such Person or Persons.

*	t A, B. Clerk of the Peace of	do

‘ certify that I have filed the Security entered into by C. Z>. (or 4 by C. D. and F. F) according to Law ; and that he j^she, or they]

4 is [#r are] duly entitled to receive a Licence for felling Spirituous 4 Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, or Porter, Cyder or P^rry, Methegl n

*	or Mead, by Retail at	in the Parish of

4 [°r> if extra Parochial, in the Townland of	]	in	this

4 County, [County of a Town or City, or District of the Metros

*	polis, as the Case may be9) until the Twenty-ninth Dry of September

6 One thousand eight hundred and	[mentioning	the	Tear	j.

4 Dated	this	Day of	One

6 thousand eight hundred and

4 A < B* Clerk of the Peace for	d

T 3	And

Who shall be

uremed

Retailers.

Penalties under 4»G*3. c.50 $55^ ih.iil rxiCi'.-d .. .y Bu . ers < f o's til ui t woGalions,

All Licences for r tailing Spuits, &c. fliai be itT-.ied oy Shimp Distributors.

Certificates shall t>e given by

Clerks of the Peace to Par tit9

■ u i- H to be licensed.

C. 12.

27 s

On "Production of such Certificate St^mp Bif-tributor shall grant Licence.

Licence shall beat- Date when issued, and shall not be in force at any prior Day, LenaJty 100L

Persons retailing •without a Licence in force shall be liable $0 Penalties.

470 GEO. III. Seff. 2.

A. D. 1807.

And in every Certificate which shall be given by. a Clerk of the Peace within the District of the Metropolis of Dublin, the following Words shall be added immediately before the Date thereof, viz. 1 and that ‘ the fuperintendant Magistrate has certified that the said C. D.

*	[or C.D. and A1. A.] is [or, are] a proper Person [or, Perfons]

*	to be so licensed.*

VI.	And be it further enacted, That every Distributor of Stamps or other Person so appointed by the said Commissioners of Stamps to whom such Certificate shall be produced, shall immediately upon Demand of a Licence pursuant thereto, and on Payment of the Stamp Duties chargeable thereupon, give a Licence in Manner following, that is to say; an exact Copy of such Certificate shall be made on a Piece of Parchment duly stamped, and underneath it on the same Parchment, a Licence shall be given in the Words following, that is to say :

< C.D. of	^	[or,	C.D.	and	E. F. of

‘	] is [or, are] licensed to fell by Retail Spirituous

6 Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale and Porter, Cyder and Perry, Metheglin

*	and Mead, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thoiifand

*	eight hundred and	[mentioning	the Tear] at

*	purfuant to the above Certificate.	Dated	this	Lay

€ of	One thousand eight hundred arid	<

e O, H. Distributor of Stamps for

or, Officer appointed for the Purpose of grant-c ing Licences to Retail Spirituous Liquors, 1 Wine, Beer, Ale and Porter, Cyder and c Perry, Metheglin and Mead,*"

VII.	And be it further enacted, That every such Licence shall

bear Date oh the Day on which such Distributor or other Person shall sign the same, and shall not be in force prior to such Day ; and such Licence shall commence and be in force from the Twenty-ninth Day of September next ensuing the Day of the Date1 thereof ; unless the Twenty-ninth Day of September mentioned in such Licence for the Expiration thereof, shall be lefts than Twelve Months from t^he Day of the Date thereof; in which Case such Licence shall commence and he in force on and from the Day of the Date thereof,' and not at any other Time ; and if any Distributor or other Person appointed as aforesaid, shall date any Licence on any other Day than the Day on which he shall sign the same, or shall sign the same before he shall have received the full Amount of Stamp Duties payable thereon, or shall give any Licence contrary to, or not authorized by Law* he shall Lorfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and shall be incapable .of holding any Office under the Commissioners of Stamp Duties, or under any Commissioners for. collecting or managing any other Part of His Majesty’s Revenues.	-

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Person in Ireland, shall fell any Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder, or Perry. Metheglin or Mead, without having a Licence in force for that Purpose, at the Time of felling the same, every such Person being duly convicted thereof shall forfeit and incur the several . Sums of, Money, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in the said recited Adi of the forty-fifth Year aforesaid mentioned and contained with respect to

. , ,	,	Perfon^.

279

A.D.j 807.

47° GEO. III. SefT. 2.

C. 12.

Clerk of Pence /hall be fuhject

refpect to Licences under 43 G. 3. c. 50. § 283 2-9.

Persons felling Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, or Cyder, by Retail, without being licensed in Manner required by the said recited Act; and no Licence shall be deemed a sufficient Licence under any of the' Provisions in the said recited Act or in this present Aft contained, except such. Licence as shall have been in force at the Time of the Sale of any Spirituous or other Liquors concerning whiqh any Complaint shall be made, or at the Time when View of the Licence shall have been demanded by any Magistrate or Officer under the Provisions in the said recited Aft contained ; and such Magistrate and Officer are hereby required from Time to Time to enter and demand such View in such Manner as by the said recited ft6t is directed and allowed.

IX.	And be it further ena6ted, That every Clerk of the Peace who

shall give any such Certificate shall be entitled to demand and receive the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence British Currency for his to kune Rertric-Expence and Trouble therein; and that if any Clerk of the Peace fhall	^e3u-?

give or issue a Certificate in any Case wherein he would not have been authorized by the said recited Aft of the Forty-fifth Year to have c'.tes Tnc! tranfi" issued a Licence, he shall be and is hereby made subject to the like mining Lifts Forfeitures as if such Certificate had been a Licence ; and every such thereof as with Certificate so given and every Licence granted by any Diflributor in consequence of such Certificate shall be and is hereby declared to be null and void ; and every Clerk of the Peace shall transmit to the Ex-cife and Stamp Offices in Dublin respectively a true and accurate Lift of all Certificates issued by him respectively, and the Dates thereof, and the Names of the Persons to whom the same shall have been

given, and the Places mentioned therein for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors, in like Manner and under like Regulations and Forfeitures as are contained in the said Aft refpeftingthe transmitting a Lift of Licences.

X.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration Licences to fell

of Ten Days after the palling of this Aft the Duty payable in respect Liquors at Fairs of any- Licence to fell Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail, at'any lhali be 8ranted Fair in Ireland, shall be paid and payable to some Dillributor of	ccTr

Stamps or Person appointed by the Commissioners of Stamp Duties instead ofExcife fn the County in which such Fair shall be held, and not to any Codec- Collector, under tor of Excise or other Person, any Thing in the said recited Aft of 45 G-3* c. 50. the Forty-fifth Year to the contrary notwithstanding ; and every such § IF Payment so made to such Diflributor or Person so appointed shall

have the same Force, Validity, and Effest, in all respects whatsoever, as if made to the Collector of Excise of the District in which such Fair shall be held; and such Diflributor or other Person so appointed shall certify such payment upon the Foot or Back of such Licence in such Manner as the said Collector of Excise is by the said recited Aft authorized and required to-do, and shall be entitled to demand and receive the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence British Currency for his Trouble therein.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That every Diflributor of Stamps stamp

or other Person appointed by the said Commissioners of Stamps to Diftnbutors shall grant Licences for retailing Spirituous or other Liquors shall from	Monthly

Time to Time, on the First Day of every ^Month, or within Three ^-eturPs °f Days after, and at all such other Times as he shall be thereto required, byC^m* fey Notice signed by any Commissioner of Excise or by any Com- Excise and

T 4	miifione	iSumpQiEc^s,

Hosted by

3 80

C.I2

47» GEO. III. Seff. 3.

A.D.1807,

45G.3-c.50.5T3. it-quiring Attendance of Stamp Piliri’>u^ors at JSeflioi s, &c. appealed.

Allowances to Pi> iributois granting Licence.*.

Penalty On Distributor, &c taking orlver Fees t nan arc allowed by Laty look

miffioner of Stamps, transmit to the Excite and Stamp Offices in Dublin respectively, a true and accurate Lift of all Licences ifTued by them respectively under and by virtue of this Act in the Month preceding, or during such Period as ffiall be required of them, with the ? ate of such Licences, the Names of the I'erfons licensed, and their Sureties, and the Places where they ffiall be licensed to fell, and the Amount of the Stamp Duty paid on such Licences reipedtively ; and every such Distributor or other Person to be appointed as aforesaid shall in like Manner transmit to the said Excise and Stamp Offices; an Account of all such Sum and Sums of Money as ffiall have been received by such Distributor, or ether Person to be appointed as aforesaid, in respect of Licences by Magistrates for felling at Fairs or Encampments ; and every such Distributor or other Person to be appointed as aforesaid who ffiall refuse or neglect to return such Lid within Three Days after the First Day of every Month or within Ten Days after fuel1. Notice as aforesaid, ffiall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds Brhjjh Currency.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That so much and such Part of the said recited Act of the Forty-fifth Year, as requires the Attendance of a Distributor of Stamps, or other Person, at any Special or General Sessions or other Places in Ireland, for the Snoplv of (tamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper for such Licences, and as allows any Sum of Money to such Distributor or other Person for his Trouble ii^ such Attendance, ffiall be and the same is hereby repealed ; and that every Distributor of Stamps, or Person appointed for that Purpose by the Commissioners of Stamp Duties, ffiall, for every Licence which he shall give pursuant to this Adi, be entitled to receive, and ffiall Receive the Sums following over and above the several Stamp Duties on, such Licences; that is to say, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence £) itijh Currency, if the Stamp on such Licence does not exceed Eleven Pounds like Currency; and the Sum of Five Shillings like Currency, if such Stair -' Difty shall exceed Eleven Pounds like Currency 3 which said Sums of Two Shillings and Sixpence and Five Shillings respectively, shall be in lieu of all Per-Centages and of any Allowance whatever which such Distributor or other Person might ptherwife claim or receive from the Cor miffioners of Stamp Duties, or otherwise for. the Sale of the Stamps on such Licences.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Distributor of Stamps or Perion appointed by the said Commissioners of Stamps for the Purposes of this Act, ffiall demand, take, or receive, directly or indi* redtly, by himself or any pther Person employed by him or acting on his Pehalf, any Fee or Fees for doing his Duty under this Act, or under- the said recited Adis, other than is allowed to him by the said recited Act of the Forty-fifth Year aforefaift, or this Adt> or ffiall refuse to fill up or give any Licence or Certificate required to be given by him for the ■ urpofe of carrying this Act or the said recited Adi into Execution, upon being paid the Amount of Stamp Duty chargeable thereon respectively, together with the Sum of Money which he is by this Adi entitled to demand and receive, for his own Use, such Distributor or other Person ffiall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds Br'iiifh Currency, to any Person who ffiall sue for the same, and ffiall be and he is hereby declared incapable of ever after acting as a Distributor of Stamps or Officer under the Commissioners of Stamps,

XIV. And

A.D. 1807,	470	GEO.	III.	Seff.2.	C.12.	281

XIV. And be it further enabled, That any Grocer or Person exer- Groces may be cifing by bimfelf or herself, or by any one for his or her own Use or hcenled m Benefit, the Trade or Business of a Grocer, or who shall be li -enfed as ^^necrl no"/* a Grocer, or in whose House, or in any Building occupied by him be Victualler; or her, or any House or Building adjoining thereto, and which shall communicate with such House or Building, the Trade orBufinefs of a Grocer shall be carried on in any Pbce where the Stamp Duty to be paid for a Licence to fell Spirituous or other Liquors by Retail shall not be less than Twenty-two Pounds, shall be capable of being licensed in such Place to retail Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer,

Ale, or P.orter, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead ; and shall not be liable jto a'ny Penalty or Dilability under the said recited Adi of the Forty-fifth Year aforesaid, on account of such Person not being a Victualler, Innkeeper, or Tavern keeper, any ri hiug in the said recited Adi, or any Thing required to be inserted in any Bond tQ be given by Persons so licensed under the said recited Act or this Aft to the contrary notwithstanding ; and the Words requiring that the Person See 4- G. 3. so licensed shall keep a Victualling House, Inn or Tavern, during the c* 5°* § 9*

Time fpch Licence shall be in force, and shall be constantly provided with Strong Beer, Ale or Porter, and Victuals of good and found Quality for Sale by Retail, and shall supply all Travellers who shall require it, with such Victuals and Beer, Ale and Porter, at reafon^ able Rates, shall be omitted or ft ruck out from the Bond to be given by iuch Grocer, being so licensed to retail'Spirituous or other Liquors under this Aft:	Provided	always	that	it	fhall	not be lawful for but shall not

any such Grocer or Person exercising the as aforesaid, and having a Licence lor

Liquors, to fell any Spirituous Liquors.______} ^_________________.	^	, . iior to be

re uted Quarts, nor to fell any Spirituous Liqu®rs, Wine, Beer, Ale contu sed m or Porter, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, to be consumed in their Houses. the House, Outhouse, Building, HutrTent, or Place whatever occupied by such Grocer or Person exercising the said Trade or Business ; and any such Grocer or other Person as aforesaid, who shall fell any such Spirituous Liquors in Quantities less than Two Quarts, or fin all fell any Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer Ale or Porter, Cyder or Perry, V ethegliu or ead, to be consumed in any House, Outhoufe or Building, Hut, Tent, or Place whatever, occupied by such Grocer contrary to this Act, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of en Pounds, and shall be considered a Person felling fucb_

Spirituous Liquors, Wjnc, Ecer, Ale, or Porter, Cyder, Pen-ye,

Metheglin or Mead, without Licence, and shall be fubje£t and lh'le to all and every the Penalties by the said recited Adi and this Adi imposed on Persons felling the same without. Licence.

XV. And be it further enacted That in case any Person licensed to Hrirs mav have fell by Retail Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, or Porter. Cyder or (he	'	r

Perry, Met heglin or Mead, under the said recited Act of the Forty-fifth 3''Executor**'*'* Year aforesaid or this Act, shall happen to die during the Continuav.ee under 45 G.3. of the Licence granted to such Person, and the Place mentioned in c. 50. $ 23. such Licence so such felling by Uctnil, fit all defeend to or other-wife be in the offeflion of the Heir of Inch Person so dying, it shall and may be lawful for the Heir of such berfon who final] become possessed of the House or Place in which such Person flnall have been licensed so to fell the same, or for the AfEgnee of such Heir, to continue to fell by

Retail

Trade or Business of a Grocer retail less than - retailing Spirituous or other Q'la,ts °f

-	 -	Spirits,	nor	any

i n onv

7 2.

47° GEO. III. Sefl*.

A.D. 1807,

Penalty for felling Spirituous Liquors on Sunday ; or Leer, See. before Two ©’Clock, on Sunday, 5].

Jufliers of

Peace,

Conftnbles,

Com misti oners *)( Excise and Stamps,and their Officers, may entei Houses., and require ro fee Licences for retailing, and ieize Liquors,. &c.

Retail Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, in such House or hlace until the Expiration of the Term for which such Licence shall have been granted, in like Manner and upon the like Conditions, and under the like Reilriftions -as the Executor or Administrator of such Person so dying, or his Assignee, may do under or by virtue of the said recited Aft of the Forty-fifth. Year afore said.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person in Ireland shall fell any Spirituous Liquors by Retail between the Hours of Twelve of the Clock on Saturday Night, and Twelve of the Clock on Sunday Night, nor shall fell by Retail any Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, on a Sunday before Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, except to Traveliers; and if any Spirituous or other Liquors shall be so fold on a Sunday contrary to this Aft, every Person felling the same, or on whose Behalf such Spirituous or other Liquors shall be fold, shall for every Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds ; to be paid, One Moiety to the Use of the Prosecutor, and the other Moiety to the Churchwardens of the Parish in which the Offence shall have been committed, for the Use of the Poor of such Parish.

XVIL And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, and for any Chief or High Constable, and for the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, and for the Commissioners of Stamps in Ireland, and for any Officer appointed by or acting under the said Commissioners of Customs, Excise, or Stamps respectively, and every Justice, Chief or High Constable, and every such Com -mifnoner and Officer, is and are hereby authorized and required from Time to Time, and at all Times in the Lay-time, to enter into and upon any House, Shop, Store-room, or other Building, or any Booth or Shed, Hut, Tent, Stall, or Place in which or where any Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale or Porter, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, shall be fold by Retail, and there to demand a View of the Licence for such Sale ; and if the Occupier of such House, Shop, Store-room; Building, Booth, Shed, Hut, Tent, Stallf or Place, shall not on Demand produce a Licence in force for the Sale by Retail of such Spirituous or other Liquors, all Spirituous and other Liquors which shall be found in or at such House, Shop, Store-room,, Building, Booth, Shed, Hut, Tent, Stall, or Place, and all V e fie Is containing the same, and all Vessels used for measuring or drinking the same, shall be forfeited ; and the same shall and may be seized by such Justice of the Peace, Chief or Pligh Con-liable, Commifiioner, or Officer respectively, and the Occupier of such House, Shop, Store-room, Building, Booth, Shed, Hut, Tent, Stass, or Place, shall be deemed an unlicensed' Retailer of Spirituous Liquors, and shall be liable to all Penalties to which Persons are subject under the said recited Act of the Forty-hfth Year, or this Aft, for retailing Spirituous or other Liquors without Licence; and such Liquors and Vessels shall and may be proceeded against and condemned, in like Manner as Goods and Chattels seized and forfeited under, any A ft or Acts relating to the Revenue of Excise in Ireland, maybe seized and condemned by virtue of any such Aft: cr Acts.

XVIII.

C* 12.

A.D.i8o7*

47° GEO. III.

SefT. 2.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Parishioners of the several Parishes in Ireland in Vestry assembled, Twice in every Year, or oftener if necessary, to appoint Inch Number of Persons as to them shall seem meet, to be Overseers of Persons licensed for Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors within every such Parish respectively ; and every Overseer so appointed shall have like Powers and Authorities for entering such IToufes as any Constable or other Peace Officer, hath or may have by virtue of the said recited Act and this Aft : And every Person not admitting any such Overseer, shall be subject to like Penalties as Persons not admitting any Magistrate or Con ft able, are subject to b} the said recited Aft and this Aft ; and in case any such Overseer shall find any Persons, not being Inmates of such Houses, entertained therein between the Hours of Twelve at Night and Seven in the Morning, on any Lay of the Week except Sunday, or at any Time whatever on a Sunday, any such Overseer may proceed to remove such Persons in such Manner as any Magistrate or Constable is by the said recited Aft empowered to do, provided that no Person dealing in Spirituous Liquors shall vote at any such Vestry, or be appointed an Overseer.

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That all Orders given by the Lord Mayor of the City of Dublin, or by any Two Magistrates of the County of Dublin, pursuant to the said recited Aft of the Forty-fifth Year, for Licences to be issued for the Sale by Retail of Spirituous or other Liquors within the District of the Metropolis, shall be entered into Books to be kept by the Clerks of the Peace for the said City and County respectively, and such Books shall be open at all Times for the Jnfpeftion of any Magistrate, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, and their Officers, and the Commissioners for managing His Majesty's Stamp Duties, and their Officers, \vithout Fee or Reward ; and the Superintendanf Magistrate in the City of Dublin shall likewise enter into a Book, to be kept by him for the Purpose, every Certificate which he shall give, Hating that the Person therein named, is a proper Person to be licensed, and such Book shall be open at all Times for the Inspection of any Magistrate, and of the said several Commissioners and their Officers respectively ; and such Superintendant Magistrate shall, within Two Days after he shall give any such Certificate, deliver or cause to be delivered an Abstract thereof to the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, and to the said Commissioners of Stamps respectively.

XX.	And be it further enacted, That all Penalties under the said recited Aft of the Forty-fifth Year of His prefect Majesty’s Reign, and under this Aft, shall be paid and payable according to the Amount thereof in British Currency; and that any and every Penalty and Forfeiture under the said recited Aft, or this Add, not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds British Currency, shall and may be recovered before any One Justice t.f the Peace in Ireland within his Jurisdiction, in Manner directed by the said recited Aft : And that all Penalties and Forfeitures under the said recited Aft, or this Aft, exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds, maybe recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any Court of Record in Ireland, in Manner directed by the said recited Aft ; and that all Spirituous Liquors, and all Goods or Chattels seized and forfeited under the

283

Overseers of Publick Hc-ufes may be elected in every Parish \v 1;o shall have the same Power as Canstables, Rec-

orders for Licences by Lord Mayor,See. 2nd Certificates of Superintendant Magistrate of Dublin, shall be entered inBooks, kept for the Inlpection of the Magistrates and_ Commifliopers of Excise and Stamps.

Penaltiespayable in British Currency, if under 20I. before one Justice, over 2.0I. by Action. (SW45G.3.C.50. § 41, 44, &49-> Goods forfeited niay be condemned as under Exc.ife Laws.

45 G/3. e. 50. § 39, 40.)

284

Irish Acts 36 G. 3 c. 20.

37 G. 3. c. 38.

38 G. 3, c. 21.

38 G. 3 c. 82.

shall ccafe from 3itf July 1807:

Except ns to Proceed'-gs com mt need before 3 1 ft July 1807.

C. 13.	47°	GEO.	III. Self, 2.	A.D.1807.

said recited Aft, or this Aft, shall ami may be proceeded again ft and condemned in like Manner as Goods and Chattels seized and forfeited under any Aft or Acts relating to the Revenue of Excise in Ireland,

CAP. XIII.

An Act to suppress Insurrections, and prevent the Disturbance of the Public Peace in Ireland.	[ift Augujl 1807.]

4 \J I HEREAS tumultuous Infurreftionshave from Time to Time

*	V ¥ existed in various Parts of Ireland, principally promoted and 4 supported by Persons associating under the pretended Obligation of

*	Oaths unlawfully administered : And Whereas it is expedient that 4 the Provificns of a certain Aft of Parliament, palled in Ireland in 4 the Thirty-fixth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Ad 4 more ffc finally to suppress Infurrefiions, and prevent the Disturbance of 4 the Public Peace; and of an Aft palled in the Thirty-feventh Year

*	of the Reign of His Majesty, intituled, An Afi to explain an Alt 4 pafjccl in the Thirty-fixth Tear of His Majesty s Reign, intituled, 1 An ■4 Afi more effectually to suppress Infurrefiions, and prevent the Disturbance ‘ of the Public Peace ;’ and of an Aft palled in the Thirty-eighth Year 4 of the Reign of His Majesty intituled. An Afi for continuing an 4 Afi passed in the Thirty ftxth Tear of Ilis Majesty s Reign, intituled> 4 An Afi more esse finally to suppress Infurrefiions, and prevent the Diftur-4 bance of the Public Peaceand also of an Aft, palled in the Thirty-4 seventh Year of His Ma’]efty’s Reign, intituled. An Afito explain an 4 Afi passed in the Thirty-fixth Tear of His Majesty s Reign, intituled, 4 An Afi more esse finally to Jupprcfs Infurrefiions, and prevent the Diflurb-4 ance of the Public Peace f and also of an Aft palled in the Thirty-4 ei gbth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Afi for amending 4 an Afi passed in theThirty-fixth Tear of the Reign of His Majesty, in-4 tituhd, 4 An Act mo e esse fiually to suppress Infu refiionst and prevent 4 the Disturbance of the Public Peace; should be repealed, and that 4 the said Proviiions should be amended and consolidated be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament alsembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Acts, and every Matter and Thing therein corn* tained, Shall, from and after the Thirty-firft Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seven, cease and determine.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted. That any Prosecution or Prosecutions, Proceeding or Proceedings, which has or have been, or may be before, on, or after the said Thirty-firft Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seven, commenced or carried on, for or on account of any Crimes, Offences, Matiersor Things done or committed at any Time on or before the said Thirty-firft Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seven, against the Proviiions of the said recited Acts, or any of them, may be profe-cuted and earned on, and Judgement and Execution may be given and done thereon, according to the Directions and under the Authority of the said recited Acts ; and that the said recited Acts Shall, as to any such Proceedings, Prosecution, Judgement, and Exectuion^ respectively, but not farther or otherwise, be and remain, and are hereby declared to be and remain in full Force and Effect.

III. And

A.D.1807.

47° GEO. III. Sefr.2.

C. 13.'

2S5

Penally of •

F i- iiv on Pe'Lns df'm1 liftering or r.ikii-.g Ojths for (erlitiuUS Purpol's ; Trinlporrarion for Lire- on

III. And be-it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Per-fon or Persons who shall administer or cause to be administered, tender or cause to be tendered, or be present aiding and aflilting at the administering or tendering, or who shall by Threats, Profiles, Per-fuaflons, or other undue Means, cause, procure, or induce to be taken, by any Person or^Perfons in I elan t, upon a Book or other-wife, any Oath or Engagement importing to bind the Person or Persons taking the same to be of any Association, Brotherhood, Com-	in(\	for

rmttee,Society, or Confederacy whatsoever, in reality formed or to Seven Years on be formed for seditious Purposes, or to disturb the Public Peace, or the Takers, to injure the Persons or Property of any Person or Persons whatsoever, or to compel any Person or Persons whatsoever to do or omit or refuse to do any Act or Ads whatsoever, under whatever Name,

Description, or Pretence such Aflociatioq, Brotherhood, Committee,

Society, or Confederacy shall aflame, or pretend to be formed or constituted ; or any Oath or Engagement importing to bind the Person taking the same to obey $he Orders, or Rules or Commands of any Committee or other Body of Men, not lawfully constituted, or of any Captain, Leader, or Commander ( not appointed by or under the Authority of Hie Majesty, His Heirs and Succeflbrs), or ta> assemble at the Desire or Command of any such Captain, Leader,

Commander or Committee, or of any Person or Persons not having lawful Authority, or not to inf®rm or give Evidence againfb any Brother, Associate, Confederate, or other Person, or not to reveal or discover his or her having taken any illegal Oath, or not to reveal or discover any illegal Act done or to be done, or not to discover any illegal Oath or Engagement which may be administered or tendered to him or her, or the Import thereof, whether such Oath shall be afterwards so administered or tendered or not, or whether he or she shall take such Oath, or enter into such Engagement or not, being by due Course of Law convicted thereof, shall be adjudg'ed guilty of Felony, and be transported for .Life; and every Perfuu who fh 11 take, in I ■ eland, any such Oath or Engagement , importing so to bind him or her as aforesaid, and being by due Course of Law thereof convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony,, and be transported for Seven Years.

IV. Provided always, That any Person or Persons who may have Necessity shall been compelled by inevitable Necessity to commit any of the Offences ^ aforesaid; upon Proof of iuch inevitable Necessity shall be excused en eis wa and justified ; Provided that no such inevitable Necessity fhalljuftify or excuse any such Person or Pm .ons, unless, he, she, or they shall,

they in farm a Just ice th-erec^ i\ Time and

within Ten Days, if not p evented by actual Force or Sickueis, and Manner herein

then within Seven Days after such cdtual Force or Sickness shall cease raeaCionecb

to disable him, her, or them to give Information of the same, diicloie

to O ne of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace in the County in

which he, she, or they shall then be, by Information on Oath, the

Whole of what he, she, or they know touching theYompelling him*

her or them, io commit any such Offence, and of the Person or Per-

f ns by whom he, she, or they were compelled to commit such Offence*

and who were present at the Time such Offence was committed, and

of the Place where the same was committed : Provided, however, that

no Person shall be so excluded from the Defence of inevitable Ne-

ceffity, who shall be tried for the said Offence within the said Period

of

..Si

2S5

Aiders nnd

Abettors

deemed

Principals, &c.

Purport of Oath sufficient in jL-dcmient.

Informations of Per Ions who fnalI lodge Examinations, and shall lie murdered or maimed, or kept by Fence from Trials, Hi a 1 ] be admitted as Evidence,

Wher~ aWitnefs, Magift'alc, Stc.

lEall be maimed or mm d<-*cd, vP account of Evidence, or f Exeition, Grand fury may prele, t a Sum tor such Per fun or their Kc^iel'enLulh c.

C. 13.	47®	GEO.	Ill*	Seff.s:	A.D,i8o7*

of Ten Days from the Commission of such Offence, or of Seven Days from the Time when such Force or Sickness shall cease as afore-

faicL

V.	And be it further enacted, That all Persons present aiding and assisting at the adminifiering or tendering of any such Oath or Engagement, and all Persons cabling any such Oath or Engagement to be administered or tendered, though not present, shall be deemed principal Offenders, and tried as such, though the Person or Persons who actually administered or tendered such Oath or Engagement shall not have been tried or convidtcd.

VI.	And be it further enabled. That it shall not be necefTary in any Indictment to be found against any Person for administering, tendering, or taking such Oath or Engagement, to fet out the Words of such Oath or Engagement, and that it shall be sufficient to fet forth therein the Purport or Object of such Oath or Engagement.

VII.	* And whereas in several Instances Persons who have given In-c formation against Persons accused of Crimes in Ireland, have been ‘ murdered before Trial of Persons accused, in order to prevent their * giving Evidence, and to effect the Acquittal of the Accused be it declared and enacted, That if any Person who hath given or shall give Information or Examination upon Oath against any Person or Persons, for any Offence against the Laws, hath been, or shall, before the Trial or Trials of the Person or Persons respectively againlt whom such Information or Examination hath been or shall be given, be murdered or violently put to death, or so maimed or forcibly carried away and secreted as not to be able to give Evidence on the Trial of the PeTon or Peifons againfc whom such Information or Examination were given ; the Information or Examination of such Person so taken on Oath shall be admitted in all Courts of Justice in Ireland, as Evidence on the Trial or Trials of the Person or Persons respectively againlt whom such Information or Examination was given : Provided always, That thelnformation or Examination of a Witness secreted shall not be Evidence, unless it shall be found on a collateral I flue, to be put to the Jury trying the Prisoner, that the Person so secreted was secreted by the Person then on Trial, or by some Person or Persons adding for him or her, or in his or her Favour.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That if it shall appear that any Person, having given Information ©r Evidence against any Person or Persons charged with any Offence against the Public Peace, shall have been murdered or maimed, previous to the Trial of the Person or Persons accused by such Information or Evidence, or of any of them, or on account of any such Evidence given, or that any Magistrate or ©ther Peace Officer shall be murdered or maimed on account of his Exertions as such Magistrate or Peace Officer to bring Diilurbers of the Public Peace to Jullice, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Grand Jury of the County, County of a Town, or County of a City within which such Murder or Maiming shall have been committed respectively, to present such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think just and rea foil able, to be paid to the personal Representative of such Witness, Magifirate, or Peace Officer, who shall be murdered, or to such Witnels, Magifirate, or Peace Officer, who shall be maimed, having regard to the Rank, Degree, Situation, and Circumfiances of such Witness, Magifirate, or Peace Officer, to be

raised

A.D. 1807.	470	GEO.	III.	Self.	a.	C. 13.

railed on the County at large, Barony, Half Barony, or Farifh, in which such Murder orMaiming shall respectively have been perpetrated, at the Discretion of such Grand Jury.

IX.	And be it further euacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace in Ireland, to arrest and bring before him, or cause to bearrefted or brought before him, any Stranger sojourning or wandering, and to examine him or her on Oath respecting his or her Place of Abode, the Place from whence' he or she came, his or her Manner of Livelihood, and his or her Object or Motive for remaining or coming into the County, City, or Town, in which he or she shall be found ; and unless he or file shall answer to the Satisfaction of such, Magistrate, or produce fufheient Security for his or her good Be* haviour, such Magistrate shall commit him or her to Gaol or the House of Correction, there to remain until he shall find such Security as afore-said, or until he or she be discharged by such Magifirate, or by the Means herein-after mentioned : Provided always, that such Magistrate shall, without Delay after such Committal, transmit a true and faithful Report thereof, and the Grounds and Reasons thereof, the Amount of Bail required, with the Examination of the Prisoner, and the Reasons alledged by him why he or she should not be committed, which such Magistrate is required to take down in Writing, to thee Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, for the Time being, in order that such Person may be detained or discharged, as to him may seem right.

X.	€ And in order to rest ore Peace to such Parts of Ireland as are r or may bediflurbed as aforesaid by seditious Persons, and to pre-£ serve the Peace in Counties which may be in immediate Danger of r being dsfturbed be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two Justices of the Peace in any County, or County of a City, or Town, in Ireland, to direct, by Writing under their Elands and Seals, the Clerk of the Peace thereof to furnmon an extraordinary Session of the Peace to be holden therein at such Place and at such Time as they shall deem expedient, not sooner than Forty-eight Hours after such Direction shall have been delivered to such Clerk of the Peace, in order to consider the State of such County, Town, or City; and thereupon such Clerk of the Peace shall forthwith poll Notice thereof on the Door of the Court House of such County, Town, or City, and cause, as far as in him lies, every Justice of the Peace of such County, Town, or City, who shall be resident therein, to be iummoned to fuJi SePious, in serving which Summons every Constable, Sub-Constable, and Sheriff’s Bailiff is hereby required to obey, and be aiding and ah fling such Clerk of the Peace; and that the Judiges a-flembled in consequence not being fewer than Seven in a County at large, or than Three in a County of a Town or City, or the major Part of such Justices respectively, shall and may, if they hall fee fit, upon due Coniideration of the State of the County, Signify, by Memorial Signed by them, to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, that they consider their County, or any Part thereof, to be in a State of pifturbance, or immediate Danger of becoming so, and the Grounds and Reasons of such their Opinion, and praying that the Lord Lieutenant and Council may proclaim such County, or Part thereof, to fge ia a State of Disturbance, er in immediate Danger of becoming

to;

Magift rates may anell Stranger s* and examine them on O.ith, and transmit Report to Lord Lieutenant.

T wo Justices m y cause C,e %z 'of the Peace 10 fu mtnon a tpceial S-Oli ;i'? t« cor.li-Lr thcStaic of Count}',

[unices udembled at such Sc(Thm may signify by Mcmoiiul to Lord Lieutenants that the County is dilcurbod, or in Danger of being lo.

hold Lieutenant

audCouncil .may proclaim Inch County &C. to be in ^ State of

Di ft ur banco.

288

C.33«

4?° GEO. IK. Seff.2.

A.D.1807.

Proclamation shall warn 11 habitants to k f <• p't h r i r H o u fe s during Night Time, Sec. and appoint n Special SelCons to (it continual y for punilhin-g Odfei:dets.

From what Period a Diltridt shall be

so ; and thereupon it shall arid may be lawful to and for the Lord .Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, by and with the Advice of His Majesty’s Privy Council in Ireland, if he and they shall respectively think proper so to do, by Proclamation to declare fucli County, or any Part of such County, to be in a State of Lifturbance, or in immediate Danger of becoming io ; as also such Part as he and they shall think proper of any adjoining County; a Copy of which Proclamation shall be forthwith transmitted by the Clerk of the Privy Council to the Clerk of the Peace of every such County so mentioned therein, who shall thereupon, and he is hereby required forthwith to give Notice thereof to the several Magistrates, and to the Afiillant Barrister of every such County, or to the Person duly qualified and empowered to act as Assistant Barrister therein, requiring their Attendance at the Special Sefftons to be held as herein-after mentioned, unless some Part of such County shall have been previously proclaimed under or by a Proclamation then in force, by virtue whereof the Special Sessions shall be then fitting from Day to Day, as herein-after mentioned, in which Case he shall forthwith give such Notice to the Justices presiding at such Special Sections, who shall thereupon, or as soon after as the said Court shall fit, cause such further Proclamation to be publicly read in open Court.

XI.	And be it further enabled, That every such Proclamation shall warn the Inhabitants of every such proclaimed County, or Part thereof, to be and remain within their Houses at all Hours between Sun-fet and Sun-rife, from and after such Day as shall be named therein for that Purpose, under the Penalties by Law established ; and such Proclamation shall further order and direct that a Special Sessions of the Peace for every such County, whereof the Whole or any Part shall be so therein proclaimed, shall be held in such County, at such Time and I lace as {ball be therein named, not exceeding Seven Days from the Date of such Proclamation, and such Special Sessions of the Peace shall be so held accordingly, and shall from thenceforth continue to fit so long as such County, or any Part thereof, shall be proclaimed, and shall have Power to adjourn from Time to Time, and from Place to Place within such County, as shall be found convenient ; and the Clerk of the Peace in every such County is hereby required forthwith to cause such Proclamation to be published in all the public Newspapers printed within such County, and to cause One or more printed Copies thereof to be polled up in large legible Characters in all Market Towns within the said County, or such Part thereof as shall be so proclaimed ;, provided, however, that if any Part of such County shall have been previously proclaimed by or under any Proclamation then continuing in force, in the Whole or in Part, by reason whereof there shall be then a Court of Special Sessions of the Peace fitting under this ACl from Day to Day in such County, then such Proclamation shall not make any Mention of such Special Sessions of the Peace in such County, but the said Special Sessions of the Peace so then fitting shall continue to fit, and shall take Cognizance of all Offences committed within such District or Part so newly proclaimed, in the same Manner in all refpefls as if stich Sessions of the Peace were summoned and fitting by and under such latter Proclamation.

XII.	And be it enabled, That every County, or Part of a County, so proclaimed, shall be confidei’ed, to all Intents and Purposes, as a

9	proclaimed

A.D. 1807.	470	GEO. III. Seff*. z>	C.	13

proclaimed Diftritft, from the Day on which the Inhabitants thereof shall be required by the Proclamation to remain within their Houles between Sun-fetand Sun-rife as aforesaid, and not before.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That all Proclamations which shall be issued under this by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, by and with the Advice of His Majesty’s Privy Council as aforesaid, or have been heretofore issued, and shall hereafter be issued under the said recited Adis, or any of them, or the Dublin Gazette, importing to contain a Copy of such Proclamations respectively, shall be deemed and taken to be, and shall be conclusive Evidence in all Courts of Civil or Criminal JurifdiPcion in Ireland, of all such Faffs as were or shall be necessary to authorize the issuing of such Proclamations as aforesaid ; and every such Proclamation shall be deemed and taken in all such Courts re-fpedlively, to ail Intents and Purposes whatsoever, to have been issued in Conformity to the several Provisions of this Aft.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That after the issuing of such Proclamation, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, and he or they is and are hereby empowered and required, to direct any one of His Majeft'y's Serjeants at Law, or of His Majesty’s Counsel learned in the Law, in Ireland, if any such Serjeant or Counsel can be procured, to repair to any such County which, or any Part of which, shall be so proclaimed, and there to continue and to preftdeat the said Seilions from Day to Day, in Manner herein'after mentioned, so long as such County shall continue to be so proclaimed, unless sooner recalled or permitted to leave the same by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being ; and that the Assistant Barrister of every such County, or such other Person as shall be duly qualified and empowered to do the Duty of an Assistant Barrister therein, shall, on receiving such Notice a$ aforesaid, forthwith repair to such County, and shall continue in the said County, and be present at the said Sessions, in Manner hereinafter mentioned, so long as the said County, or any Part thereof, shall continue to be so proclaimed, so as that so long as any such County or any Part thereof shall be proclaimed, there shall always be therein an Assistant Barrister, or Persons duly empowered to discharge the Duties of the said Office.

XVc And be it enabled. That it shall apd may be lawful for such Serjeant at Law, or Counsel learned in the Law, to preside in the said Court of Sessions of the Peace as the Chief Judge thereof, and that such Court of Sessions of the Peace shall, for the Purposes of this Act, and in all Proceedings under the same, have and possess all and every the Jurifdi&ions, Powers, and Authorities belonging and incident to a Court of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery, and shall proceed without any Grand Jury, and without any Bill found, to try any Person or Persons who shall, by Information on Oath, taken before any Justice of the Peace of the County wherein such Court shall fit, and returned to the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, or his Deputy , be accused of any of the Matters and Things in refpecc whereof any Person is by this A£t declared to be an idle and dhorde rly Person, and shall try such Person or Persons on Evidence on Oath, to be administered by such Court, in fuppovt of such Accufa-47 Gao, III.	U	tion;

289

considered as proclaimed.

Proclamations shall he conclusive Evidence hi Civil and Criminal Court*.

Lord Lieutenant may appoint a King’s Serjeant or Counsel to preside at Special Sessions.

Such Serjeant or Counsel shall preside as Chief. Judge, and Sessions shall have all Powers as Court of Oyer and Terminer,

&c. and proceed without Information of Grand [ury, or Verdict of a Petty j ury.

2ce>

C. 13.

470 GEO. III. Seff.

A.D.1807.

or may try by a Petty Jury.

General Sessions may be held.

Pei Cons found abroad at Night shall be brought before

Magiftjate.f, 'and tried as idle and diibi deny.

Magistrate may [earci-t Houles by Alight j

tion ; and on Evidence upon Oath, to be in like Manner administered, in support of the Defence of inch Person or Persons, if any fucli Evidence fhallbe offered; and shall convict and pass Judgement upon, or acquit the Persons so tried, acccording as the Merits of the Case shall appear to the Court before whom the same shall be tried ; and that such Conviction, and Judgement or Acquittal, may be bad and pronounced without the Verdict of any Petty Jury, and shall be equally good and valid in Law as if fuchJudgement had been had on a Bill found by a lawful Grand Jury, and the Verdict of a lawful Petty Juyy, given thereon : Provided always, that if such Court shall think fit and proper, having due Regard to the Circumfiances of the Case, and the then ex iff mg State and Condition of the County, to try any Person or any Fact alledged on any such Trial, by a Jury, it shall and may be lawful for such Court to cause a Petty Jury to be returned, sworn, arid impannelled immediately, or at any Time they may appoint, for the Trial of such Person or Persons, Fad or Fads, as they shall give in Charge to such Jury, and to take and consider such Verdict as of the same Force and Effect as to the Matter given them in charge, as the Verdict of a Petty Jury in a Court of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery, and shall pass their Judgement on such Case accordingly : Provided also, that the Execution of any Judgement of Conviction fhaff be suspended unless the Serjeant at Law, or Counsel learned in the Law, so presiding in such Court of Sessions of the Peace, shall agree with the Majority of the Justices of the Peace present at such Court; and in case such Serjeant at Law, or Counsel learned in the Law, should differ in Opinion from the Majority of the Justices present at such Court of Sessions of the Peace, he shall forthwith report the Case, and the Whole of the Evidence taken upon the same, together with his Opinion, to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors for the Time being, who is hereby empowered to give such Directions thereupon as he may think proper; and that until the Directions of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the Time being, shall have been received, the Priloner shall remain in Custody : Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent the holding the General Sessions of the Peace in such County, in the usual Manlier, for dii-charging the ordinary Bulinefs thereof, at such Hours as the said Special Sessions shall not be fitting.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That any Magistrate or Peace Officer may cause to be apprehended and committed any Person who shall, within any such County or District so proclaimed, be found in the Fields, Streets, Highways, or elsewhere, out of his or her Dwelling or Place of Abode, at any Time, from One Hour after Sun-fet until Sun-rife; and such Person being duly charged therewith on Oath as aforesaid, shall and may be brought before the said Special * Sessions of the Peace, which shall enquire into the said Charge ; and unless the Person accused can prove to the Satisfaction of such Court, taking the Assistance of a Jury, when and so far only as such Court shall require the same, that he or she was out of his or her House upon his or her lawful Occaftons, such Person fhallbe deemed an idle and di[orderly Person.

XVII.	And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for any Justice ot the Peace, or any Person thereto authorized by

the

a. b. 1807.-

4'/° GEO. III. SeiT. 3.

C.1

0*

291

y Ji^flice of the Peace, at any Time from One Hour akfcnt Per Tons 1 Sun-rife, to demand Admiikon, and in case Ad- Tfenv cl ,‘die obtained within a reasonable Time ul Jr°er

the Warrant of an after Sun-let until

million ill all be refused, or not obtained within a after it shall have been hr ft demanded, to enter by force into any House in any County or Di li rid so proclaimed as aforesaid, from which he /hall fulpect the Inhabitants, or any of them, to be then absent, and feared therein, so as to discover whether the Inhabitants or Inmates, or arty of them, be absent ; and if the Inhabitants or Inmates, or any of them, be absent between the said Hours, any Magi-Urate or Peace Officer may cause to be apprehended and committed the Person or Persons so absent, who /hall be brought before the said Court of Special Sefiions as aforesaid, and shall be deemed idle and disorderly, unless he, she, or they can prove to the Satisfaction of the said Court, with or without the Aid of a Jury as aforesaid, that he, she, or they were absent on his, her, or their lawful and proper Oc-c'alions : Provided always, that such Justice of the Peace authorizing and directing any Person or Persons to make such Search, shall make a true and faithful Report of the Names of all Persons so deputed to make such Search, and their Quality and Defcriptiens, to the Special Sefiions within the Space of Seven Days after such Search,

XVII I* And be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall take pe) Tons taking or enter into any of the unlawful Oaths or Engagements he rein-before unlawful Oaths mentioned, not being compelled thereto by inevitable Necefiity, shall (,cerned ,dJe and be deemed idle and disorderly Perlons : Provided always, that if any ^fmdeily, &c. Person accused of taking or entering into any such unlawful Oath or Engagement Ilia 11 have been tried for such FaCt before such Court of Special Sefiions of the Peace, in the Mode prescribed by this Act, he, five, or they shall not be liable to be tried again or questioned for the same FaCl or Offence before any other Jurisdiction whatsoever.

XIX.	And be it enacted, That if any Justice of the Peace or other As ailb Persons Person authorized by the Warrant of such Justice, shall in any such ,n_ proclaimed proclaimed DiftriCt find any Arms or Ammunition, or any Pike, ^|.^cr5 ^v<n£ Pike-head, Spear, Dirk, or any other offensive Weapon of any Kind unlawfully; whatsoever, in the House or Power or Poffefiion of any Person what-

soever, concealed or othenvise, after the Person or Persons inhabiting the said House, or the Person or Persons who shall have the same so in his or her PofTeftlon shall have been called upon to deliver up the same, any such Person shall be deemed an idle and disorderly Person, unless such Person shall prove to the Satisfaction of the Court of Special Sefiions that such Arms, Ammunition, or offensive Weapons as aforesaid, were in his, her, or their House, Power, or Poffefiion, without his, her, or their Knowledge, Privity, or Content;

XX.	And be it further enacted, That all Persons found assembled Andalfo PeKons in any proclaimed DiftriCt in any House licensed or unlicensed, in found in Publick which Malt Liquors or Spirituous Liquors are fold, not being In- Houses at Night, mates thereof, or Traveliers, after the Hours of Nine at Night, and

before Six in the Morning, shall be deemed idle and disorderly Persons.

XXL And be it further enaCfed, That if in any DiftriCt so as afore- And atfoPerfb.!* said proclaimed, any Persons shall unlawfully or tumultuously assemble tumuVuoufly in the Day-time, such Persons, and every of them, shall be deemed afleoabUd. idle and disorderly Persons. .

U 2	XXII,	And

47° GEO. III. Seff. 2.

292	C.	13.

A.D. 1807.

Pumfhment of Persons deemed idle and cliformerly, 7 Years Tranfuoi tation.

Proceedings of Special Sc-(lions not removable by Certiorari, &c.

Perfonsadjudged to be transported may be removed to other Gaois.

Sheriffs and

XXII.	And be it further enabled, That all Persons convicted of being such idle and disorderly Persons as aforesaid shall be transported for Seven Years by the Order, Judgement, and Sentence of the said Court of Special Sessions of the Peace ; and such Order, Judgement, and Sentence shall be of the like Force and Effect, and shall be forthwith carried into Execution, in the same Manner, in all respects, as if the same had been the lawful Order, Judgement, and Sentence of a Court of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Pioceeding of the said Court of Special Sessions, or Judgement or Conviction had or pronounced by the said Court, shall be moved into His Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench by any Writ of Certiorari or otherwise, or shall be examinable, quashed, or reversed ; but that the Judgements 10 had or pronounced by the said Court, shall be final and conelusive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Court, after adjudging any Person to be transported as aforesaid, immediately on such Adjudication, to order and cause such Person 10 adjudged to be transmitted out of the County, if such Court shall think proper, to any other Gaol in Ireland, there to remain until he or they shall be removed and transported pursuant to the said Adjudication.

XXV.	And be it further enacted, That all Sheriffs and Gaolers in

Gaolers an fmenable fur f.n'e Cuf-tudyof P»'i loners.

Persons hawking leciitious Papers, deemed idle and di['orderly, and inrpsitoned for

iz Months.

Just ices, Gr. in proclaimed Dif-triGs mav call upon Persons to deliver up regif-tered Arms, and may enter and 1".arch for and take Arms for lufc Custody.

Ireland shall receive and be answerable for the safe Keeping of all Persons so transmitted, and to them respectively delivered, as if they had been so delivered for Transportation by the Order of the Court of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery of the County, Town, or City, in which the Gaol lies,

XXVI.	And be it further enadbed, That if any Person shall hawk or disperse any seditious Handbill, Paper, or Pamphlet, in such proclaimed Diffridt, such Person, unleis he or she shall discover to the Satisfaction of such Court of Special Sessions of the Peace, the Person or Persons from whom he or file received, or by whom he or {he was employed to fell, hawk, or disperse such Paper, shall be deemed an idle and disorderly Person within the Meaning of this Act, but shall not as such be liable to Traniportation 4 but shall, by and under the Sentence of the said Court be committed to the Gaol of such County for a Time not exceeding Twelve Calendar Months.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace, or any Person authorized by the Warrant of Two such Justices of the Peace, in any Diftridc so proclaimed, and whilst such Proclamation shall remain in force, to call upon every Person within such District, who shall have regift^red Arms under the Proviffons of any Adi or Adis of Parliament heretofore made or hereafter to be made, to produce or account for or deliver up all Arms, Ammunition, or offensive Weapon whatsoever, which such Person ill all have in his, her, or their Possession ; and to enter any House or Place whatsoever, and search for Arms and Ammunition, and to take and carry away all Arms and Ammunition, whether so regiffered or not, which they may think necessary to take Possession of, in order to preserve or reffore the Publick Peace, and to dispose thereof in a Place or Places of Safety; Provided nevertheless, that

the

m

A J), 1807.	470 GEO. III. SdE 2.	C. 33,

the Justices or other Person taking such Arms do, upon Demand, give to the Owner or Possessor thereof a Receipt, signifying theNumber and Kinds thereof, to the End that when such Diftri£t shall cease to be disturbed, such Arms and Ammunition may be restored to the Person from whom the same were taken, if he or she be entitled to receive and keep the same, or may be otherwise disposed of as the Law directs : Provided always, that nothing in the foregoing Clause contained'fliall affect any Person serving in His Majesty’s Regular or Militia Foroes, or in any Yeomanry Corps, or any Privy Councillor, or Member of Parliament, or Peace Officer, in refpedf of any Arms that they have in their Custody.

XXVIII.	And be it enacted. That the said Court of Special Sessions of the Peace shall not take Cognizanee of any Offence whatfo-ever, save only the Offence of being idle and disorderly Persons under this A 61 : Provided always, that nothing herein shall be construed to take away from such Court such Powers of fining or imprisoning, in a iummary Way, for Contempts or other Miicondudf, or of removing or puniihing any Peace Officer or Officers of such Court, as are incident to a Court of Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery.

XXIX.	And be it enacted, That every Justice of the Peace who shall take any Information again ft any Person or Perions for any Offence of which the Cognizance is by this Act given to the said Court of Special Sessions of the Peace, shall immediately return every such Information to the Clerk of the Peace of the said County, who shall forthwith lay the same before the said Court.

XXX.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all. Magistrates of the adjacent Counties at large respectively, to execute this Act within the several Comities of Cities, or Counties of Towns in Ireland, except the County of the City of Dublin ; and in like Manner that the several Magistrates of such Counties of Cities, and Counties of Towns, shall have like Powers to execute this Act in the adjacent Counties at large.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted, That all the Powers and Authorities given to, and all Duties required from Magistrates of Counties at large, under and by this Act, shall be and are hereby given to and required from all Magistrates of Counties of Towns, or Counties of Cities in Ireland.

XXXII.	And be it further enacted. That if any Adfion, Suit, Plaint, or Information shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for what he or they shall do in pursuance and Execution of this Act, the same shall be commenced within Six Months after the Offence committed, and shall be brought or laid within the County where the Act was committed ; and such Person so sued may plead the General Issue of Not Guilty, and upon [flue joined may give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence ; and if the Plaintiff or Prosecutor shall become nonsuit, or forbear Profecntion, or suffer a Discontinuance, or if a Verdi6l or Judgement on Demurrer shall pass against him, the Defendant shall recover Treble Colls.

XXXIII.	c And Whereas Doubts may arise whether any such ‘ A&ion, Suit, Plaint, or Information, was so commenced or prole-

*	cuted against the Defendant or Defendants therein, for what he or

*	they did in pursuance or Execution of this Act be it enatfted. That in all Cases where there shall be a Verdi6lfor the Defendant, if it

U 3	fhall

Not to extend to R egular or Mnitia Foroes, or Ycomamy Corps, Sec.

Special Sessions (hail nor take Cognizance of any Offence, except under this Ait, See.

Justices shall re-turnlnfji (nation to CK rks of me Peace, to he laid be(o'e Special Sessions.

Magistrates m^y ait in adj -.cent Counties, Sec.

Powers of this Aft extended t® all Magistrates.

Limitation of Aitionsf Six Months.

Power to fuggefi: on the Record that me Action was brought for Matter under this Avl,

294

C.i3,

47° GEO. III. Sell, 2.

A.D.1807.

On Verdi cl f<>: t\iT, if Judge ccriifics probable C;iu!e, only 6cl.

Damages, and no Colls.

T rehle Co (Is to P a i 111 i if j f 1 n j u: y • s malicious.

Tore] Lieutenant m..y revoKc Piodamaticns.

shall appear to the Judge or Court before whom the said Cause shall have been tried, that the same was prosecuted for any Act done in purfuar.ee or Execution of this Aft, such Judge or Court shall certify the same on the Record, and thereupon such Treble Colts shall be adjudged as aforesaid; and if the Plaintiff or Profecutov shall become nonsuit, or forbear Prosecution, or fuller a Difeontiuuance, or if Judgement shall pais a gain It him on Demurrer, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants, or any of them, to fugged on the Record that such Action, Suit, Plaint, or Information was brought against such Defendant or Defendants for what he* or they did in puriuance or Execution of this Adi, which Suggeffion may be traversed by the Plaintiff if he shall think proper so to do, and Issue being joined thereupon, the same shall be tried at NJl Prius, according to the ufival Course of such Court on Issues joined therein; and if such Suggeffion shall not be traversed, or being traversed the Issue thereon shall be found for such Lefendant or Defendants, he or they shall thereupon be entitled to his or their Treble Coils as afore^

- laid, together with the Treble Coffs of the said Suggeffion, and of the Proceedings thereon (if any) ; and if such Issue shall be found for the said Plaintiff, he shall be entried to the Coils of the said Sug-gestion, and the Proceedings thereon, and the lame shall be let off against the Coffs to be adjudged to the Defendant or Defendants making such Suggeffion on the said Action ; such Plaint or Information, and the Judgement, shall be for the Balance of the said Coffs, if any.

XXXIV,	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That when a Verdict shall be given for the Plaintiff in any Action to be brought against any Juffice of the Peace, Peace Officer, or other Person, for taking or imprisoning, or detaining any Person, or for ieizing Arms, or entering Honfes under colour of any Authority given by tills Act, and it shall appear to the Judge or Judges before whom the same shall be tried, that there was a probable Cause for doing the Adi complained of in such Action, and the Judge or Court shall certify the same on Record, then and in that Case the Plaintiff shall not be entitled to more than Sixpence Damages, nor to any Coffs of Suit : Provided also, that where a Verdict shall be given for the Plaintiff in any such Action as aforesaid, and the Judge or Court before whom the Cause shall be tried, shall certify on the Record that the Injury for which such Action is brought was wilfully and maliciously committed, the Plaintiff shall be entitled to Treble Coils ox Suit.

XXXV.	And be it enadied, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, by a new Proclamation, to be made by and with the Advice of the Privy Council for Ireland, to revoke any Proclamation issued in pursuance of this Act, as to the Whole or any Part of the Diffridl thereby proclaimed ; which new Proclamation shall be forthwith tranfmiued by the Clerk of the Privy Council, to the Clerk of the Peace of such County, who shall notify the same to the said Court of Sessions of the Peace forthwith, if the said Court shall be actually fitting when he shall receive the same, and if not, then at the next Sitting of such Court, and such Court fnall there* upon cause the same to be read in open Court ; and on such new Proclamation being so read, the original Proclamation mentioned

therein

Hosted by

*95

A.D 1807*	47^ GEO. III. Seffi. 2.	C. 13.

therein shall forthwith {land and be revoked, so far as the said new Proclamation shall purport to revoke the same; and if no Part of such County shall then remain proclaimed, such Special Sefiions of the Peace shall forthwith cease and determine.

XXXVI.	And be it enabled, That it shall and may be lawful How King** for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Serjeant or Ireland, for the Time being, to order such Sum or Sums of Money C°^niel be as he or they shall think proper, to be advanced out of the Confo- ^>“I

lidated Fund, to every such Serjeant at 1-aw, Counsel learned in the Law, or Afiiflant Barriller, or Person doing the Duty of such Afiiflant Barriller, who shall preside or be present in such Court of Special Sefiions of the Peace as aforesaid, as a Compenlation for such his Time and Trouble.

XXXVII.	And be it further enabled, That it shall be lawful for Grand Juries the Grand Jury of every such County in which such Special Sefiions mjy present for shall be held, at the next ensuing Affixes, and for the Grand Juries Ex pence.<5

at the next presenting Terms for the County and County of the City J’cmrtcl in . of Dublin, in case such Special Sefiions of the Peace shall be held therein relpectively, and they are respectively hereby required to present a Sum to be raised off the County, if the Whole thereof shall be so proclaimed, and it not, then off such Part thereof as shall be so proclaimed, for the Purposes following ; that is fay, in the first Place to repay to the said Consolidated Fund the said Sum or Sums so advanced to any such Serjeant at Law, Counsel learned in the Law, or Afiiflant Barriller, or Person doing his Duty as aforesaid; and in the next Place, to pay to the acting Clerk of the Peace of such County, after the Rate of One Guinea for each Day he shall be employed in attending any such Special Sefiions of the Peace which he shall personally attend ; and in the next Place, such Sum as may be necessary to pay the Expences of fending Prisoners to Gaol under the Provisions of this Adi, not exceeding the Sum of Three-pence per Mile for each Constable and Afiiltant, which the Person or Persons. who shall sign the Warrant of Commitment shall certify to have been ordered by him or them to go with such Prisoner; and lastly, all such Sums as may be requisite to defray the Expences necessarily incurred in the Execution of this Adi ; and the said Sums shall be so raised and paid accordingly ; and the Amount of the said Sum so advanced out of the Consolidated Fund shall, when raised, be paid by the Treasurer of such County to the Collector of Excise for the District ; and no other Presentment shall be fiated by the Judge or Court at such Assizes or presenting Term respectively, until iuch Presentment shall iirft have been made by the said Grand Jury thereat.

XXXVIII.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That this Adi shall Commencement take Effect and be in force from and after the Thirty-fir ft Day of July a"d Co,,,l,Ruanc« One thousand eight hundred and seven aforesaid ; and shall continue in 0 c *

force for Two Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament*

V 4	CAP.

2g(>

C.14.

470 GEO.

III. Seff.2.

A.D.1807.

New Dulses oF Sumps granted, according to Schedule annexed.

CAP. XIV.

An Act to repeal certain Duties of Excise, and also certain Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to grant certain new Stamp Duties in lieu thereof; and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland.	[1 ft Augitjl 1807.]

rHEREAS it is expedient to repeal certain Excise Duties* and also several of the Stamp Duties heretofore granted to : His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to be paid and payable c in Ireland : And Whereas in lieu of the said Duties, and towards c railing the Supplies granted to Your Majesty, and necefiary for the c Support of Your Majesty’s Go vernment, the Commons of Great c Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, have resolved to grant c to Your Majesty certain new and other Duties on stamped Vellum ‘ and Parchment, and Paper, and on other Articles and Things,

6 under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamp Duties in < Irelandand do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembLd, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the palling of this Aft, there fnall be 1 ailed, levied, coliested, and paid in Ireland, unto His Majesty, His He;rs and Successors, for and in respect of the several Instruments, Articles, Matters, and Things mentioned, enumerated, and described in the Schedule to this Aft: annexed, which said Schedule, and every Matter and Thing therein contained, shall be deemed and taken as Part of this Aft to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, the several Sums of Money and Duties of Stamps as they are respectively inserted, described, and fet forth in Words and Figures in the said Schedule, in lieu of the Duties on and in respect of the said Articles, Matters, and Things, under any Aft or Acts in force in Ireland; and that all and every Aft and Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland importing to charge the said Instruments, Articles, Matters, and Things, or any of them, with any other Stamp Duties or Duty, than as in the said Schedule fet forth as aforesaid, shall, from and after the said Day, Hand and be repealed, so far as such Aft or Acts l'o import to charge such other Stamp Duty or’Stamp Duties on the said Articles, Matters, and Things respectively.

II. And be it further enacted. That from and after the Expiration of Ten .Days after the palling of this Aft, the Duties hereinafter mentioned and expressed shall be and the same are hereby repealed; that is to say, the Duties of Excise made payable in Ireland, under and by virtue of an Aft made in the last Sellion of Parliament in-Duties of Stamps tituled, An Act to grant to His Majesty, certain Inland Duties of Excise under 47 G. 3. ang rJgaxes [n Ireland, and to allow certain Drawbacks in respect thereof in lieu of former Duties of Excise, Taxes, and Drawbacks, for and in respect of any Licence to any Person in Ireland to fell by Retail, Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter, Ale, Cyder, or Perry, Me-theglin or Mead, together with the Sum of One Shilling in the Pound on the Amount of the said Duties ; and also, the Duties of Stamps, granted by an Aft, made in the said Forty-feventh Year, intituled.

An

Duties oa Licences to Spirit Rentiers under 47 G. 3. SefT. 1. c, iS. and certain

Sell. t. c. 50. repealed.

Hosted

d

A.D. 1807.	47°GEO. III. SefT.2* 0.142	297

An Act to repeal the several Duties under the Care of the Commijfoners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to grant neat' and additional Duties in lieu thereof and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland, upon and in respect of the several Articles, Matters, and Things following ; that is to say, upon any Commission under the Great Seal of Ireland, directed to any Commissioners of Bankrupts ; or upon any Return which shall be made by any Sheriff, Coroner,

Commissioner, Mayor, Seneschal, or other Officer, on or to any Writ or other Process to him or them dirested, which shall issue from or out of any of the superior Courts of Law or Equity, or from or out of the Admiralty Court, or from any of the Ecclesiastical Courts, or any other Court in Ireland, in any Suit at Law or in Equity ; or upon any Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hand only, of any Sheriff or Sheriffs, or.his or their Under Sheriff respectively ; or upon the Appointment of any Person to be Sub-Sheriff for any County, County of a City, or County of a Town in Ireland; and all the said Duties shall accordingly cease and determine ; any Thing in any Aft or Acts of force inIreland to the contrary not with flan ding.

III.	And be it further enacted, That the Duties by this Aft Dutjes ft,au \iC granted shall be paid and payable in British Currency, and that all paid to Receiver Monies arising by the said Duties shall be paid from Time to Time General of into the Hands of the Receiver General for the Time being of the Sranips, and Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper in Ireland, who Confolidited shall pay the same (the necessary Charges of railing, paying, and ac- Fund. counting for the same, being dedufted) into the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland, at such Time and in such Manner as the Duties

on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are by Law directed to be paid ; and all Monies so paid into the said Receipt as afore -faid shall be carried to, and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That the several Duties hereby Duties shall be

granted shall be under the Government, Care, and Management of the under Manage-Commiffioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties mcnt °/ charged upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, in Ireland;	’s°ncrs

and the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and required to ufe

such Stamps, in order to denote the Duties payable by this Aft, as have been heretofore provided to denote former Duties of the like Nature, or to cause new Stamps to be provided for that Furpose; and to alter the same, or any of them, from Time to Time, and to do all other Things necessary to be done for putting this Aft into Execution, with relation to the several Duties hereby granted in the like and as full and ample a Manner as they are authorized to put in Execution any former Law concerning any Duties under their Management.

V.	‘ And Whereas by an Aft, palled in the Forty-fixth Year of Stamp _

‘ His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Alt to repeal the several Duties

c under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Duties uponftamped gr3|J° LicenCe3

* Vellum, Parchment, and Paper in Ireland, and to grant new and ad- to Retail Hats ‘ clitional Duties in lieu thereof, and to amend the Laws relating to under 46 G. 3.

1 Stamp Duties in Ireland, it is amongst other Things enacted, that c* 64- § 3$* may

4	the Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland for the Time being

*	or any of them, or any Person or Persons to be for that Purpose ap- ^'fell Haw by

5	pointed by the said Commissioners, should and might under his or Wholesale.

c their

29^

C. 14.

47s GEO. III. SeiT. 2.

i\.D. 1807.

Oath squired I y 4SG.5. c.04. §.fc,

uom M-inuFcic-

turt’i s cr Seilers of Hats repealed^

Bonds shall I>e

given by Per Tors j ice tiled to m an u tad ture and fell Hats.

Bond to be given by 1 mpurtei $ 01 Hats.

‘ their Hand or Hands, grant any Licence or Licences (without Fee * or Reward; to any Person or Persons who shall require the same, in < Writing, to fell Hats by Retailbe it enacted, That from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the palling of this Adi, the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties in Ireland for the Time being, or any of them, or any Person or Persons to be for that Purpose appointed by the said Commissioners, or any One of them, shall and may, under his or their Hand or Hands, grant a Licence or Licences (without Fee or Reward) to any Person or Persons who shall require the same, in Writing, to fell Hats by Wholesale, whether homemade or imported; and that any such Licence shall, as to the Form and Manner thereof, and as to the granting thereof, be subject to the same Rules and Regulations, and all Persons exerciiing such Trade or Calling without a Licence shall be subject to the same Penalties, as if the said Licence, and the Stamp Duty thereon, had been enacted and contained in the said recited Adi of the Forty-fixth Year, and in the said Clause thereof above recited ; and that every iuch Licence shall have printed on the Face thereof, a Lill of the several Duties payable for and upon theseveral Sorts of Hats fold by Retail.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Adi, as enadls and directs, that any Person requiring a Licence to manufacture Flats, or to fell Flats by Retail, in Manner therein mentioned, shall make Oath in Manner therein for the said Persons re-Ipectively mentioned, shall, from and after the palling of this Act, be and the lame is hereby repealed.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That from and after Ten Days after the palling of this Adi, any Person or Persons requiring a Licence to manufadiure or fell Hats, shall first: duly execute and deliver to the said Commissioners, or some of them, or to any Person or Persons empowered to grant such Licence respectively, a Bond payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Succefiors, in the Penal Sum of One hundred Pounds, conditioned as follows ; that is to say, if such Licence shall be to manufadiure Hats, or to fell imported Hats by Wholesale, then such Bond shall be conditioned, that the Person or Persons obtaining such Licence shall not fell any less Quantity than one Dozen of Hats at any one Time, to any one Person without taking out a Licence to utter or vend Flats by Retail ; and that such Person or Persons shall not fell any Flats mounted or ornamented, which shall not have a Lining affixed therein duly {lamped according to Law ; and if such Licence shall authorize the Person or Persons obtaining the same to utter or vend Flats by Retail, then such Bond shall be conditioned, that the Person obtaining the same (hail not utter, vend, or fell, or cause to be uttered, vended, or fold any Hat whatsoever, which shall not have a Lining affixed therein, duly {lamped according to Law ; and that such Person will not defraud, or willingly permit or suffer any Person in the Service or Employment of such Person to defraud, or in any other Manner, directly or mdi-redlly, be concerned, aiding, or abetting in defrauding His Majeity, Flis Fleirs or Succefiors, of any of the Stamp Duties on Hats.

VIII.	And be it further enacted. That all and every Person and Persons who shall hereafter import Flats into Ireland for Sale, shall, before the same shall be discharged by the proper Officer of His M.a-

jelly’s

3

jelly’s Customs, duly execute and deliver to such Officer a Bond, pay* able to Kis Majeity, His Heirs and Successors, in a penal Sum amounting to Three Shillings for each and every Hat so then imported ; which Bond, after reciting the Number and Quality of the Hats so imported respectively, shall be conditioned, that if the Per-fon importing such Hats shall fell any of the said fiats with any Mounting or Ornament thereon, such Importer shall duly pa}- or cause to be paid to the Person or Perions duly authorized to receive the lame, all and every Stamp Duty or Duties payable thereon, and if inch Importer shall fell the said Hats, or any'of them, without any such Mounting or Ornament thereon, that then and in every such Case such Importer shall, before the delivering the same to the Pur-chafer, give or cause to be given to the said Commissioners of Stamps, or some of them (if such Purehafer [hail re fide within the Diflnct of Dublin, of if such Purehafer shall reside in any other Part of Ireland, then to a Difhihutor of Stamps of the Dillridt in which such Pur-chafer fnall rdide) a Notice in Writing, ligned by such Importer, ipecifying the Number and Value of the Plats so fold, and to whom the same are so fold ; and every such Purehafer or Pcrlon to whom such Plats fnall be fold without any Mounting or Ornament, /hail, within Ten Days from the Day of such Sale, duly execute and deliver to such Commissioners or Diihibutors relpedtively a Bond, payable to His Majesty, Plis Heirs and Successors, in a penal Sum amounting to Three Shillings for every Hat so then fold, which Bond, after reciting the Number and Cuality of the said Plats so then fold, shall be conditioned in the same Manner as the said Bonds heretofore mentioned and directed to be given by the importer of such Hats.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Per fens so purchaling any Hat or Hats so imported, fnall refuse, negleet, or omit, for the said Space of Ten Days Irom the Day of purchasing the same, to execute and deliver such Bond as aforesaid, then and in every such Case every such Person shall for every such RefuiaP Negleet, or Omission, forfeit a Sum after the Rate of Three Shillings for each Hat so. purchased.

X.	And be it further enabled, That all and every Person and Per-fons who shall at any Time import, or cause to be imported, Plats to the Amount in Number of Twelve, shall, without further Proof, be deemed, taken, and confldered, to all Intents and Purposes, as importing the same for Sale.

XP And be it further enabled, That all and every Bond and Bonds which fnall be delivered to any of the Persons aforesaid, other than to the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, shall as foori as may be afterwards, be transmitted to the said Commissioners of the Stamp Duties ; and the same, together with all Bonds which shall be firll delivered to the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties as aforesaid, shall vefpe&ively be kept, filed, and proceeded on by the said Commissioners, in such Manner as is ufiial and lawful in such Cases re-fpectively.

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the pafling of this AH, no Manufacturer or ManufaHurers, Importer or Importers, or other Person or Persons, who shall fell Hats by Wholesale, or who shall fell any Hats not mounted or ornamented* shall fuffec the same to be taken away or

removed

P.ond by PuiCiMK-rs of Hat, 1 * or mounted,

Penalty on such Purchasers not entering into

Rond 3;. per Hat.

Who shall be

deemed Importers of Hars for Sale.

Bonds shall be tranfmiUtd to Stamp Office, and filed.

Manufacturer* and Importers

lha)i n l ,end

out Ha's without Permit from Stamp Office, Penalty tool.

See 43 G. 3.

Co 2 2,. §24*

C. 14.

470 GEO. III. SelT.2.

300

Purcluifer need not take out Permit.

See 43 G. 3. c. 22. § 24.

So much of 47 G. 3. c. 50. § *3* as invalidates Renewals of Leases nut damped, repealed.

47 G, 3. c. 50. § t7- as to Return of Writs, repealed.

47 G. 3, c. 50,

§ (S. as to Acceptances on repealed*

A.D.1807.

removed from his, her, or their Pofsession, until he, she, or they shall have previously furniilied to the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties, if in Dublin, or the Distributor of Stamps of the District, if in any other Part of Ireland, a true Statement in Writing, fubicribed with his, her, or their proper Name or Names, and Handwriting or Hand' writings, of the Number and Quality of fueh Hats ; and until he, she, or they Hi all have previously taken out from some one of the said Commissioners it in Dublin, or from some Person appointed by the said Commissioners or any one of them, or if in' any other Part of Ireland, then from the Distributor of Stamps of the District, a Permit under the Hand of such Commissioners or Distributor respectively, authorizing the Removal ar.d taking away of such Hats, and stating the Number and Quality of such Hats according to the said written Statement thereof, which Permit the said Commissioners and Diftri-* butors respectively are hereby authorized to grant y and if such Person or Persons shall furnish a false Statement to the said Commissioners or Distributors respectively, of the Number or Quality of the Hats Jo to be removed, or shall suffer such Plats to be removed from his, her, or their Possession., without having previously obtained such Permit, he, flic, or they shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XIII.	And be it further enabled, That from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the pafiing of this Aft, it shall not be necef-fary for the Perion purchafmg such Hats to furnish any Statement thereof to the said Commissioners, or to obtain any Permit for the Removal thereof; any Thing in any Aft or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XIV.	And he it further enacted, That so much and such Part of the said recited Aft of the Forty-feventh Year, for repealing the several Duties under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland, and granting new and additional Duties in lieu thereof, and for amending the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland, as enacts, that every Deed or Instrument whereby any Lease or Demise of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in Ireland, should be renewed, which lhould not be stamped in Manner by the said Aft dirested, should be wholly void and of no Efsect, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That so much and such Part of

the said last recited Aft as enacts, that from and after the First Day of No<ve??iber One thousand eight hundred and seven, every Writ which shall be issued in Ireland for any Purpose whatever, shall be returned by the Sheriff or other Person to whom the same shall be directed on the Day and Time mentioned in such Writ for the Return thereof, and according to the Exigency of such Return ; and that if any Writ shall not be returned and filed in the proper Office of the Court out of which such Writ shall issue, within the Space of Four Days after the Day or Time required by Law for the Return thereof, the Sheriff, Under Sheriff, or other Officer |whofe Duty it shall be to have returned the same, should forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.	'

XVI.	And be it further enabled, That so mticb and such Part of the said recited Adi as enacts and directs, that the Acceptance of every Bill of Exchange, Bank Post Bill, or other Bill, made by any

Merchant,

A.D. 1807.

470 GEO. III. Sell'.2.

C. 14.

47	G3.

■

A cl millions into Corpooiliom,. regaled iii i\*rr.

Merchant, Banker, cr Trader in Ireland, shall be written on the Front of such Bill of Exchange, Bank Poll Bill, or other Bill, between the Address of the Acceptor and the Name of the Drawer, and even with the same, and that fnch Acceptance shall also be written on some Part of the Writing of such Bill of Exchange, Bank Poll Bill, or other Bill, so that the same cannot be detached from such Bill of Exchange, Bank Pod Bill, or other Bill, without also destroying some Part of the Body of the Writing of such Bill of Exchange, Bank Poll Bill, or other Bill respectively, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That so much and such Part of the said recited Adi as enadls and directs, that every Minute or Memorandum of Admifiion into any Body Politick or Corporate, Corporation or Company in Ireland, shall bear Date and take Effect from the Day when the same shall be made, written, and entered upon the proper Stamp, pursuant to the Directions of the said Adi, and not before; and that if the Stamp Duty on any such Entry, Minute, or Memorandum, shall remain unpaid by the Space of One Month after the Day of Meeting of such Body Politick or Corporate, Corporation or Company, on which such AdmifTion was directed, then such Admifiion of such Person into such Corporation or Company shall be entirely void and of none Efsect, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That so much and such Part Sj mucil of the said before recited Adi as directs that every Admifiion of any

Person into any Body Politick or Corporate, Corporation or Com- c^.tajn Adrnif-pany in Ireland, the Entry, Minute, or Memorandum whereof should fioi.s into not have been stamped before the palling of the said Act, or should Corporations, not be stamped pursuant to the said Adi, within Six Months after rePealcch the palling of the said recited Adi, should be absolutely null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

XIX.	And be it further enacted. That every Admifiion made be- All Admiffionk-

fore the pafiing of this Adi into any Body Politick or Corporate, before this Ait Corporation or Company, in Ireland, shall be and be deemed, taken,	if	^

and conftruedto be, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as good, had not'paifed* valid, and effectual in Law, as if the said recited Adi had not been

made ; any Thing in the said recited Adi contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XX.	And be it further enacted, That so much and such Part of 46 G* 3* c-the said recited Adi of the Forty-fixth Year, for repealing Stamp Duties, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof, as enadls and directs, repealed, that all civil Bill Procefies, and all Copies thereof, fhall" be signed,

dated, and appointed for each particular Cause and Sefiion, by the respective Afiiftant Barriflers in every County in Ireland, and that every such Afiiftant Barrister shall for signing, dating, and appointing every such original Process and all the Copies thereof, receive from the Plaintiff or Person issuing or requiring such Process, the Sum of Sixpence Britljh Currency in the Whole, and no more; and that every Plaintiff, obtaining a Decree shall be entitled to recover against the Defendant such Sum of Sixpence, in Addition to the other legal Costs theretofore recoverable by Law ; and that any Person using any such Process, or Copy or Copies thereof, for any other Purpose than

that

?'.>r damping Rule B.n»!v$ of i-jkrior Courts.

Penalties payable iu i>i uifh Cuncncy.

Powers of 43 G. 3. C.2I, 21, and 23. and 40 G. 3. c.64. extended to this Adi,

that for which such Copy or Process was so signed, dated, and appointed, iliould be adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanor, and punishable as for a Misdemeanor at Common Law, shall be and the fa ne is hereby repealed.

XXI.	And, for the more conveniently afcertainir.g the Duties oil Rules and Orders to be from Time to Time made and given in any Court of Law or Equity, in any Ecclefiafiical Court, or Court of Admiralty, or in any other Court in Ireland holding Pleas, where the Debt or Damage doth amount to Forty Shillings, or the Thing in Demand or Cause of Suit is of that Value (other than and except the Courts of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, Chancery or Exchequer, in Dublin) ; be it enacted, That the Officer and Officers of each and every such Court, having the legal Custody of the Rule Books belonging to each of the said Courts refpeftivcly, shall from Time to Time, once in every Three Months, of within Ten Days after, the lath Day of each and every Term, or of each and every Selfion of such Court re-fpeftively, produce and bring such Rule Books to the neared Distributor of Stamps ; and such Officer or Officers shall insert in every such Rule Book, immediately after the last Rule entered therein, at the Time of producing the same, a Certificate, duly signed by such Officer or Officers respectively, dating the Number of Rules and Orders of fucli Courts refpeftivcly made or entered in such Rule Books within such preceding Three Months, or such Term or Session respectively ; and such Officer or Officers shall thereupon pay to the said Distributor the full Amount of all such Stamp Duties as shall be then by Law payable for or in respect of such Rules or Orders respectively ; and the said Distributor shall immediately, underneath the said Certificate, sign a Receipt (without Stamp) for the said Amount of the Stamp Duties ; and every such Rule Book shall by such Officer or Officers be left with such Distributor, and such Biftri-butor shall sign and give an Acknowledgement, that such Rule Book has been left with him for the Purposes of this Aft, and shall, within Three Days after the Payment of such Duty, transmit every such Rule Book to the Head Office to be stamped, and the same shall be damped accordingly, in such Manner as by the said recited Aft of the Forty-feventh Year is directed with respect to the Rule Books of the Courts of King’s Bench, Common Plear, Chancery, or Exchequer, and shall be returned to such Distributor as soon as conveniently may be after the stamping thereof; and such I i Iributor fnall deliver back the said Rule Book to the Person entitled thereto, upon Re-delivery, to the said Distributor, of the Acknowledgment which he shall have given for the same.

XXII.	And be it further ennfted. That all the Penalties and Forfeitures by this Aft inffifted and made payable, shall be paid and payable in BritiJh Currency ; and that all Powers, Provisions, Rules, Methods, Directions, Articles, Clauses, Exceptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things, contained in an Act, made in the Forty-thiid Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Alt

for granting to His Majesty federal Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the CommiJJioners for managing the it amp Duties in Ireland; and in another Act, made in the said Forty-third Year, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences to Perfcns felling Hats0 and on Hats fold by Pm ail in Ireland ; and in another Act made

m

Hosted by (jOCK^Tc

AJD. 1807.

4f GEO. III. Seff.a.-.

C. 14*

3°5

in the said Forty-third Year, intituled. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Certificates, with refpelt to the killing of Game in Ireland ; and in the said recited Act, made in the Forty-fixth Year of His prefect Majesty’s Reign, intituled. An Act to repeal the federal Du ies under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon Stamped Vel turn. Parchment, and Paper in Ireland, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof, and to amend the Daws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland, shall be of force and efsect, and shall be applied and put in Execution for the raising, levying, paying, collecting, and securing the Duties by this Act granted and made payable, and all Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been hereby re-enacted, with relation to the Duties by this Act granted and made payable, except only in so far as any of such Powers, Pro-viflons, Rules, Methods, and Directions, Articles, Exceptions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, in the said Acts, or any or either of them contained, are expressly altered or repealed, or othenvife provided for by this Act, or by any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland.

XXXII. And be it enacted. That this Act may be altered, amended, A&may fte or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present SeiTion of	lll!

Parliament.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Duty.

For and upon every Japaned or Varnished Hat, and every Hat made of Silk Wool, Felt, Stuff, Beaver, or Leather, or any Mixture of them, or with any other Subfiance or Subfiances, by whatever Name such Hat shall be called or distinguished, which shall be uttered, vended, or fold by any Person orPerfons ; save and except any Hats fold by any Manufacturer or Manufacturers, or Importer or Importers of Plats, which shall be fold without any Mounting or Ornament, and of which not less than 12 shall be fold at one Time ;

Ii the Price or Value of such Hat, including ail the Mounting and other Ornaments (except Gold or Silver Lace) shall not exceed the Sum of 5s. Irish Currency -If such Price or Value shall exceed 5 s. and shall not exceed 7 s. Irish Currency

-------—------ Shall exceed 7 s. and not exceed 12 s.

Irish Currency	-	-

--------------- Shall exceed 12 s. and shall not

amount to iSs.	-

-------------Shall amount to 18 s. or upwards -

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be ingroffed.

e€ s. d.

O O 3

o o 6

010

020

026

304

SCHEDULE (A.)	Duty.

written, or printed, any of the following Articles^, or any Part thereof, the respective Duties following; Any Citation, Monition, Proceeding, Sentence, orDecree, made in the Prerogative Court, or in any Ecclesiastical Court, in any Suit for	si d>

I ytnes, or any Copies or them relpeaively Any Permit granted by any. Officer of His Majesty’s Revenue, or any Commissioner or Distributor of Stamps, or other Person duly authorized to grant the same, relative to any Exciseable or other Goods, and also any Certificate of any such Permit required by Law; If the Duties on the Goods permitted thereby do	0 I 0

not amount to the Sum of s£i$-If such Duties amount to &£ 15. or more Any Indenture, Lease, Release, or Deed, Minute, Memorandum, or Legal or Equitable Article for setting or demifing Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in Ireland, for any Term not exceeding Three Lives or Thirty-one Years, whether with or without a Covenant or Clause for the Renewal thereof (except Leases made by any Master in Chancery, or Officer of the Equity or Revenue Side of the Court of Exchequer, under the Orders of the said Courts respectively, and except Leases by Elegit Creditors, or of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, ejected' for Non-payment of Rent, for Six or Nine Months) ; Where the Annual Amount \>f the Rent reserved (any penal Rent, or any Increase of reserved Rent in the Nature of a penal Rent, not being included in such Amount) shall not exceed or the Fine or Consideration for the same fhall	00 6 010

not exceed ,^20 - - - -Any Custodiam under the Seal of the Exchequer,	050

grounded on an Outlawry in any Civil Action Any Licence to any Person to fell by Retail, Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter, Ale, Cyder, or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, in the Places follovring, viz. ;	050

In the City of Dublin, and within the Circular Road fuiTounding the said City, and within the District of the Metropolis of Dublin, or within the City of Cork, or the City of Waterford, or the City of Limerick (including all Places surrounded by the said Cities respectively, and that Part of the City of Limerick called Saint Francis’s Abbey) or within the Town of Belfast Within the rest of the refpeffive Counties of the said Cities of Cork, Waterford, and Limerick, or within One Mile thereof respectively, or in any Place beyond the Circular Road furrounding	0 0 0

SCHEDULE (A )

Duty.

the said City of Dublin, and the Wall of His Majesty’s Park the Phoenix, not more than Two Miles difhant therefrom, or within One Mile of the Town of Belfast, or of the publick Lamps therein	-	-

In any other Place within the Diftriel of the Excise Office of Dublin, beyond the Circular Road and Wall of His Majesty’s Park the Phoenix, not distant more than Five Miles therefrom ; and within the Cities of Armagh, Londonderry, and Kilkenny, and the Towns of Athlone, Bal-linafloe, Bandon, Carlow, Cashell, Caftlebar, Clonmell, Coleraine, Drogheda, Dundalk, Ennis, Ennifkilien, Galway, Kinsale, Lifburne, Longford, Loughrea, Mallow, Newry, New Ross, Sligo, Tipperary, Tralee, Wexford, and Youg-hall, and within One Mile of the Market House or Market Place therein respectively In any other Parts of Ireland than thoie Parts before described Any Licence to any Person to fell by Retail, Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Porter, Ale, Cyder, Perry, Metheglin or Mead, at any Encampment of Troops in Ireland, for One Month	-	-

And for every successive Month For each and every Day during any Fair in Ireland, for which any Person licensed to fell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, or Porter, Cyder or Perry, Metheglin or Mead, by R etail, ffiall be duly authorized by a Magistrate to fell such Spirituous or other Liquors in any Hut, Tent, or Booth, or in any Street, Road, or open Place, at such Fair Any Grant from His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, of any Annuity, Pension, Office or Emolument, which shall be of the Value of ^200. per Annum

And for every £ 100 per Annum, exceeding £ 200. per Annum, a further Duty of Provided that no Duty shall be charged upon or in refpecft of more than One Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment on' which such Grant may be en-groffed, written, or printed.

Any attested Copy of any Decree or Difmiffal, made by or in the Court of Chancery, for every actual Sheet thereof -

Any attested Copy of any Decree or Difmiffal made by or in the Court of Exchequer, for every actual Sheet thereof	*	-	»	-

£ s. d* 33 o ©

22	0	O

II	O	O

100

100

200

20 o o 500

046

050

47 Geo. III.	X

4/° GEO. III. Seff.2.

A.D.1807.

C. 15.

Irish A a,

3 G. 2. c. 3. v 30—40.

Sellers snd M.Hkeis of Gold and Silver Plate shall be liccnfed Under 47 G. 3, Seff. i. C. 35,

& C.

Plate shall be

allayed and

CAP. XV.

An Act to provide for the regulating and securing the Collection of the Duty on Gold and Silver Plate wrought or manufactured in Ireland.	[lit Augujl	1807.]

4 J HE REAS the Laws now in force for regulating and securing

*	* * the Collection of the Duty payable to His Majcltv on Gold

*	and Silver Plate, wrought, made, or manufactured in Ireland, have 4 been found infuf&bient, and it is expedient to repeal the same, and 4 to provide for the better collecting and lecuring the said Duty be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament adembled, and by the Authority of the iame, That from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the pading of this Act, so much and such Parts of an AS made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Third Year of the Reign of His late MajeftyKing George the Second, intituled. An . A for the Encouragement of Tillage, and better Employment of the Poor ; and also for the more effectually putting in Exe; ution an _ cl, intituled, 4 An Act to encourage 4 the draining and improving op Bogs and unprofitable Loan Grounds,

4 and for eajmg and dijpatching the Inland Carriage and Conveyance of 4 Goods from one Pert to another within this Kingdom ; and also for 4 laying several Duties upon Coaches, Berlins, Chariots, Calajloes, Chases,

4 and Chairs, and upon Cards and Dice, and upon wrought and manu-4 faclured Gold and Silver Plate imported into or made in Ireland, for 4 the Purposes therein mentioned ; and also for repealing the Duties payable 4 upon the Exportation of Wool, Bay Tarn, and Woollen Tarn, out of 4 this Kingdom for England,’ as relate to Gold and Silver Plate, diall be, and the same is and are hereby repealed ; except so far as may concern the recovering, collecting, paying, and accounting for any Duties on any wrought Plate, or Arrears oi such Duties, or any Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures which shall or may have become due or been incurred under the said A Cl, on or before the Expiration of the said Ten Days after the pading of this Act.

II.	And for the better regulating and securing of the Duty on Gold and Silver Plate, wrought, made, or manufactured in Ireland; be it enacted, That every Person who diall fell or make any Gold or Silver Plate in Ireland, shall obtain a Licence for that Purpose from the Commidioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any One cf them, in Manner direCted by an Act made in the lad Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to secure the Payment of Duties on Licences granted to Persons in Ireland, dealing in exciseable Commodities ; and shall be subject to such Rules, Regulations, and ReftriCtions, as by the said Act, or any other Act to be padedfor the like Purpose, are or may be provided and enacted with respect to such Licences.

III.	And be it further enacted, That all Gold and Silver Plate, wrought, made, or manufactured in Ireland, shall be allayed by the

marked by Assay Aday Malter,

Matter in Dublin or Deputy A flay Matters in the Country.

hereafter to be appointed by the Fraternity

or Company of Goldsmiths of the City of Dublin, or by a Deputy Aday Mailer, or other Ofiicer to be appointed by the said Fraternity or Company, in such Parts of Ireland as they shall think fit; and after such Aday made, if such Gold Plate shall be found conformable to

any

1

i

Hosted by

30 7

A. D. 1807.	470 GEO. III. SeiT. 2.	C.	15.

any of the Three following Standards of Fineness; that is to say, of not less than Twenty-two Carats, or of net less than Twenty Carats, or of not less than Eighteen Carats of fine Gold, in every Pound Weight Troy, and if fucRSilver Plate shall be found conformable to the-Standard of Eleven Ounces Two Penny Weights fine Silver in every Pound Weight Troy, then the same shall be touched by the said AiTay Mailer, or by any iuch Deputy AiTay Mailer, or other Officer, and marked with the Marks in the said respective Cases by Law required, and now or hereafter to be used for that Purpose ; and after the same shall be touched and marked as aforesaid, the said AiTay Mailer shall thereupon ilamp or mark, without Fee or Reward, the said Plate, with such Stamps and Marks as are now in Use, or with such Stamp or Mark as the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes for the Time being, or any Three of them, shall from Time to Time devise and appoint.

IV.	And be it further enacted. That the said AiTay Mailer, and every Deputy AiTay Mailer, or other Officer to be appointed for the Purposes of this Act for the Time being, before he shall be empowered to mark such Plate, .shall be sworn to the due and faithful Execution of his Office in assaying such Plate, and ilamping or marking the same, pursuant to this Act, which Oath shall and may be adminiilered by the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes for the Time being, or any One or more of them, or by any JuPcice of the Peace, who shall give such AfTay Mailer a Certificate thereof.

V.	And be it further enabled, That any working Goldsmith and ' Silversmith, or other Manufacturer of Gold or Silver whatsoever in

Ireland, who shall at any Time or Times after the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of this Act, work or make, or cause to be wrought or made, any Gold or Silver Vefiel, Plate or Manufacture of Gold or Silver whatsoever, required to be touched, aiTayed, and marked by the said AfTay Mailer, -or Deputy AiTay Mailer, or Officer to be appointed as aforesaid, shall from Time to Time fend with every Parcel of such Gold or Silver to the said AiTay Mailer, Deputy AiTay Mailer, or other Officer, a Note or Memorandum, fairly written, containing the Day of the Month and Year, the Chriltian and Sirname of the Worker or Maker, and Place of his or her Abode, and also all the Species in such Parcel of Plate, and the Number of each Species, with the Total Weight of such Pareel, and also the Sum of Money payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and SuccefiTors, for the Duty thereupon; and also shall from Time to Time fend, deliver and pay with every such Parcel to the said AiTay Mailer, Deputy AiTay Mailer, or Officer who iliall receive iuch Parcel of Gold or Silver so sent to be touched, aiTayed, and marked, the full Amount of the Duties payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeifors, for every Ounce Troy Weight of such Gold or Silver Plate so required to be touched, aiTayed, and marked, under and by virtue of an Act made in the lall Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act; to grant to His Majesty certain Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland, and to allow certain Drawbacks in ref pell thereof, in lieu of former Duties of Excise, Taxes, and Drawbacks, or under any other A<d or Adds at the Time iii force in Ireland, for the imposing of Duties on Plate wrought, made, or manufactured in Ireland.

X2	VI,	And

AiTay Matters (hail be fvvorn.

Goldsmiths, Sec, shall fend To AiTay Mast.er, Sec. with every Parcel of Gold or Silver, a written Note of Particulars and Weight thereof;

and pay to said AiTay Matter Duties impoled by 4.7 G. 3. Self. 1. c. 18. See.

3oS

47s GEO. III. Seff.2.

C.T5-

A.D.iSoy,

Plate shall be rn.nk^d to fjgnily Payment ot' Duty.

Duties fnal’ be paid previous to the marking*

Receipts to be given for the Duty.

Affiy Matters, See. and Gold-fmiths Company anlwerable for the Duty.

Allowance of onc-fixtn of Duty on GokIs lent to be allayed in a rough State.

A flay Matter <kc> Oral) fdc the Note-., and keep Accounts of Duty received.

VI. And be it further enabled, That the AfTay Master, Deputy Allay Master, or other Officer so to be appointed as aforesaid, (hallmark with the following Mark, that is to say’-, with the Mark of the King's Head, over and belides the several other Marks directed by Law, all and every such Pieces and Parcels of Gold or Silver Plate so sent t>o be touched, marked, and allayed ; and shall, previous to the touching, marking, or allaying such Gold or Silver Plate, or Manufacture, ask, demand, and receive, for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeftors, of and from the Person or Persons who shall require such Gold or Silver Plate to be touched, marked, and allayed, the full Amount of the Duty payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeftors, for every Ounce Troy of such Gold or Silver Plate, or Manufacture of Gold or Silver, and so in Proportion for any greater or Iefs Quantity which shall be brought to the said respective Officers to be touched, marked, and aftayed as aforesaid ; and such Aftay Master, Deputy Aftay Master, or Officer, shall, give a Receipt for the Duty so paid, to the Person or Persons bringing; such Plate or Manufacture ; and in default of receiving such Duty in Manner aforesaid or of paying the same in.Manner herein-after mentioned, the said Aftay Master, Deputy Aftay Master, or other Officer respectively, and the said Fraternity or Company of Goldsmiths in the City of Dublin, shall be accountable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeftors, for the said Duty, as if the same had been actually re* ceived under the Directions of this At.

VII.	c And "Whereas Gold and SilverWares when sent to be

*	marked and astayed, are sometimes sent in so rude and so rough a

*	State that the same in the finishing are greatly lessened in Weight,’

be it therefore enated, That the said Aftay Master, Deputy Aftay Master, or other Officer to be appointed as aforesaid, whenever such Plate shall be sent to be marked and aftayed in any unfinished State, so that a Diminution in the Weight thereof must neceftarily remain to be made by the Worker or Manufacturer thereof, before the same shall be finished, shall, in respect of fuchDiminution as aforesaid, make to the Person or Persons bringing such Plate, a Deduction of One-fixth Part from the Weight, and an Allowance of One-lixth Part of the Duty payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeftors, and shall, at the Bottom of the Note or Memorandum by this Adi dire ted to be kept and filed, express the Dedudtion from the Weight, and the Allowance of the Duty accordingly:	Provided	always,	that

nothing herein contained shall authorize any such Allowance to be made on any Quantity of Silver Plate or Manufacture less in Weight than One Ounce Troy, nor on any fractional Part of an Ounce.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That the said Aftay Master, Deputy Aftay Master, or other Officer, who shall from Time to Time take and receive the said Monies and Duties, with the said Notes or Memorandums, shall upon Receipt of the said Notes or Memorandums, and of the said Monies and Duties, file the said Notes or Memorandums, and enter the Particulars thereof, and of the Deductions aforesaid, and keep a true and faithful Account in Writing, in Books to be kept for that especial Purpose, of the Duties received by him under and by virtue of this Act, and such Aftay Master, Deputy Aftay Master, or other Officer, shall give an indented Receipt (without Stamp) numbered, under his Hand, for

9	k	the

Hosted by

A.D. 1807.

470 GEO. III. Self. 2.

C.i5.

3°9

^he Amount of the said Duty, to the Person or Persons who shall pay the same, a Duplicate of which said indented Receipt shall be kept by such Allay Mailer, Deputy AlTay Master, or Officer, in a Book bound for that PurpoTe.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That the said AlTay Mailer shall, within One Month after the Twenty-ninth Day of September, the Twenty-fifth Day of December, the Twenty-fifth Day of March, and the Twenty fourth Day of June, in each and every Year, tranf-mit and return to the said Company of Goldsmiths in Dublin, and lodge with them all the said Books kept by him, containing the Axcounts of all the Particulars aforesaid, and of the Duties received, and the Duplicates of Receipts given under this A£t in Manner aforesaid, and the said Book shall at all Times be open for the Inspection of the said Commilfioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or of any Person or Persons authorized in Writing by the said Commilfioners, or any One of them ; and the said Commilfioners, or the Person or Persons so authorized by them, shall be at liberty to take Copies and Extracts of the said Books, or any Part of them.

X.	And be it further enadsted, That the said AlTay Master shall Once in every Week, or oftener, if required by the said Company of Goldsmiths in Dublin, pay to the said Company all and every Sum and Sums of Money so received by him, for and on Account of the Duties payable to His Majesty as aforesaid, which Monies the said Company shall, within Two Days after the Receipt thereof, from Time to Time pay or cause to be paid to the Coiledlor of Excise in the Diftri£l of Dublin; and that the said Company of Goldsmiths shall, within Two Months after the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seven, deliver or cause to be delivered to the said Commilfioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, or to some Person or Persons authorized by them to receive the same, true Copies of the Accounts herein-before directed to be kept, and transmitted to the said Company, for the Quarter which shall be completed on the said Twenty-ninth Day of September, and at the same Time shall pay to the said Collector of Excise all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be the Balance of the Sums which shall have been received on Account of the said Duties, on or before the said Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seven, if any such Balance shall appear to be due ; and from thenceforth shall from Time to Time, within Two Months after the Twenty-fifth Day of December, the Twenty-fifth Day of March, the Twenty-fourth Day of June, and the Twenty-ninth Day of September in every Year, or at such other Times after the Expiration of the said Two Months as may be appointed by the said Commilfioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, deliver or cause to be delivered to the said Commif-fioners, or to any Person or Persons appointed by them for the Purpose of receiving the same, true Copies of the Accounts herein-before directed to be kept by such Allay Master, and transmitted or returned to the said Company, for the Quarter ending on such Twenty-filth Day of December, Twenty-fifth Day of March, Twenty-fourth Gay of June, and Twenty-ninth Day of September ; and shall, at the lame Time, pay to the Colledlor of Excise for the Dillri61 of Dublin, all such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be the Balance of the bums which shall have been received by the said AlTay lVi after, or other

X 3	Officer,

Books shall he* lodged by Aftav Mailer in Dublin QuarteiJy with Goldsmiths Company.

AOay Master shall weekly-pay Duties to the Goldsmiths Company, who shall p^y over the fa me to the Collctfior of Excise; and shall deliver quurrcrly to the Com mi f-lioner' «,f Lxcife Copies of Ac^unt.s and pay the Balance due.

f

3io

G. 15.

470 GEO. III. Seff. 2.

A.D.1807.

Deputy Atfay Matiers in the Country fha'l pay Duty weekly and muke quartet Iy Returns to Collectors.

Allowance by Com mi.'Honors of Excise to Goldtmiths Company.

Penalty on A flay Mniter, 6cc. for negleCt of Duty on Nonpayment of Money received, Tool, and double the Money received.

Penalty on Goldlmiths foiling PJarc not allayed and

Officer, in the Quarter ending as aforesaid, on Account of the said Duties, if any such Balance shall appear to be due.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Deputy Assay Mailer, or other Officer to be appointed under this Ad, in any Part of Ireland, except 'Dublin) shall once in every Week pay to the Colledor of Ex -cife, for the Diflrid in which such Deputy Assay Mailer or other Officer ffiall reside, all and every Sum and Sums of Money so received by such Deputy Assay Mailer or other Officer, for or on Account of the Duties payable to His Majesty as aforesaid \ and that every such Deputy Assay Mailer or other Officer ffiall, within One Month after the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seven, deliver to and lodge with the Colledor of the I) i ft rid in which such Deputy Assay Mailer or other Officer shall relide, all Books containing the Accounts and Duplicate Receipts herein-before directed to be kept by such Deputy Assay Mailer or other Officer respectively, up to the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seven ; and from thenceforth shall, from Time to Time, within One Month alter the Twenty-fifth Day of December, Twenty-fifth Day of March, Twenty-fourth Day of June, and Twenty-ninth Day of September in every Year, or at such other Times after the Expiration of the said Month, as may be appointed in Writing by the said Colledor deliver or cause to be delivered to such Collector, all such Books of Account and Duplicate Receipts for the Quarter ending on such Twenty-fifth Day of December, Twenty-fifth Day of March, Twenty* fourth Day of June, and Twenty-ninth Day of September respectively.

XII.	And be it further enacted. That the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes shall make an Allowance or Payment out of the Duties received under this Ad, to the said Company or Fraternity of Goldsmiths iwDublin, for their Expences, Pains, andTrouble, in the Execution of this Ad, after the Rate of One Shilling in the Pound, for ail Monies received by any Colledor of Excise as aforesaid, and duly accounted for, according to the Directions of this Ad.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That it any Assay Mailer, Deputy Assay Mailer, or other Officer, ffiall neglect or refuse to keep such Books and Accounts, or to give such Receipts as by this Ad he is required to do, or to return and lodge the said Books or Accounts in Manner by this Ad directed, or to receive the said Duties and Sums of Money, or to pay over the same in Manner by this Ad directed ; or if the said Company of Goldsmiths in Dublin shall refuse or neglect to deliver or cause to be delivered the Copies of the said Accounts, or to pay over the said Duties and Sums of Money in Manner aforesaid, every inch Assay Mailer, Deputy Assay Mailer, or other Officer, and the CRrk or Accountant of the said Company respectively, ffiall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, together with double the Amount of the Sum of Money or Dut) so received by such Assay Mailer, Deputy Assay Mailer, or other Officer., under the Direction or (:y Authority or Pretence of this Ad, or which such Assay Mailer, I epu':y Assay Mafier, Officer, Clerk, Accountant, or other Person, ou^h to have r. ceived according to. tine Directions of this Ad.

XI'V. And be it further enacted. That no Goldsmith, Silversmith, or other Person working or trading in Ireland in wrought or manufactured Geld or Silver Plate, ffiall fell or expose to sale, barter or

exchange^

Hosted by

47° geo. III. Seff.2.

A.D. 1807.

C. 15.	311

exchange, any Gold or Silver Plate, or Manufacture of Gold or marked 100 I. Silver., unless it be Silver Wire, or such Things not exceeding Four Forfeitu:c. Penny Weights, which, in respect of their Smallness are not capable of receiving a Mark, until such Time as such Plate or Manufacture of Gold or Silver shall be allayed, touched, and marked, in Manner herein prescribed in that Behalf, upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of One hundred Pounds for every such OfFence ; and all such Plate or Manufacture of Gold or Silver which shall be found in the Houle, Shop,

Room or other Place of any such Goldsmith, Silversmith, or other Per-fon, for the Purpose of Sale, and which shall not be a flayed, touched, or marked in Manner herein directed, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Inland Escife and Taxes, or by any Officers of CuItems and Port Duties in Ireland

XV.	And be it furt! er enacted, That no Person shall buy, take. Penalty on

or receive, in the Way of Purchase, Barter, or Exchange, any wrought Pet Tons buying or manufactured Gold or Silver Plate, or Manufacture of Gold or Sil- li*lare not ver, from any Goldsmith, Silversmith, or other Person whatsoever, v^Tu^tier^f working or trading in wrought or manufactured Gold or Silver in Ireland (unlefs it be Silver Wire, or iuch Things not exceeding Four penny Weights which, in respect of their Smallness, are not capable of receiving a Mark) not being allayed, touched, and marked by the Allay Matter in Manner herein prescribed, at the Time such Gold or Silver Plate shall be delivered to the Buyer or Receiver thereof, upon Pain of forfeiting a Sum equal to the Value thereof, to be sued for and recovered by any Person who shall discover the same, for the foie Benefit of the Perfoe so discovering and suing ; which Suit, where the said Value shall not exceed the Sum-of Ten Pounds, shall be by Civil Bill, before the A fill! ant Barrister, at the Sessions of the Peace for the several and refpeCtivc- Counties in Ireland, or before the Chairman of the Sessions of the County of Dublin, or before the Recorder of the City of Dublin refpeCiiveiy; and where the Value of such Plate shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds, then such Penalty shall be recovered by ACtion of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of Idis Majesty’s Courts of Record in Dublin.

XVI.	And be it further enaCled, That if any Person shall call. Penally on forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be cast, forged, or coun- forging or terfeited, any Mark or Stamp used or directed to be used inpurfuance

of this Act, for the marking or flamping of Gold or Silver Plate, or shall cafi, forge, or counterfeit, or shall cause or procure to be call, forged, or counterfeited any Mark, Stamp, or Impression, in Imitation of, or to relemble any Mark, Stamp, or Impression made or to be made, with any Mark or Stamp uled or to be uled as aforesaid, or shall mark or stamp, or cause or procure to be marked or stamped, any wrought Plate of Gold or Silver, or any Wares of Silver, Brass,

Copper, or other Metal, gilt over or plated, and resembling Plate of Gold or Silver, with any Mark or Stamp which hath been or shall be call, forged, or counterfeited at any Time, in Imitation of, or to resemble any Mark or Stamp used or to be used as aforesaid, or shall tranfpole or remove, or cause or procure to be transposed or removed, from one Piece of wrought Plate to another Piece of wrought Plate, or from any Piece of wrought Plate to any Vessel of Silver, Brass, or other Metal as aforesaid, any Mark, Stamp, or Im-prefjiop made or to be made by or with any Mark or Stamp used or

X 4	tQ

3ia	C.	15.	470	GEO.	III.	Sefl*. 2.	A.D.	1807,

to be ufed- as aforesaid, or shall fell, exchange, or expose to sale, or export out of Ireland, any wrought Plate of Gold or Silver, or any Vessel of Silver, Brass, or other Metal as aforesaid, with any such forged or counterfeited Mark, Stamp, or Impression thereon, or with any Mark, Stamp, or Impression which hath been or shall be transposed or removed, or cut out from any Piece of wrought Plate, knowing such Mark, Stamp, or Impression to be forged, counterfeited, or tranfposed, cut out, or removed as aforesaid, or shall wilfully or knowingly have or be pofieSed of any Mark or Stamp which hath been or shall be forged or counterfeited, in Imitation of, or to resemble any Mark or Stamp used or to be used as aforesaid, every such Person offending in any or either of such Cases aforesaid, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony and shall be sentenced to be transported for the Term of Seven Years in such Manner as other Felons may be transported under any Adi or Adis in force in Ireland: And if any Person or Persons shall cut out of one Piece of wrought Plate, any Stamp, Mark, or Impression, made or to be made, by or with any Mark or Stamp to be used as aforesaid, with Intent to transpose or remove such Stamp, Mark,’ or Impression, or with Intent that the lame shall and'ma)^ be transposed or removed from one Piece of wrought Plate to another Piece of wrought Plate, or from any Piece of wrought Plate to any Vessel of Silver, Brass, Copper, or other Metal, gilt or plated, and resembling Plate of Gold or Silver, every such Person so offending shall forfeit-the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

Recovery of	XVII. And be it furt he i\ enacted, That all and every the Fines,

Penalties.	Penalties, and Forfeitures inflicted by this Adi, shall be paid and

recovered in Briiffj Currency ; and that all such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, the Recovery whereof is not otherwise provided for by this Act, shall and may be sued for ard recovered, levied, and applied, in inch Manner and Form, and by such Ways and Means, and with such Powers and Authorities as are prescribed, directed, and appointed in and by an Adi of Parliament made in Ireland, in the Four*? le nth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King ^ar’ 2. Charles the Second, intituled, An AH for the settling of theExcfe or new impojl upon Ills ft’fijeffy, A A Heirs and Succejfors, according to the Book of Rates therein inserted; or in and by an Act. made in the Forty-flxth 46 G. 3. c.106. Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to provide so the letter Execution of the federal Alls relating to the R.evenues, atiers, and Things un er the Management of the Commissioners of Ciiftoms and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland; or in and by any other Ad) or Adis in force in Ireland, relating to any of the said Revenues, Matters, and Things, under the Management of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, as fully and effedlually, to all Intents, Conflrudfions, and Pur-pofe , as if the same were particularly mentioned and exprefied and re-enadled in this A I, with like Remedy of Appeal to and for the Party and Parties who shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said Adis or any of them is provided and enacted.

q APo

A.D.1807.	47°	GEO.	III.	SefT.2.	C.i6.	333

CAP. XVI.

An Act to grant to His Majesty until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eight certain Duties on the Importation, and to allow Drawbacks ..on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, into and from Ireland.	[id	Augujl	1807.]

u Duties and Drawbacks in Schedules A. and B. granted aid allowed,

“ § 1.—Duties payable on all Goods not having paid former Duties,

§ 2.—Duties may be secured by Bond, § 3.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That whenever any Goods, Wares, Exporter of Free

or Merchandize (except as herein-after mentioned) shall be entered	r°	reat

-	„	V	r	j 1	„	.	.	/	. , n „	,	B.itain mall not

tor Exportation from Ireland to ^reat Britain, which mail not be he required 10

entitled to any Drawback or Bounty on the Exportation thereof, give- Bund, and concerning which no Order or Proclamation shall be made in exccPl 111 ceitaia. Manner herein-after mentioned, the Exporter of fuck Goods, Wares, ^a*-cs* and Merchandize shall not be required to enter into any Bond or Obligation respecting the due Exportation thereof to or landing thereof in Great Britain, any Thing in any Aft or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding :	Provided always, that it

shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, by and with the Advice of His Majesty’s Privy Council of Ireland, to order and declare by Proclamation, that the E porter and Exporters to Great Britain of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize to be mentioned in such Order and Proclamation, shall enter into and give Bond for the due Exportation thereof to and Landing thereof in Great Britain, with such Provisions and Conditions, and in such Manner as such Exporter or Exporters are required to do by any Aft or Acts in force in Ireland at the Time of the paiTing of this Aft, and such Exporter or Exporters shall, as to such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, enter into and give such Bond accordingly ; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding : Provided also, that the Exporter of any Tools, Utensils, Machines, Engines, Prefies, Paper Utensils, or Inlfruments mentioned in an Aft made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Rei<?n, intituled, An 2 5 G. 3. (I.)

JIB to prevent the Practice of seducing Art Jeers and Manufacturers of c*17*

this Kingdom, and of exporting the several Tools and Uterfils made use of

in preparing and working up the Manufactures thereof, into Parts beyond

the Seas ; or in an Aft made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty- q ^ ^ *

firfl Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for amending the said recited c< 23. °

Aft of the Twenty-fifth Year, shall give inch Bond, and enter into such Securities as are required by the said recited Acts, or either of them ; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V.	And to obviate any Doubts which may arise or happen refpeft- None hut Br.tiQi ing the Importation of Meal, Flour, Bread, and Biscuit into Ireland,	A ^,uur

be it declared and enadTd, That so much of an Aft made in the Par-liament of Ireland held in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fo-urth Years (See 23, 24G pf His Majelfy’s Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating the Com Trade, (1.) e. 19. § ^

prom ding

3M

C. 16.

Tobacco may be bonded for Three Years.

Drawbacks of Excise shall be paid by Com-miffioners of Excise on Certificate of Officer of Customs.

[Srr 46 G. 3. c.58. § 2.]

47° GEO. III. Sefr.2. A.D. 1807-

pr emoting Agriculture, and providing a regular andjzeady Supply of Com in this Kingdom, and for granting to His Majesty, His Heirs and Sue-cejfors, the Duties therein mentioned, as enacts, that no Corn or Grain ground into Meal or Flour, or made into Bread or Biscuit, shall at any Time, be imported into Ireland, except from Great Britain, and of Britiffj Growth or Manufacture, under Penalty of the Forfeiture of all such Meal, Flour, Bread, or Biscuit, and the Sum of Five Pounds for every Hundred Weight thereof, shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be in full Force and Effect ; any Thing in any A<£1 or Adis to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI.	And be it further enadfed, That every Importer of Tobacco into Ireland, may feeure the Duty payable on the Import of such Tobacco, which at any Time before the palling of this Adi lliall have been imported and be warehoused in ciny of His Majesty’s Ware-houses, or which shall be imported at any Time after the palling of this Adi, and be lo warehoused in Manner following, that is to say, that every such Importer shall give Bond for the Amount of the Import Duty by Law payable thereon, such Bond to be made payable at the End of Three Years from the Time of the Importation of all such Tobacco as shall have been so imported and warehoused before the palling of this Adi, and at the End of 1 hree Years from the Time of giving such Bond, as to all such Tobacco as shall be imported after the palling of this Adi.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That whenever any Drawback or any Bounty or Allowance in the Nature of a Drawback, shall be payable on the Exportation from Ireland, of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, in reipedl of any internal Duty of Excise which shall have been paid in Ireland on or in respect of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize so exported, it shall and may be lawful for the Col-ledlor, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Customs for the Ports from whence Inch Goods, Wares, or Merchandize shall be exported, and such Collector, Comptroller, or other Officer is hereby required to grant to the Exporter of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize a Certificate, in Writing, Hating the Quantity, Quality, and

Nature thereof, the Time when and the Name of the Vessel in which the same shall be Shipped, the Amount of the Drawback, Bounty, or Allowance payable thereon* and the Time when such Drawback, Bounty, or Allowance is by Law due and payable, and that the said Exporter has complied with all the Conditions and Regulations required by Law for the entitling such Exporter to receive such Drawback, Bounty, or Allowance, and upon the Produflion of the said Certificate to the Commissioners of Inland Excise a id Taxes in Ireland, it Shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required to order such Drawback, Bounty, or Allowance to be paid out of the Revenues of E cife to the Exporter of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize ; and eveiy such Collector, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Culloms, shall give such Certificate without any Fee or Reward whatsoever, on Demand thereof made by such Exporter ; and such Certificate, together with such Order of the said Commissioners, shall be a sufficient Acquittance to any Colleflor of Excise or Taxes for the Sum of Money paid by him on Account thereof, pursuant to such Order of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes,

VIII. And

C. f

A.D.1807.	47°	GEO.	III.	SelT.	2,

VIII.	And be it further, enadfed, That in all Cases where any Difhibution of Tobacco, or any Brandy, Rum, Geneva, or other Foreign Spirits Produce of shall be seized as having been illegally imported into Ireland, or ^rirs^ized attempted or intended so to be, or for any other Cause of Seizure [See^G. 3/ or Forfeiture, and shall be condemned accordingly, the whole Produce c. 87. § 56.j of the Sale thereof, after Payment of the Duty of Customs chargeable thereon, shall go to and be to the Use of the Perion or Persons who shall seize and discover, or give Information of or prove the said Offence, any Thing in any Adi or Adis to the contrary notwithflandjng : Provided always, that any Tobacco so fold shall be liable to all Duties of Excise.

*c Duties shall be paid in British Currency and carried to Consolidated “ Fund, §9.—Duties and Drawbacks shall be paid under Regulation*

“ of 14 & 15 C. 2. c. 8. &c# § io.- Continuance of Adi, 5th July 1808, §nf

SCHEDULES

3i<S

C. i

479 GEO. III. Seff.2.

A.D.1807

SCHEDULES to which this Aft refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

A SCHEDULE of the Net Duties payable on Importation into Ireland, of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated or described (not being the Growth., Produce., or Manufacture of Great Britain) ; and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the due Exportation thereof from Ireland, in lieu of former , Duties and Drawbacks on the like Articles.

	Duties.	Drawbacks.

Paper, viz. For and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois, of	sS s. d.	ik* s, d,

—		Brown Paper, made of old Ropes or Cordage only, without extra&ing or separating the Pitch or Tar therefrom, and without any Mixture of other Materials therewith, and of all Button Paper and Button Board	OO4	O 0 -i*

-—> > 	White Paper, and Paper of any other Sort or Kind whatever, not particularly enumerated or described, for every lb.	O I O	Oio

*	 Printed, painted, itained, or dyed Paper, or Paper Flangings, the square Y ard -	OO9	009

—	Paftebeard, Millboard, and Scaleboard, and Paper commonly called by the Name of Sheathing or Sheathing Paper, the cwt. -	2 0 0	2 0 0

-—	- Glazed Paper, for Clothiers and Hotpreffers, the cwt. -	IOO	I O O

■		 Gold Paper, the small Gi ofs Raisins, the cwt. viz. —		 Belvidere, Denia, Faro, Lexia, and Lipari Railins, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -	086 Ol8 8	048 Ol6 8

imported in foreign Shipping	0 19 0	0 17 0

—	 Smyrna, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom - 1 -	I I 4	100

		imported in foreign Shipping - , - ——— of the Sun, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -	i i 9 146	I 0 0 12 0

				 imported in foreign Shipping . —	not particularly enumei'ated or described, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -	1100 166	i 8 3 140

imported in foreign Shipping - -	i 12 0	1 10 ©

Tobacco, viz. 1' — unmanufactured, of the Growth or Production of His Majesty’s Coionics, Plantations, Iflarids, or Territories in America, or of the United States of America, the lb.	006	006

				if imported by Strangers, or if by any Law now in force subject to Aliens Duty, then a further Duty for every lb. -	001	0 0 I

Vinegar, or Verjuice, the Tun, of 252 Gallons	- 25 4 0 1	20 0 0

o

o

n

Wood, viz.

For the Duties on Wood imported from the United States of America, fee Schedule (B.) Anchor Stocks, each Balks, the 12c, viz.

—- being 5 Inches square, and under 8 Inches square, or if 24 Feet in length, or upwards	-	-

-----under 5 Inches square, and under 24

Feet in length

-----.. being 8 Inches square, and upwards, are

to be confdered as Timber, and pay Duty as such.

Barrel Boards. See Boards.

——- Staves. See Staves.

Battens, and Batten Ends of all Sorts

.----——-----------------—- exceeding 7 Inches

?	in	Breadth,	to be deemed

Deals and Deal Ends, and to pay Duty as such, according to their respective Dimensions.

Beech Boards. See Boards.

— ;... m.Plank> being 2 Inches in Thickness or upwards, the Load of 50 Cubic Feet

The Growth or Production of any Place except the United I "States of America and the British Colonies.				The Growth or Produ&ion of the Lritifh Colonies or Plantations.	

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom.		Imported in Foreign Shipping.			

Duties.	Drawbacks.	Duties.	Drawbacks.	Duties.	Drawbacks.

£ s. d.	s. d.	£ s. d.	£ S. d.	£ s. d.	£ s. d.

0 17	O O 11	Ol8	OIO	O O 7	—

5 3	3 13 10	586	3 r7 6		

				>0 11 0	

1 18 0	1 9 3	2 04	111 7	J	

See TABL	E No. I. at 1	the End of th	us Schedule.	o 5 6	O06

0 15 4	090	0 16 8	0 10 0		1

b

M

00

o

4*

Q

O

K

O

In

a

to

p

ON

OO

Wood,, viz.

Beech Plank,

------- of the Growth or Production of

the British Colonies or Plantations in America, the 120

•	---— Quarters, the 1 20, being 5 Inches square,

and under 8 Inches square

--------- being under 5 Inches square -

Boards, Barrel, the 120

™—— Beech, under 2 Inches in Thickness, the 120

------being under 15 Feet in Length

--------being	15 Feet in Length or

upwards

—	"	1 Clap Boards or Clap Holt, not exceed-

ing 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length, and under 8 Inches square, the 120

*	■	—	Linn Boards, or White Boards for

Shoemakers, 4 Feet in Length, the 120, viz.

---------— under6 Inches in Thickness

-------------being 6 Inches in Thickness, or upwards

--------- Oak, under 2 Inches in Thickness, the

120, viz.

------ under 15 Feet in Length

15 Peet in Length or upwards

u>

CO

The Growth or Production of any Place except the United States of Ameiica and li e British Colonic?.				Tire Growth or Produ&ion of the British Colonics or Plantations.	

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom.		imported in Foreign Shipping.			

Duties.	Drawbacks.	Duties.	Drawbacks.	Duties.	Drawbacks.

£ s. d.	£ s. d\	s£ S. d.		£ s. d.	£ s. d.

—	*	—1	-	0 3 4	004

2 14 8	260	326	2 10 II		

i 10 6	1 5 ^	I 12 10	i 7 6	jo 11 0	0 r 0

015 5	0 14 7	0 16 6	0 15 0		

117 4	1 15 0	2 I IO	i 18 0		

O O	2 14 0	3 3 0	2 15 6		

1 5 8	c 17 11	165	0 18 7 j	1 0 8 3	O Q 9

3 4 0	2 10 0	3 10 0	2 18 0		

6 11 0	500	720	6120		

2 10 a	228	2150	278		

3 «3 7	3 3°	_ 3 19 6	3 9 0		

. I 6.	47°	GEO.	III.	Seff'.'Z.'	A.D.1807;

■ Paling, hewed on the one Side, the 120 viz.

—------not exceeding J Feet in Length

-—*----exceeding 7 Feet in Length

-------Pipe	, under 8 Inches square, thei2o,viz.

•—— above 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length, and not exceeding 8 Feet in Length

—— exceeding 8 Feet in Length —Wainscot, containing 12 Feetin Length, and One Inch in Thickness, and so in Proportion for any greater Length or Thickness, the Foot «— — ■ of ali Sorts, not particularly enumerated w or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, being the Growth or Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, the 120

.....- White. See Linn Boards.

Boom Spars. See Spars.

Bowsprits See Mails.

Boxwood, the Ton of 20 Cwt.

Brazil or Fernambucio Wood, the Ton of 20 Cwt.

Brazilletto orJamaicaWood,theTon of 20 Cwt. Cam Wood, the Ton of 20 Cwt.

Cant Spars. See Spars.

Clap Holt. See Boards.

Deals and Deal Ends of all Sorts, the 120 Ebony, the Ton of 20 Cwt.

Firewood the Fathom, being 6 Feet wide and 6 Feet high	-	-

FirQuarters, under 8 Inches square, the 120, viz. ■■■■■>■ under 5 Inches square, and under 24 Feet in Length

060	0 46	0 65

on 9	081	O 12 4

1 15 3	130	i t6 i

2 7 3	1 j 6 11	284

010	008	0 I I

28*8 1 5 0	1 9 5 j	2 II 5 I 5 O

0 5 0	0 CN	O 5 O

0 10 0	0 2 0	OlOO

o 4 10

088

1 310

1180

009

-	o 3

i 12	2	11

026

020

7

4

027

003

019

See Table No. II. at the End of this Schedule.

8l6o	8 3 9	| 8 16 0	839	0 14 0	

0 2 3	CO 0	029	022	O O	0 0 I

t 10 0	17 6	1 13 4	1 lo 0	0 I I 0		-t 0 0

056

006

O

1—1

Co >—• 'O

A.D. 1807.	470	GEO.	III.	Seff.	2,

Hosted by

Schedule (A.) —continued.

o-

o

n

Wood.—continued.

Fir Quarter,

■■	- ■ ---5 Inches square and under 8 Inches

fquare^ if 24 Feet or upwards in Length	-

Fir Timber. See Timber.

Fustick, the Ton of 20 Cwt.

Guinea Wood. See Red Wood.

Handspikes, the 12o, viz,

----------'Under 7 Feet in Length

•	--------— being 7 Feet in Length or upwards

Knees of Oak,, under8 Inches square, the 120,viz. —------------- under 5 Inches square

----------being 5 Inches square, and under

8 Inches square

■	------- being 8 Inches square and upwards,

the Load of 50 Cubic Feet Lathwood, the Fathom, being 6 Feet wide and 6 Feet high, viz.

*	--— in Pieces under 5 Feet in Length

..........in Pieces being 3 Feet in Length or

upwards

Lignum Vitae, the Ton of 20 Cwt.

Linn Boards. See Boards.

Logwood, the Ton of 20 Cwt.

Logs, Wainscot. See Wainscot.

Mahogany, the Load of 50 Cubic Feet

The Growth or Proclu&bn of any Place except the Un States of America and ilie Biiulh Colonies.							ited	T				 I The Growth or Production Of the Bririfh Colonics or Plantations.	

Imparted Unis	in Shipping of the ed Kingdom.			Imported n Foicign Shipping.					

Dut c.'.		Drawbacks.		Duties.		Diawb .cfcs.		Duties.	Drawbacks.

£ S,	d.	£	s. d.	£	s. d.	£ S*	d'	I £ s. d.	£ S' d.

2 19	8	2	13 io	3	6 4	3 0	0 1	| 0 II 0	OIO

0	0	O	1 6	1 0	15 0	0 I	6		

O I	4			1 0	2 4	-		016	0 0 2

O 2	8		—	0	3 *	—		0 2 0	—

0 7	6	O	5 1	0	8 8	0 6	3	h	

								| Vo 5 6	0 c 6

I 14	0	I	2 5	1	15 2	1 3	9	jJ	

O II	0	O	8 4	0	12 1	0 9	2	038	004

0 17	9	0	14 0	1	4 9	1 1	0	V	

								Vo 3 10	0 .0 4

I 6	5	I	1 0	1	8 1	1 2	7	J	

0 7	4	O	0 8	0	7 4	0 0	8	074	008

0 5	6	O	0 7	0	5 ^	0 0	7		

4 0	0	3	0 0	4	0 0	3 0	0	1 15 10	100

32°	C.j	6.470GEO. III. SefT. 2. A.D.	1807.

cr

o

o

o

Mails, Yards, and Bowsprits, being 6 Inches and under 12 Inches in Diameter, ii	the Piece, viz.

O		 being	6 Inches and under 8 Inches in

o	Diameter	-	-

►h ------—being 8 Inches and under 12 Inches in

H	Diameter	-

—	-- being	12 Inches and upwards in Dia-

meter, the Load of 50 Cubic Feet -N B Malls, Yards, and Bowsprits, under 6 Inches in Diameter, to pay Duty as Spars of the like Denomination. . Nicaragua Wood, the Ton cf 20 Cwt.

, Oak	Boards. See Boards*

—'—	Knees. See Knees'of Oak.

— Plank, being 2 Inches and upwards in ^	Thicknefs,	the	Load of 50 Cubic

Feet	-	-

——■— of all Sorts, of the Growth or Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, the 120 Timber. See Timber.

Oars, the 120

Olive Wood, the Ton of 20 Cwt.

Paling	Boards.	~)	a	-n	1

tv o	j	>	See	Boards.

Pipe Boards.	J

Plank Beech. See Beech Plank.

*----Oak. See Oak Plank.

Red cr Guinea Wood, the Ton of 20 Cwt.

Round Wood, in Pieces under 8 Inches square,

the 120, vizf

. *------------under 6 Feet in Length

-	----------being	6	Feet in Length and

upwards

027

054

017 3

100

0189

2	3	1

160

100

O IX o' 12 0

O I

O 3 o 9

O IO

0	12

1	9

o 2

O IO

° 5

O I I

	\ I	| j 1	

GO O	020!	I O 2 2	016

*			

058	0 4 5'	j 0 4 5	0 3 1

Ol8 4	0 10 9 \	1 0 15 5	0710

O O H	0 10 0 J	|	

I i o 4	1 0 13 8 :	r	

-	1	i ! o 5 6	006

j 2 10 1	I l6 4 :	! 0 13 2	012

| 1 6 0	O 2 8 |	i 0 8 3	009

100	0 IO 0 j		

| 0 12 1	0 6 7 1	h	

		19o 2 2	002

| 1 4 2	013 21	M.	

>

b

CO

Q

A

o

w

o

CO

n>

£±>

N>

P

v-t

s*

U)

to

w

03

K»

W

b

o

' n

W ooi^rntfiMsd.

Saipan Wood* for every £too of the Value	-

Sanders Wood* the Ton of so Cwc.

Spm'$* the ia©, via.

under Feet in Length* and under 4 Inches in Diameter* exclusive of the Bark	-	*

«■=“*=* being 22 Feet in Length and upwards, and under 4 Inches in Diameter* ex elufive of the Bark 4 Inches and under 6 Inches in Diameter, exclusive of the Bark N. B, All Spars, 6 Inches and upwards in Diameter, are to pay Duty as Mails, according to their respective Dimensions,

Speckled Wood, the Ton of 20 Cwt.

Spokes for Wheels, the 1,000, viz.

not exceeding 2 Feet in Length -exceeding 2 Feet in Length	.«■

Staves of all Sorts, the 120, viz.

- not exceeding 50 Inches in Length -exceeding 50 Inches in Length	-

Sweet Wood* the Ton of 20 Cwt,

.1

The Growth or Production of any Place excepc the United States of America and the British Colonies.			

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom.		Imported in Foreign Shipping.	

Duties.	Drawbacks.	Duties.	Drawbacks.

£ s. d.	s. d.	£ s, d.	£ s* d.

20 5 4	16 13 4	20 5 4	x3 4

2 0 0		2 0 0	

0 12 ©	0 710	© 13 0	0 8 8

14 6	0160	I56	017 0

f 2 II 0	2 *3 0	2 13 6	1 6

00 O	2 -t 6 0	380	2 16 0

i 7 10	0 19 10	I 10 I	1 1 11

2 18 8	238	320	260

0 0 7	0 © i'	0 0 7	0 0 1 I

Oil	001	Oil	0 0 1 I

360	2 1.6 0	360	2 16 of

The Growth or Frodti&ion of the British Colonies or Plantations,

Duties.	Drawbacks.

£ s. rf. 3 x9 a	£ S* d>

086	0 a 6

j»o S jS	0 a 6

O r-t O	0 w 0

}o 4 2	10 0 0

0 0 7 Oil Oil 0	0 0 1 0 © I 0 4-9

P

p\

V}

o

ro

>

b

M

OO

o

.

o

o

n

Timber, viz.; Fir Timber, the Load of 50 Cir-	

bic Feet, viz.	

-	— being 8 Inches fquare	

and not exceeding	

10 Inches fquare	0 8 10

«	*	exceeding 10 Inches	

fquare	0 H 9

•—•—			 Oak Timber, 8 Inches square or	

upwards, the Load of 50 Cubic	

Feet -	0 15 0

*	of all Sorts, not particularly enu-	

merated or described, or other-	

wife charged with Duty, being	

8 Inches square or upwards, the	

Load of 50 Cubic Feet'	090

Trenails, or Treenails, the 1,000	0310

Users, under 8 Inches square, the 120, viz.	

		under 5 Inches square, and under 24	

Feet in Length	1 13 0

	being 5 Inches square, and under 8 Inches	

square, or if 24 Feet in Length or	

upwards	3 10 4

Wainscot Boards. See Boards.	

	

the Load of 50 Cubic Feet	0 17 8

Yards. See Mails.	

Wood unmanufactured, not particularly enu-	

merated kor described, or otherwife	

charged with Duty, for every ^100 of	

the Value - -	20 5 4

to

to

Ov

A.D.1807.	4;0	GEO.	III.	Seff.2.	C.	16:

TABLE No. I

G»

-W*

4*

o

o

&

FT

BATTENS and Batten Ends (the Growth or Production of any Place other than of the United States of America, or the

British Colonies or Plantationsh not exceeding Seven Inches in Breadth,* the lZ03 viz.

Beino’ in Length,

B ATTEN&

Eight Feet and under Twelve Feet. Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

*	------in	Foreign Shipping

Twelve Feet and under Fourteen Feet. Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom ------*—in Foreign Shipping

Fourteen Feet'and under Sixteen Feet. Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

*	------in	Foreign Shipping

Sixteen Feet and under Eighteen Feet. Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

*	----- — in Foreign Shipping

Eighteen Feet and not exceeding Twenty Feet. Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom in Foreign Shipping

				Being in		Thicknefs not exceeding								

Two Ii	.iches	and a	1 Ha	]f.	J Three Inches and a Half.						Four Inches and			a Half.

Duties.		Drawbacks. |			| Duties.			Drawbacks.			Duties.		Drawbacks-	

£ t, \	d.		S.	d.	e£	s.	d,	=£?	S.	d. I	$£ Jr.	d.	&£	x. d.

o 16	3	0	14	1	I	0	3	O	17	11 j	1 3	3	I	O 10

o Id	7	0	16	4	I	2	7	I	0	I i	I’ 5	8	I	3 2

o 19	0	O	16	3	!	3	3	I	0	4	1 6	5	I	3 6

1 0	9	O	18	3	1	5	3	I	2	n	1 8	6	I	6 2

1 1	0	O	18		j 1	5	6	I	2	5 S	1 8	11	I	5 8

1 3	11	I	0	10	1	8	9	I	5	7 j	1 12	9	I	9 1

1 2	2	O		8;	I	6	11	I	4	^ i	1 10	3	I	7 5

1 5	3	I	2	91	j I	11	1	I	7	10 |	1 14	3	I	11 3

1 4	6	I	1	7 i	1	9	3	I	6	10 1	1 13	0	I	9 11

1 7	1	1	4	n !	! 1	j 2	5	I	IQ	3 !	I Ie>	1	I	14 4

O

M

C\

4^

o

o

w

o

>

b

CO

o

*<r

Table No* i .—continued.

Being in Length.

BA TT E NS'—continued.

Exceeding Twenty Feet.

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom ~--------in	Foreign	Shipping	-	»

BATTEN ENDS.

Under Five Feet*

O

o

eg

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom —-------in Foreign Shipping	-	-

Five Feet and under Eight Feet. Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom ,----r——in Foreign Shipping

Being in Thickness not exceeding.

Two Inches 2nd a Half.		Three Inches and .1 Half		| Fair Inches	and a Hal:.

Duties.	Drawbacks	Duties.	Draw backs.	Duties.	Drawb icks.

£ S. d.	£ s. d.	£ s, d'	£. S' d>	£ S' d.	£ s. d.

1 9 5	163	I l6 2	I 12 IO	1 T9 3	1 15 9

1 13 11	i 10 7	2 0 7	I 17 I	2 5 1	2 1 5

-					

050	0 4 10	C7®	0 7 5	0 9 11	097

057	o55	082	0 7 IO	O M O	0102

062	0 5 10	O92	0 8 7	on 6	O IO TO

0 6 To	066	O99	9 3' §	O !2 3	Oil IO

*o

O

t-i

ON

LO

to

on

A*D, 1807.	470	GEO.	III.	Seil

9N

TABLE No. II.

DEALS and DEAL ENDS, the Growth or Production of any Place other than of the United States of America, or the ' *	Britifh	Colonies	or	Plantations,	the I20t viz.

Being in Length.						Being in		Thicknefs not exceeding								

	Two Inches and a Half.						Three Inches and			a Half, j		I Four Inches and a Half.				

DEALS.	Duties.			Drawbacks.			Duties.		Drawbacks.			Dutie:		s.	Drawbacks.	

Eight Feet and under Twelve Feet.	&S	J.	d.		s,	. d.	<§£? s. d.		£ s.		. d.	36		d.	s.	. J.

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom	I	8	8	1	7	3	I	15 0	I	13	4	1	T9	5	1 *7	6

			in Foreign Shipping	I	*3	5	1	8	9	I	19 11	I	*7	10	2	5	6	2 2	6

Twelve Feet and under Fourteen Feet.																

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom	I	12	2	1	10	11	I	18 2	I	U	0	2	, 2	6	2 I	6

—	in Foreign Shipping	I	U	0	1	H	7	2	4 0	2	3	6	2	8	11	2 4	7

Fourteen Feet and under Sixteen Feet.																

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom	I	16	8	1	H	8	2	4 8	2	1	11	2	9	8	2 6	9

—		in Foreign Shipping	' 2	2	11	2	0	3	2	IO 4	2	6	8	2	16	5	2 13	7

Sixteen Feet and under Eighteen Feet. Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom	2	3	9	1	J9	8	%	12 11	2	7	8	2	18	8	2 12	10

—	in Foreign Shipping	2	8	9	2	5	8	2	19 0	2		9	3	5	4	3 0	6

Eighteen Feet and not exceeding Twenty Feet. Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom	2	5	5	2	2		2	14 6	2	11	9	3	0	6	2 16	5

	2	10	5	2	9	0	3	0 0	2	18	4	3	8	1	3 5	3

470 GEO. III. SefT.2.	A.D.	1807.

"Exceeding Twenty Feet and not exceeding	

Twenty-five Feet.	

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom	2 12 II

-■ —— in Foreign Shipping	3 i 8

Exceeding Twenty-five Feet and under Thirty	

Feet.	

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom	3 S 8

		in Foreign Shipping	3 1+8

Thirty Feet and upwards.	

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom	3 i+ 3

in Foreign Shipping	4 8 7

DEAL ENDS*	

Under Five Feet.	

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom	OII O

—	in Foreign Shipping	0124

Five Feet and under Eight Feet.	

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom	0 13 0

———-—in Foreign Shipping	0 14 5

u>

vi

'91 • o	'S'iPS 'III '030	-iogra'V

SCHEDULE (B.)

Co

K>

<Jd

A SCHEDULE of the Net Duties to be charged on t: e Importation into Ireland of Ooods, Wares, and Merchandize	O

.ill em enumerated or described, being of the G-'owth, Produce, or Manufacture of the United States of America • and of	L

th.e Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation thereof from Ireland.	-	C\

Tobacco, the lb. viz.

O

o

eg.

ft

•	unmanufactured	-	-	-	-

•	if imported by Strangers, or if by any Law now in force it be subject to Aliens Duty,

then.a further Duty of	- -	-

Wood, viz.

—	Anchor Stocks, the Piece	-	-	-	-

—	Balks of all Sorts, under 8 Inches square, the 120

—	Bcttensand Batten Ends, of all Sorts, the 120	-	-

—	Beech Planks of all Sorts, the 120	-

—	Beech Quarters of all Sorts, under 8 Inches square, the 120

—	Boards, the 1 o, viz.

—— ---- Clap Boards, not exceeding 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length, and under 8 Inches square

—----- Pipe Boards, exceeding 5 Feet 3 Inches in Length, and under 8 Inches square

Bowsprits. See Mails.

—	Boxwood, the Ton of 20 Cwt.	-	-	-	-

—	.Deals and JealEnds, of all Sorts, the 120	-	-

—	Ebony, the Ton of 20 Cwt.	-	-	-	-	-

—	Fire Wood^ the Fathom, d Feet wide, an 1 6 Feet high	--	-	-

—	Fir Quarters, of all Sorts, under 8 Inches square, the 120

Duties.		Drawbacks.		

eS S,	cl.		s.	d.

0 0	6	O	0	6

O O	1	O	0	1

O O	7	O	0	0

O I t	0	O	0	■ 0

0 5	6	O	0	6

0 3	4	O	0	4

0 {1	0	O	I	0

0 8	3	O	0 ■	9

0 8	7	O	2	7

1 1	2	0	I	9

0 5	6	O	O	6

0 j 4	0	O	O	0

0 0	7	O	0	1

0 11	0	O	I	0

O

o

t=1

o

02

Ci

b

CO

o

Hosted by

O

o

n

' Kandspikes, the' 120, viz.

<------------under	7	Feet in Length	-	-

7 Feet in Length, or upwards,	-	•	-

Knees of Oak, of all Sorts, under 8 Inches square, the 120

-----	8	Inches	square,	or'upwards,	the	Load	of 50 Cubic Feet

• Lathwood, in Pieces, of all Sorts, the Fathom, 6 Feet wide, and 6 Feet high Lignum Vitae, the Ton of 20 Cwt.	-

Mahogany, the Load of 50 Cubic Feet	-

Mails, Yards, or Bowsprits, 6 Inches in Diameter, and under 8 Inches, the Piece

8 Inches in iameter, and under 12 Inches, the Piece 12 Inches in Diameter, and upwards, the

- Oak Plank, of all Sorts, the 120 - Oars, the J20	-	*	-

-•* Olive Wood, the Ton of 20 cwt.

_L.oad 0850 ^ubicFeet

—	Round Wood, in Pieces of all Sorts under 8 Inches square, the t 20

—	Spars cf all Sorts, under 6 Inches in Diameter (exelulive of t he Bark), the 120	-

—	Speckled Wood, the Ton of 20 cwt.	-

—	Spokes for Wheels of all Sorts, the 1 coo	-	-

—	Staves of all Sorts, the 120, viz.

---——— ---------not exceeding 50 Inches in Length	- -	-

------------------exceeding	so	Inches	in	Length	-

—	Sweet Wood, the Ton of 20 cwt.	-	-	-

—	Timber ; Oak, being 8 Inches square, or upwards, the Load of jo Cubic Feet

—	Timber of a.l S Tts, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwiie charged with

Duty being 8 Inches square, or upwards, the Load of jo Cubic Feet

—	Ufers of all Sorts, under 8 Inches square the 120	-

—	Wainfcot Logs, being 8 Inches square, or upwards, the Load of 50 Cubic Feet

—	Yards. See Malls.

Wood unmanufactured, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, not being exempt from Duty, for every s£i00 of the Value

0	I	6

0	2	0

0	5	6

0	3	8

0	3	10

0	7	4

I		1

0	2	2

0	4	5

0	PS	5

0	5	6

0	< *	2

0	8	3

0	0	2

0	8	6

0	11	0

0	4	2

0	0	7

0	i	1

0	11	0

0	3	8

0	1	6

0	8	10

0	3	8

3 19	2

0	0	2

0	0	0

0	0	6

0	0	4

0	0	4

0	0	8

1	0	0

0	1	6

0	3	1

0	7	TO

0	0	6

0	1	2

0	0	9

0	0	2

0	2	6

0	1	0

0	0	5

0	0	1

0	0	1

0	4	9

0	0	4

0	0	2

0	0	10

0	0	4

0	7	2

p

ON

OJ

N>

vO

A.D. 1807,	47° GEO. III. Self.	2

47° GEO. III. SdE 2.

0. r

A.D.1807.

46 G. 3. c. S3.

i 9*

Four Comrai T-&oners uf Excise empowered to licenle Stills under 500 and aot icfs than noo Gallons Canient.

$ tills under 500" Gallons shall not lie 1 icon fed within FivcMtles or any Diftiliery having a 500 Gallon Still, ^Licence shall be signed bv Four Coroniifionevs, &c.

None shall be been fed to use both a g-eat and fwali Soli.

CAR XVIL

An AS: to amend an AS made in the For ty-fixth Year of Hss

prefect Majesty, for the regulating and securing the Collediou of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland,

[ift Augujt 1807.]

*	'\%J HEREAS by an A<ft made in the Forty-fixtli Year of His

*	d tf present Majesty: s Reign* intituled, An Act to provide for the 5 regulating end securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits distilled e in. Ireland, and the warehousing of fuck Spirits for Exportation, it is s among!!: other Things enacted. That no Licence shall be granted 1 for the keeping or tiling any Still, the Body whereof, without the

*	Head or any other Appendage thereto, fnould not be capable of con-i tabling Five hundred Gallons at the leaPt: And Whereas it maybe *■ neceilary to allow, in certain Parts of Ireland, the Use of Stills, of

*	a Content less thanFive hundred Galions, in Manner and under

*	the Rellridtions herein-after mentioned be it therefore enacted, by the King’s moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excile and Taxes in Ireland, or any Four of them, to grant any Licence to any Person or Persons in Ireland to keep and use, from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seven, any Still or Stills the Body whereof, without the Head or any other Appendage thereto, shall be capable of containing less than Five hundred Galions, and not less than Two hundred Galions, in such Place or Places in Ireland as such Commissioners or any Four of them shall think proper, any Thing in the said recited Adi to the contrary notwithstanding : Subject nevertheless to such Reftridlions and Provilions as are herein-after mentioned and contained.

IL Provided always, and be it enabled, That no Person or Persons shall be licensed by the said Commissioners to keep or use any such Still or Stills of a Content less than Five hundred Galions, in any Place or Part of Ireland within Five Miles of any Distillery House or Place wherein any Still or Stills of Five hundred Gallons Content or upwards shall at the Time be licenied to be kept or used, any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding ; and that all Licences to any Person or Persons to keep or use anyjffich Still or Stills of a Content less than Five hundred Galions, shall be signed by Four of the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, and shall be granted in such Manner, and under such Rules, Regulations, Re-ftridtions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as are provided and enacted by this Adi, and in and by the said recited AS of the Forty-fixth Year aforesaid, with respect to Stills allowed to be licensed under the said recited Adi.

I1L And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons'fhall be licensed to keep or use a Still of Five hundred Gallons _Content or upwards, and a Still of a less Content than Five hundred Gallons Content, at one and the same Time.

4	IV.	And

AJ>. 1807.

470 GEO. III. SefT.2.

C.i7-

331

If a Licence is granted f. 1 a Srili 500 Galions, See wiiiiin Five Miles of n (mall Srili, licensed under this Acl, the ("mail one iy he continued.

Tur e Dr.1wir.g3 {Vnt ro 1 he Com-, mi Loners, Penalty on Srili not hein.f made and kept 10 co reel pond wit is

IV.	And be it further enacted, That if the said Conxmiflioners shall grant a Licence to any f'erfon or Persons to keep or use a Still or Stills of Five hundred Gallons Content or upwards, in any Place within Five Miles of a Distillery where One or more Still or Stills of less than Five hundred Gallons Content shall be licensed to be kept or used under this Adi, such Still or Stills of less than Five hundred Gallons Content may He continued to be kept and used at such Place, and the Licence for so doing may be renewed, for One Year, from the Twenty-ninth Day of September next following the Period at which such Still of Five [hundred Gallons Content or upwards shall ■ be actually fet at work, to the Person or Persons, licensed to keep such Still of less than Five hundred Galions, Content, or the Heirs,

Executors, or Administrators of such Person or Persons ; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V.	And be it further enacted, That before any Licence shall be I/cenccsforStllls granted under the said recited Add- or this Adi, to any Person or ih:tl1 Persons, to have, keep, or make use of any Still or Stills of any 0,1 on Content whatever, the Person or Persons applying for the same shall transmit to the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, for their Approbation, Three Drawings or Representations of each and every Still for which such Person or Persons hall require a Licence ; and each of the said Three Drawings hall truly represent the Number, Dimensions, Content in Galions, Shape, Figure, and Proportions rheD.-awing of each and every such Still or Stills, measured and Specified according icoi. and to the Diredlions of the said recited Adi; upon One of which said Kyteiturc of Drawings or Representations, the Licence for keeping and using the

Still or Stills so represented, hall be granted ; and iq case the Dimensions, Content, Shape, Figure, or Proportions of any Still, for which such Licence hall be required or granted, or the Head or .Worm, or any Appendage to such Still, or the Petition of any Head,

Worm, or Appendage, hall not correspond or agree with such Drawing or Representation, or if at any Time after the Time of delivering such Drawing or Representation, or at any Time during the Continuance of any Licence granted on any such Drawing or Representation, the Dimensions, Contents, Shape, Figure, or Propoitions of any Still for which such Licence dial] be required or granted, or the Head, Worm, or any Appendage to such Still, or the Position of any Head, Worm, or Appendage, shall be changed or altered, so that the same hall not correspond or agree with such Drawing or Representation, unless by the Consent of the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, then and in any and every such Case, the Distiller in whose Distillery such Still, Still-head, Worm, or Appendage shall be,

Shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds ; and every such Still, together with the Head, Worm, and every Appendage thereto, hall be forfeited, and may be Seized.

VI.	And be it further enabled, That in lieu of the Number of Infte.id of the Charges of Singlings or Low Wines fet forth in the said recited A£l Monthly Charges of the Forty-flxth Year, for every Still or Stills of less than One

thousand two hundred and fifty Gallons Content, for the Quantity of Soils' under''T2-0 Spirits produceable wherefrom any Distiller is ch rgeable with Duty Gallons Content, in respect of such Still or Stills, every Distiller hall, from and alter the Charges the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and	*Pec,^e^

Seven, for every Four Weeks or Twenty-eight Days which any such v-^

LLill under

332

3°o G,til.ins,

l 2C Charges —io8.

<,00—91*.

750—84.

JO DC—76.

I 250—69.

C.17.

470 GEO. III. Scff.:

AJD. 1807.

46 G. 3. c. SS.

§ 48. as to L n.iity of-Double Duty on Deere nic ur Sing lings repealed.

46 G. 3. e. SS.

§ 47. repealed as to Charge on oiills-One Eighth of Inc Content or the Still shall be allowed tor working :n making ti.e Chaigts Lh.der

Still shall continue, or shall be presumed to continue working1 under the said recited AN, be charged with and Until pay Duty for luck Quantity or Spirits as might be produced, (according to the Rates fpccihed in the said recited Ako) from the several Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines he rein-after leverally let forth, for and , in respect of each anddvery Still being of the several Contents following ; that is to say, From One hundred and twenty Charges of Low Wines or Singlings, for every Still under Three hundred Gallons Content and not Ids than Two hundred Gallons Content; from One hundred and eight such Charges, for every Still under Four hundred Gallons Content and not less than Three hundred Gallons Content ; from Ninety-fix inch Charges, for every Still under Five hundred Gallons Content and not less than Four hundred Gallons Content; from 'Eighty-four, such Charges, for every Still under Seven hundred and fifty Gallons Content and not lets than Five hundred Gallons oon-tent ; from Seventy-fix such Charges, for every Still under One thousand Gallons Content and not less than Seven hundred and fifty Gallons Content ; from Sixty-nine such Charges, for every Still under One thousand two hundred and fifty Gallons Content and not Lis than One thousand Gallons Content: And that every Diitiller shall, over and above the respective Quantities aforesaid, be charged with and pay Duty in respect of each and every Still or Stills under One thousand two hundred and fifty Gallons Content, for as much more Spirits as might be produced according to the Rates in the said Adi mentioned, from all Pot Ale, Wash, Low Wines, or Singlings, which such Diitiller shall actually distil within every Period of Four Weeks or Twenty-eight Days, over and above the respective Quantities aforesaid.

VII.	c And Whereas it is by the said recited Add enacted, That if 6 any Decrease should at any Time appear or be found by any Officer c of Excise, in any Won, Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or Singlings,

6 in the Distillery of any Diitiller, more than or beyond the Proportion c of Decrease justified by the Charges of the Still or Stills in such 6 Distillery, according to the Directions of the said Act, such Diitiller c should be charged with double Duty for such Quantity of Spirits as

*	might be produced, according to the Rate in the said Act mentioned c from so much Wort, Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or Singlings,

*	as should exceed such Proportion of Decrease respectively ; and the c Surveyor and Gauger in charge of such Distillery was by the said Act c required in such Case to make such Charge, and return the same to 6 the Colledtor of the District accordingly be it enacted, That the said recited Clause shall, from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seven, be and the same is accordingly hereby repealed.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act of the Fortv-fixth Year as enacts, That when and as often as any Still in any Distillery shall be charged with Wash, Pot Ale? Low Wines, or Singlings, such Officer shall charge the Diitiller fora Quantity of Spirits after the several Rates in the said Act mentioned, according to the Content of such Still, estimated as in the said Act mentioned, shall, from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seven, be and the same is hereby repealed; and that from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of Septan-

7	hep

Hosted by

,

333

A.D.18C7.	47°	GEO.	III.	Self.	2b	C.17.

her One thousand eight hundred and seven, in calculating and charg- ^.6 C. c.^-

ing the Quantity of Spirits in respect of each and every Still belonging LQ- and thfS

to any Distiller, according to the Content of each and every iuch Still,

and according to the Number of Charges of Singlings or Low Wines

for each and every such Still, in Manner in this Aft and the said

recited Aft mentioned, there shall be deduced from the Content of

each and every iuch Still One-eighth Part thereof, for Liberty to

work such Still or Sciils respectively.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller lhail be Dsfiil&rs may^ desirous to diicontinue working for the Remainder of any Year, at the End of the iirft Period of Eight Weeks in the Year after gn(| ,.f rhe hrft he shall have commenced working, or at the End of any Period of Two Month*, or Four Weeks after Inch Distiller fnall have recommenced working in any tubfcquent Manner directed by the said recited Act of the Forty-fxth Year, it	^

shall and may be lawful for such Distiller to discontinue working £	j

accordingly : Provided always, That such Distiller ftiali give such Notices, and at such Time and in such Manner as is directed by the	■

said recited Act of the Forty-fixth Year, with re ip eft to Distillers dif-continuing working for the Remainder of any Year, under the Provisions of the said recited Act ; and that every such Distiller so dif. continuing to work for the Remainder of any Year, shall be iubjeft and liable to all the Rules, Regulations, Rest riff 10 re. Penalties, and Forfeitures in the said recited Aftcontained, with respect to Distillers discontinuing working for the Remainder of any Year under the said recited Aft.

enacted, That whenever any Person m Ireland .	.

0 . r -p,	J	.	f>	on	Dunes	unde

my Spirits lor Exportation, under the Regu- ^ q ^ c. gg.

X. And b e it ruuaei	J~	i	i-ii	tv	uur.	vu au v i v.i luii in i '	■	j	„

n 11 i	i r i	n - r ry	J	,	,	f>	on Dunes under

shall have warehouled any lations of the said recited Act of the Forty-iixth Year, the Pay- § ro2, ^05. shall ment after the Rate of Ten Founds for every One hundred Pounds by nor attach on the Year on the Amount of the Duties payable thereon, required by Son it* till Four the said recited Aft, whether such Spirits (hail be taken out for Home ^uiuhs A ter Consumption or be publicly fold, Hi all commence from the Expiration of Four Calendar Months after the Day of storing such Spirits ; any Thine in the said recited Aft to the contrary notwithftandine.

O	JO

XL f And Whereas the Provilions heretofore enacted, for impofmg 46 G. c. S3.

*	and recovering Penalties on Parishes, Townlands or Places, where ( any unlicensed Still or other Utensil for distilling was found or

*	used, have not proved fufticient, and it is expedient to repeal the *■' same, and to make other Pro vi lions in lieu thereofbe it therefore enacted, That so much and such Parts of the said recited Aft, of the Forty-fixth Year aioresaid, as relates to the impofmg, recovering, levying or applying any iuch Fine or Penalty, and so much of the said Aft as relates to the reimbursing the Inhabitants of any Place for any Fine indicted under the Proviftons of the said Aft, or as relates to any Penalty on any Person or Persons collufively leaving or bringing any unlicensed Still or Utensil for distilling, in or to any Place, Shall, from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the palling of this Aft, cease and determine, and shall be and the same is and are hereby

repealed ; save and except as to the impofmg, firing for, levying, Except as to recovering, applying, and reimburfmg any Fine or Penalty, fqr the Penalties Prosecution or Recovery of which, any Information shall be laid on or proceeded for before the Expiration of Ten Days after the palling of this Aft. Rfoie.

waichouling.

§ 90, 9 j, and 92. as to Recovery of Penalties again (f Pa: ifh.es upealed.

XII. And

334

On Information

to a J u tl Pe of Peace, of any unlicenf ci Soil, See. or any VVafh, Scc. not in the Poflcfiion of a licensed Diftillcr or Brewer, 8cc. nor making imto Beer, the Ju(l ct shall take Security, Scc, and return the Information to the Affiz.es, where the Sass shall be tried,and a Fine of col. impoled on the Parish, See. in which the Still, &c. or Wash, &c. is found or ukd.

C. 17.	470	GEO.	III. SefT. 2.	A.D. 1807.

X1L And be it further ena£ted, That from and after Ten Days after the pafling of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, and he is hereby required, upon Information upon Oath to him given, that any unlicensed Still, or any Part of a Still, or any Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or any Utensil for diddling Spirits, has been found or used in any Place within the Jnrifdiiftion of such Juslice, or that any Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or Singlings, has or have been found in any Place within the Jurif-didtion of such Justice (fuch Wash,' Pot Ale. Low Wines, or Singlings, hot being in the PoffefTion of any licensed Didiller in his licensed Diflillery or Stores thereto belonging, or such Wash or Pot Ale not being in the Possession of any licensed Brewer in his licensed Brewery or Stores thereto belonging, or not being mixed with Plops in Quantity fufheient to make the same into Beer, Ale, or Porter, or not having. Hops infused therein in like Quantity for the Purpose of the same being made into Beer, Ale, or Porter) to examine into* the Truth of such Information; and if he shall find reason to believe that such Still or Part of a Still or Appendage to a Still, or such Worm or other Utensil, has been so found or used, as the Case may be, or that such Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or Singlings, has or have been so found, he shall bind over the Person or Persons giving such Information to appear at the Afhzes (orPre-Tenting Term, if in the County or County of the City of Dublin) which shall be next ensuing after such Information shall be laid (provided that there shall be Ten clear Days between the Time when such Still, or Part of a Still, or Appendage to a Still, or such Worm or Utensil for diddling, diall have been so found or used, or such Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or Singlings, shall have been so found refpeclively, and the Fird Day of such Assizes or Presenting Term, and in case there diall not be Ten such clear Days, then at the Assizes or Presenting Term next but one after the laying of such Information as aforesaid) to give .Evidence, if necessary, in support of such Information ; and such Justice shall sign a Notice of such information, directed to, and the said Notice shall be served upon, any Two Inhabitants, being Householders of the Parish (or if such Still, or Part of a Still, or Appendage to a Still, or such Worm or other Utensil, shall be found, or used as the Case may be, or if such Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines,' or Singlings shall be found, in any extra-parochial Place, then such Notice shall be directed to and served on Two such Inhabitants of theTownland, Manor, or Lordship), in which it shall appear by such Information that the Place is situate, where any such Still, or Part of a Still, or Appendage to a Still, or such Worm or other Utensil shall have been so found or used, or any such Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or Singlings, shall have been so found. Seven Days at the lead previous to the Commission Day of such Assizes, or Fird Day of such Presenting Term; and such Judice shall, at or before such Assizes or Presenting Term, deliver to tfte Clerk of the Crown all such Informations so made before him, and such Clerk of the Crown shall lay the same before the Court at the said respective Assizes or Presenting Terms; and it shall and may be lawful for any Person liable to pay any Grand Jury Cess in such PariAi, Townland, Manor, or Lordship respectively, to appear at such Assizes or Presenting Term, and to offer to controvert the Fa£l

A.D.1807.	47° GEO. IIL Seff.2o	C.ij*	33S

Cif finding inch Still, Part of a Still, or Appendage to a Still, or such Worm or other Utensil, or such Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or Singlings, or in case where the Charge in the Information is for using a Still or Worm, or other Utensil for distilling Spirits, to controvert' the Sass that such Still or Worm, ot other'Utensil, had been used for any of the Purposes of Distillation in such Parish, Townland,

Manor, or Lordship, or the Fa£t that any such Still or other Utensil was unfeenfed, or that the Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lord ship, mentioned in any such Information, is the Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lord ship within which the] Place is situate, where such Still, or Part of a Still, or Appendage to a Still, or such Worm or Utensil was so found or used, or wherein any Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or ■Singlings, was or were so found, or to offer to prove that any such Still, or Part of a Still, or Appendage to a Still, or such Worm or other Utensil, Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or Singlings, found within such Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship, was or were col-lufively left or brought there for the Purpose of charging such Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship, with the Penalty by this "

Act imposed; or that such Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or Singlings were found in the Pofieffion of a licensed Diltiller in his licensed J)iftillery or Stores thereto belonging, or that the said Wash or Pot Ale was or were found in the Pofieffion or a licensed Brewer in his licensed Brewery or Stores thereto belonging, or that the same was or were mixed with Hops, in Quantity fuflicient to make the same Into Beer, Ale, or Porter, or that -Hops were infused in the same in like Quantity, for the Purpose of the same being brewed into Beer,

Ale, or Porter; and whenever any such Person shall so appear, and offer to controvert or to prove the Fad£s afore said, or any of them, it Shall be lawful for the Court at the same Assizes or Presenting Term, except as herein-after provided, and such Court is hereby required to try the Faft or Fails so offered to be controverted or proved, in the same Manner as the Traverse to any Presentment of a Grand Jury is or ought to be tried; and upon the said Trial, and upon all Proceedings, and upon any Enquiry touching the Matters in. such Information contained, the Person having given such Information as afore said, and any Colleger or Person employed -by or under him in the levying or collecting of any Grand Jury Cess in the Barony or County of a Town or City within which the Place shall be situate, where any Still, or Part of a Still, or Appendage to a Still, of any Worm or other Utensil for diddling, or any Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or Singlings may lave been so found; and any Churchwarden of any Parish in which I-ifWmer, &«c, uch Place shall be situate, or of any Parish contiguous thereto, shall fuHici^r le a competent Witness and Witnesses ; and upon such Trial no Inhabitant of such Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship, as the Case maybe, shall be capable to serve as a Juror ; and if no such Per-fon shall appear at such Assizes or Presenting Term to controvert or prove the Fadfs as afore said, or if a Verdict shall be given agreeable ta the Information so made to such Jufiice of the Peace, fiich Court shall fine such Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship, in the Sum o! Fifty Pounds, and shall direst the Treasurer of the County, County of a Town, or City, to issue his Warrant for levying the said Sum of Fifty Pounds off the Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship refpec-ihrely, in which it shall appear by such Information that the Place is

fituate

Evidence that ill. Pi,>ee, 6>c. where the Still, &e. 1$ ioitnd, is chatged to the puhia k Cel’s wi'etin a ce'tain P.i: ifli, rh;:ll he 1 u fHc ie) i r Pi oof aeaii.rt Liie P.LI i til.

If at the Trial it Mjwc^rs that the P irilli, 6cc. in the inform.ition, is not the Paiilh in which, the Offence W.iS o-.mmitred, the Juiy fnAli afeertam the Pa i i !h, 6cc. and rite Informer may proceed de novo.

fit into where such Still, or Part of a Still, c Appendage to a Still, for such Worm or other Utensil, or such Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wires,-or Sinklings, was or were found, or was. or we-e used, as the C.iie may he ; whie’i said Sum of Fifty Pounds shall be levied by the Collector of the Grand Jury Cess, in like Manner and with like Powers, Authorities, and Remedies, in case of Non-payment thereof, or of any Part thereof, as are provided by Law with respect to ary Money to be-levied umler any Prefentmeut of a Grand Jury, exeunt as hereinafter mentioned.	*

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That whenever the Fact, that the Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship, mentioned in any such Information, is the Townland, Pari in, Manor, or Lordship within which the Place is situate, where such Still, or Part of a Still, or Appendage to a Still, or luc.h Worm or Utensil for diddling was so found or used, or wherein any such Wash, Pot Ale, or Singlings was or were so found, shall be controverted in Manner herein-before mentioned, Evidence may be given that the Place where such Still, or any Part cf a Still, or Appendage to a Still, or such Worm or Utensil was found or uied, or iuch Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or Singlings, was or were found, has been charged with or paid same Grand Jury Cess, or Parish Cess, as Part of the Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship, mentioned in such Information, and such Evidence shall be deemed fumcient Proof for the Purposes of this Aft> that such Place is aftuaily situate within such Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship, and iuch PanPn, Townland, Manor, or Lordship, shall be charged with the Penalty under this c\ft accordingly.

XIV.	And be it further enabled, That on the Trial of the One ft ion, whether the Pan lb, Townland, Manor, or Lorcjfnip mentioned in any such Information, is the Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship within which the Place is situate where such Still or Part of a Still or Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or Utensil for diddling, was so found or used, dr where any Wafa, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or Singlings, was or were so found, the Judge of Assize or Court before whom the said Question shall be tried, shall dire ft the Jury that in case they shall be of Opinion that such Place is not situate in the Parish, Town-land, Manor, or Lordship, mentioned in such Information, they shall

, proceed to enquire on the Evidence of the Parties and Persons then present, and to find and declare in what Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship, such Place is actually situate ; and Inch Jury shall enquire and find and declare accordingly, or shall had and declare that they have not learned, and do not know in what Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship, such Place is lltuate; and it shall be lawful for the Informer who prosecuted such Information, to proceed dc novo, either against the Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship in which the Juty shall find and declare such Place to be situate, or a gain ft any Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship, within which iuch Informer shall, from the Evidence given at such Trial or other-wife, have Reason to believe that such Place is situate, and to recover the Penalty for such Offence a gain ft any such Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship, at the then next ensuing Aftizes or Presenting Term,, in such Manner and under such Regulations in all re fp efts as are herein-before mentioned and contained with respect; to the original Proceeding by such Informer; and upon the Trial of any Information

337

A.D. 1807.	470	GEO.	III. Seff.2.	C.17.

tion for such Penalty again ft any Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lord--ship, at such subsequent Assizes, the former Verdict or Finding of the Jury, that the Place mentioned in such Information was situate within the Parish, Townland, Manor, or ‘Lord(hip, so proceeded again#,

Shall be Evidence that such 'lace was so ftnated, unless the same shall be disproved by other Evidence offered to controul the same.

XV.	And, for the more easily ascertaining the Parish, Townland, Informer may Manor, and Lordship, liable to any Fine under this Act, be it en- apply 10 JufliC€! acted, That whenever any Person shall find any unlicensed Still or p Part of a Still or Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or Utensil for ,n°d Jury* distilling Spirits, or &ny Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or Singlings, Cess. to artend in Manner herein-before mentioned, in any Place in Ireland, where it the Place, and by the Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship, in which the Place shew the Parish, shall be situate, where the same shall be used or found, may be iub* ^cok.'^hls jedl to the Fine in this Adi mentioned, it shall and maybe lawful for yppiotmcnt, the Person so finding the same, to apply to the Justice of the .Peace See. before whom Information of such Offence shall be given, according to the Dirediions of this Adi, or to any other Justice of the Peace, for a Summons, which Summons such Justice shall ifTue accordingly, under his Hand, to any Person be ng or having within Two Years preceding been, or whom such Informer shall have reason to believe is or has been a olledlor, or employed by or under any Coiledlor in the levying and colledling of the Grand Jury Cess, in the Barony or County of a Town or City within which such Place shall be situate, commanding and requiring such Collector or other Person to attend the said Informer to the Place in which such Still or Part of a Still or Appendage to a Still, or such Worm or Utensil, or such Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or Singlings, was or were found by such Informer- and there to ihew by the Books of Applotment in the Pofleflion	,

of such CoPedlor or other Person, or otherwise to make known to such Informer, in what Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship, such Place was last charged, or charged at any Time within Two Year preceding with Grand Jury Less, and such Coiledlor or other Person shall attend and (hew, or make known the same accordingly.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- Churchwardens ful for any inch Person to make a like Application to such justice may he (um-for a like Summons to the Churchwardens of any Parish in which J^oned to give such Informer shall have Reason to believe that the Place is situate in the°pT^fh"in which any such Still or f art of a Still or Appendage to a Still, or like Manner, any such "Worm or Utensil, or any such Wash, Pot Ale, Low Wines,

or Singlings, may be found by such Person, and also for a like Summons to the Churchwardens of any Parish next contiguous thereto ; and such Justice shall issue such Summons and Notice, and such Churchwardens shall attend accordingly, and shall shew and make known io such Informer, in what Parish the said Place was last charged to any Vestry or Parish Cess.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That if any such Coiledlor shall Realty for negleu or refuse to attend, in obedience to such Summons, or shall

withhold such Information as shall be so required of him, under this Churchwarden Act, or shall knowingly give false Information touching the ’Matters &c. 20U aforesaid, such Coiledlor or other Person shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and if any Churchwarden or other Person so summoned shall so neglect or refuse to attend, or shall withhold any such Information,

47 Geo. III.	Z	or

33S

C. 17.

47* GEO. III. Seff. 2.

A.D.1807

Judge may postpone "'rial , to next Assize.

D'driburi n of Penalty of 5.;!. ©11 pjvifl-ies, Scc.

-One Moiety to

I be j nb»r nn.-r,

if an E/ciie Officer.

1 f Informer is

not an Excise Officer, then to such Informer or to the j offices

Commissioners ofExcifcmay order Payment of Co Pcs as Incidents.

Commissioners of Excik* in iy older Colledlorg

or Tall knowingly give any false Information, such Churchwarden or other Person Hi all forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it enabled. That it shall and may -be lawful to and for any Judge of Assize, before whom any Information or Informations shall be laid and traversed as aforesaid, in case there shall not be a sufficient Time to try the same, to poflpone until the next ensuing AiTr/es the Trial or Trials thereof; at which next ensuing AiTr/es the same Tall be tried, without any further or new Notice of such Trial so adjourned, and without any further Delay or Adjournment ; and upon such Poflponement, the Judge of Assize Tall bind over the Person or Persons, by whom such Information or Informations Tall be respectively laid, and the refpeffcive Witnesses to prove the same, to appear at such next Affixes, and to proceed in the' fa id Information or Informations accordingly.

XIX.	Afcd he it further enabled, That every such Fine or Sum of Fifty Pounds, io imposed at any Affixes or Presenting Term on any Pari ill, Townland, Manor, or LordTip. in Manner herein-before mentioned shall ( after deducting thereout the Coils of recovering the same, if such Cores Tail not be paid in Manner herein-after provided, but where such. Coils Tall be paid in Manner herein-after provided, then such Fine or Sum of Fifty Pounds, without any Dedu&ion) be applied in Manner follow ing ; that is to say, One Moiety thereof (dr of so much thereof as Tall remain after deducting the Coils in case afore]aid) Tall be paid by the Treasurer of the County,

, Counter a Town or City, to the Officerof Excise who Tall have given Iv.ch Information to such Juilice of the Peace, and who Tall have appeared at the AiTizes or Seffion6, pursuant to his Recognizance to prosecute the same, and Tall be applied by him in rewarding himself and his Affillains in such Manner and according to such Proportions as the said Co m mi Toners of Inland Excise and Taxes Tall dire 61 ; and in case the Person giving such Information Tall not be an Officer of Excise, then such Moiety Tall be paid by such Treasurer, according to the Biredtior.s of the Court, either to iuch Informer, or to such Juilice as aforesaid, to be by him applied in rewarding such Informer, or othenvife promoting the Suppression of uidicenfed Stills within his Jurisdiction, according to his Discretion ; and the other Moiety of such Fine or Sum of Fifty Pounds Tall in all Cases be paid by every such Treasurer, if in the County of Dublin, or County of the City of Dublin, to the Society for diicountenancing Vice and promoting Virtue in the said City, fur the Die of the said Society, and if in any other County or County of a Town or City, to the Treasurer of the Public Infirmary or Hospital of such County, Town, or City, for the Use of the said Infirmary or Hoipital. or for or towards erecting and maintaining; one or more Wards for Idiots or Lunatics, as the Governors of such Infirmary or Hospital shall think fit.

XX.	And be it fuither enabled, That it Tall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, to direct that all Coils which shall be incurred in prosecuting any such Information, or so much thereof as the said Commissioners Tall think proper, Tall be paid out of any .Revenue under their Management, and to place the same under the Head of incidents, without any Warrant in that Behalf.

XXI.	And be it further enabled, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, if they shall fo-think

fit.

Ait); iS07.	470GEO. III. SelT. 3.	C. 17.	339

fit, to order the Colle&or of Excise of the Diflribl wherein any Fine to advance to_ as aforesaid shall be imposed and be directed to be levied, to advance In for m e r s i h e 1 r and payout of any public Money in his Hands, the Share of ciny ia,c°l ines* such Fine which is directed to be paid to such Officer by the Provisions of this Act; which Order every Collector of Excise is hereby required to obey, upon the same being sent or delivered to him, and upon such Officer producing to him a Certificate from the Clerk of the Crown, that such Fine was imposed and directed to be levied, and that such Officer did appear at the Affixes or Sessions pursuant to his Recognizance to prosecute.

XXII.	And be it farther enabled, That every such Payment so Collector shall made by any Collector of Excise shall be allowed to him in his Ac- be reimbursed counts; and that every Treasurer of a County, County of a Town,

or City, wherein any Colleblor shall have advanced and paid such Sum$ ,cvicd Money as aforesaid, shall, on demand made by or on Behalf of the for F.nes. Collector who shall have made such Advance, or his Successors, repay to hi my for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the full Amount of the Money io advaneed, out of the first Monies he shall receive from the Person to whom"he shall have iffned his Warrant for levying such Fine ; and the Receipt of such Collector shall be a sufficient Acquittal to such Treasurer, and every such Payment shall be allowed to such Treasurer in his Accounts accordingly.

XXIII.	And for the better apportioning and applotment of any How the Fine such Fine imposed on any Pavifh, Townland, Manor, or Lordship ; be shall beappJotted it further enabled, That it shall and may be lawful for any Two Per- ontl^ePai.uh,&c-ions, each liable to pay Grand Jury Cess in any Parish, Townland,

Manor, or Lordship on which any Fine or Fines fnall have been imposed by virtue of this Adi, to poll: up, within Ten Days after such Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship shall have been so fined, on the Door of the Church or ether Place of Worship, or in any other conspicuous Place in such Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lord-ship, a Notice, signed by themselves, requiring all Persons liable to pay Grand Jury Cess within such Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lord flip, to meet on a certain Day, not more distant than Thirty Days nor nearer than Twenty Days, at same convenient Place within such Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship, specified in such Notice, to applot the Sum or Sums in which such Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship shall have been fined as aforesaid ; and that it shall be lawful for the Persons who shall meet pursuant to such Notice, each liable to pay Grand Jury Cess in such Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship, to applot all such. Sums to be levied on the- Whole or only on so much or such Parts of such Pari fit, Townland, Manor, or Lordship as they shall judge fit, always comprehending in such Applotment such Part of the Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship only as lies within the County where such Fine or Fines shall have been imposed, and always comprehending every Part thereof so lying within such County, within One Mile of the Place or Places where any Still, or Part of a Still, or Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or other Uteniil shall have been found or used, or any Wash, Pot Ale,

Low Wines, or Singlings shall have been found, in refpebt whereof such Fine or Fines shall have been so imposed.

XXIV.	And be it further enabled. That within Forty Days from Collector shall the Day whereon any such Fine shall have been imposed, such Applot- ,ev7 the Fine

' ,	ment	accordm£ to such

Zz

; __________________________________________________

(

£4°	C.	17.	47®	GEO.	III.	Self,	a*	A*D.	1807

^pplotmcnf, if tnent fnall be delivered to the Collector or other Person empowered’ to co^e<^ Public Cess, Signed by Five or more of the Persons pays.0 ° jV appletting the same, verified by Affidavit sworn by them before a Magistrate, which Affidavit any Magistrate is hereby empowered to administer, and which Shall be to the Import following (that is to say) that Inch Applotment has been made at a Meeting held under the Provisions of this Act, and that every Person who has Signed the same, is to the bed of their Belief and Judgement liable to the Payment of Grand Jury Cess in such Pariflt, Townland, Manor, or Lord-snip, and that such Applotment is fairly and impartially made to the bell of their Skill and Judgement upon the Whole or such Parts of the said Pariffi, Townland, Manor, or Lordship, as are comprized within such Applotment ; and thereupon every such Collector or other Person Shall levy the Amount of such Fines, agreeably to such Applotment, upon the Persons, and in the Amount upon each Person respectively named therein, byDiftrefs and Sale of the Goods of every ^pv^cd^the61^	^>er^on reirufing or neglecting to pay; and in case no such

Fine fhal'i he	Applotment fnall be so made and delivered within Forty Days as

levied off the aforesaid, such Collector or other Person Shall and may, and he is wholeParifn,occ. hereby required to levy the Penalty or Penalties so imposed as aforesaid, off the Whole of such Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lord-Ship, or off such Part of such Pariffi, Townland, Manor, or Lordship, as is situate within the County, the Treasurer whereof Shall have issued the Warrant, in like Manner and with like Powers, - Authorities, and Remedies, in case of Non-payment thereof, or of any Part thereof, as are provided by Law, in respect to any Money to be levied under any Presentment of a Grand Jury.

XXV.	And in order to avoid all Doubts and Difficulties in Cases where a Pariffi, Townland, Manor, or Lordship Shall be situate in Two or more Counties ; be it further enacted, That such Part of any Pariffi,

Part included in Townland, Manor, or Lordffiip, as is situate within the County, the County where County of a Town or City, wherein any Fine Shall be imposed, Shall * oted^aVbe" ^eeme<^ an^ considered as the Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lord-liable to the Fine. foipj made liable to Fines in refpeeff of any unlicensed Still, or Part of a Still, or Appendage to a Still, or Worm or other Utensil for diffilling, so found or used therein, or in respect of any Waffi, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or Singlings found therein, and proceeded against under the Provisions of this A£t.

For rcimburfing XXVI. And in order to reimburse the Several Inhabitants or Land-the Fine to the holders in any PariSh, Townland, Manor, or Lordffiip, upon or by Inhabitants l>y whom any Penalty Shall have been levied or paid, by virtue of any the Offender. Warrant from any Treasurer as aforesaid, in refpefl of any unlicensed Still, or Part of a Still or Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or other Utensil, or any Waffi, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or Singlings, so found as aforesaid ; be it enabled, That it Shall and may be lawful for any one Inhabitant or Landholder in any Pariffi, Townland, Manor, or Lordffiip, who Shall have paid any such Penalty or any Part thereof, to proceed by Civil Bill on Behalf of the whole Pariffi, Town-land, Manor, or Lordffiip, at ary Time within Three Years from the Time when any such Penalty was paid, against the Person or Persons who was or were the Owner or Owners of the unlicensed Still or Part of a Still or Appendage to- a Still, or Worm or other Utensil, or Wash, Pot Ale, Low - Wines, or Singlings, on Account of which

any

Where Parish, Sec. borcJei s on Two or mute Counties, the

A.D.i8c>7-

470 GEO. III. Seff.2.

C.17.	341

any such Penalty was so levied or paid, or against the Person or Per-fons who made use of the same, or against the Person or Persons in whose Tenement the same was seized, for the Recovery of the whole of the Money so paid by the Inhabitants or Landholders of such Parish,

Townland, Manor, or Lordship, on account of such Penalty; and any such Inhabitant or Landholder, who shall first proceed in Manner aforesaid for the Recovery of such Money, shall recover the Amount of the Penalty or Money so paid by such Pari fir, Townland, Manor, or Lordthip, in the same Manner as any Debt or Demand in ordinary Cases recoverable by Civil Bill may be recovered and levied, together with full Costs ; and the Money so recovered shall be paid to the Person suing for the same, and shall be by him applied in Repayment to and among himself and the other Landholders and Inhabitants of such Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship, in the Shares and Proportions paid by them respectively on account of such Penalty, in such Manner as the Judge of Afsize, Recorder, Chairman, or Assistant Barrifler before whom such Recovery shall be had, shall order and direct : Provided always, that no Sum of Money shall be recovered in Manner aforesaid on behalf of any Parish, Townland,

Manor, or Lordship, by more than one Person, on account of one and the same Penalty, so levied on any such Parish, Townland,

Manor, or Lordship, and that if more Persons than one shall proceed by Civil Bill, on account of one and the same Penalty, the Recorder, Chairman, or Assistant Barrister, or Judge of Afsize, shall dismiss the Bill of every Person lo proceeding, except that of the Person who shall have first proceeded in Manner aforesaid, on account of such Penalty.

XXVII.	And be it further enabled, That if any Person or Persons Penalty on shall be guilty of any Collulion, in leaving or bringing in or into any P-tfons collu-Parifh, Townland, Manor, or Lordship, any unlicensed Still or Part i^iv|el”

of a Still or Appendage to a Still, or any Worm or other Utensil for intoPaiilhes,&c.

diddling Spirits, or any Waffi, Pot Ale, Low Wines, or Singlings,

whereby such Parish, Townland, Manor, or Lordship, shall be or

become liable to the Payment of any such Fine or Penalty, every

Person so offencjing shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds ; and if such

Person shall be an Officer appointed by or acting under the Commif-

iioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, such Person shall, upon Conviction

for such Offence, be, and is hereby declared and rendered incapable

of holding any Office or Employment wiiatsoever, Civil or Military,

under Hi8 Majesty, His Pleirs or Successors, or under any Authority

derived from His Majesty, His Heirs cr Successors.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted. That all and every the Powers of Clauses, Rules, Regulations, Reftridlions, Provisions, Penalties, For- recity4 A&r feitures, and Modes of Recovery thereof, provided, mentioned, and tended0* contained in the said recited Act of the Forty-fixth Year aforesaid,

with respect to any Still or Stills allowed to be licensed under the said recited Adi, and with respect to the Worts, Wash, Pot Ale,

Singlings, Low Wines, or Spirits brewed, or made, or diftilled* by any such Distiller or other Person, and with respect to any Charges of Duty or Surcharges, or other Charges on such Distiller or other Person, and with respect to the Spirits to be made and distilled in any such Still or Stills, and with respect to the Distiller or Person keeping or uling any such Stills, and with respect to all Matters and

*	Z	3	Things

342

C.ij, 18.

47° GEO. III. Seff. 2.

A.D. 1807.

A£t may b<? amended.

Tilings whatever relating to such Still or Stills, or to filch Distiller or other Person kecking or tiling the same, shall be applied and put in Pra0:ice with relpect to any Still or Stills licensed under this Act, and with respect to any Distiller or other Person licensed to keep or use anv Still or Stills under this Act, and in making Charges and Surcharges on such Distiller or other Person, as iully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if all the said Cinuses, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provikons, Penalties, and Forfeitures, had been expressly repeated and re-enabled in this A 61 ; and that every Distiller or other Person who shall be licensed to keep or use any Still or Stills under this Act, shall be charged and chargeable* and liable in all Relpects to the Payment of all Duties', and the Observance of all Regulations, and shall be subject to all such Reftn6lions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as in the said recited Act and this Acl, are expressed, mentioned, and contained ; and that the said recited Act and this Act shall be construed together as One Act to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, so far as the same arc compatible or cpnfiilent with each other, and as the said recited Act is amended and altered by this A6P

XXIX. A.nd be it enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be palled in this Session of Parliament.

In case of Suspension of Part of Duty on Raw Sugar under 46 G. 3. c. 62. the Countervailing Duties on Btitilh Refined Sugars into Ireland, anti pf the Drawbacks on Irifii refined Sugars into ' Great Bntjin fhallbe decreased m tiiC I'reportic-n herein mentioned.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act to provide for the Decrease and Sufpension, in certain Cases, of Part of the Countervailing Duties on British Refined Sugar imported into Ireland. [ift August 1807.]

W PIE REAS by an Act, palled in the Forty-fixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for granting certain Duties and 5 Drawbacks on Iron, Sugar, and Tea, the Lord High Treasurer,

6 or the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury of Ireland, or any * Three or more of them, for the Time being, are empowered to ‘ fuspend, in certain Cases, the Payment of Part of the Duty on * Raw Sugar imported into Irelandbe it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament alsembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer, or Comrnifiioners of the said Treasury, or any Three or more of them, for the Time being, and they are hereby required from Time to Time to make Order, that from the Commencement of any such Suspension of Duty, and during the Continuance thereof, the several Countervailing Duties on Refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Great Britain imported into Ireland, fet forth in the Schedule to the said recited Act annexed, shall be decreased, and also that the Equivalent Drawback on Refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Ireland, exported from thence to Great Britain, shall be decreased in the following Proportions ; (that is to say,) For every Shilling in the Hundred Weight of such Duty on any Raw Sugar, 10 fufpeuded, the Countervailing Duty and the Equivalent. Drawback on every Hundred Weight of Sugar called Bastards, whole or ground, shall be decreased by the Sum of One Shilling; and the Countervailing Duty and Equivalent Drawback on every Hundred

Weight

A.D. 1807.

470 GEO. III. Self. 2.

19.

343

Weight of Refined Sugar called Lumps or Sugar Candy Brown, shall be decreased by the Sum of One Shilling and Ten-pence Halfpenny ; and the Countervailing Duty and Equivalent Drawback on every Hundred Weight of Refined Sugar called Single Loaf, shall be decreased by the Sum of Two Shillings ; and the Countervailing Duty and Equivalent Drawback on every Hundred Weight of Refined Sugar, called Powder Loaf, or Double Loaf, or Sugar Candy White, and'of any Refined Sugar, of any other Sort not herein before specified,

(hallbe decreased by the Sum of Two Shillings and One Penny Three Earthings.

II. And be it further enacted, That it- shall be lawful for the said Payment of To Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, in like muchof the said Manner, from Time to Time to make Order for the Sufpenlion of the	^

Payment of so much of the said Countervailing Duties and Equivalent as are f0 Drawbacks refpefiively, as shall be so decreased in Manner afore- decreased ftiall said, and for continuing such Sufpenlion, and for altering the Amount suspended of such Decrease, and for taking off such Sufpenlion, and for renew- according!}-., ing the same, in like Manner, and at the same Time and Times as the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury are, by the said recited Act of the Forty-fixth Year, empowered to suspend the Payment of any Part of the Duty on any Raw Sugar ; and every Order for such Sufpenlion, and also for every Alteration or Termination of any such Sufpension, shall be pubiiflied in the Dublin Gazette, at such Days and Times as the Suspension of any Part of the said Duty on any Raw Sugar, or any Alteration or Termination of such Sufpenlion, is by the said lait recited A£t directed to be publilhed, and at such other Days and Times as the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, shall think fit ; and such Sufpen-fion of Countervailing Duty and Equivalent Drawback shall be subject and liable to such other Rules and Regulations as the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury. shall from Time to Time direct and appoint.

4 Commissioners of Customs empowered to repay to Importers of 4 Refined Sugar since 14th July 1806, certain Proportions of the 4 Countervailing Duties paid by such Importers, o/k. 3 s. per Cwt.

4 on Bastards; 5J. 7\d. on Lumps: 6 s. on Single Loaf; and 4 6s.	on	Double	Loaf,	6*Y. in Consideration of the Suspension

4 of 3 s. per Cwt. on Raw Sugar during that Time. § 3.

CAP. XIX.

An AH to continue, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and eight, and to amend, Two AHs made in the Parliament of Ireland, to regulate the Trade of Rectifying Spirits.	[ill	Auguft	1807.J

(	an	was	rnade	in	the Parliament of Ireland> 330,3. (I.)

< yy in the Thirty-eighth Year of His prefeifbMajefiy*s Reign, c. 52,

■ intituled, An Ad to regulate the Trade of Rectifying Spirits, ana to 39	3*	GO

4 prevent Frauds in His Majesty’s Revenue by Redificrs of Cpints ; And v' *w*

( Whereas an AH was made in the Parliament of Ireland\ in the 4 Thirty-ninth Year of His present Ma jelly’s Reign, to continue and * amend the said AH of the Thirty-eighth Year j and the said recited

Z-q	4	Acts

344

47° GEO, III. Seff.-j;

C. 19.

A.D.1807.

Continued to 29th Sept. tSoS.

So much of 38 G. 3. c. 52.

$ 33. as rt] res to Allowances to Rcdt tiers and Compounders repealed.

No Person licensed under this Ail to be a Recftiher tball all'o be licenlcd to compound, •Sec.,

47 G: ;

c. 18.

A ft shall not extend to

■ Adis have by several Adis been continued, and are in force until the * Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and ‘ seven : And it is expedient that the said Adis should be further c continued and amended be it therefore enacted by the King’s mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Adis shall be, and the same are hereby further continued ; and the said Adis, together with this Adi, shall be in force from the said Twenty-ninth Ray of September One thousand eight hundred and seven, until and upon the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and eight, except only so far as the said recited Adis are repealed or altered by this Adi.

II. And be it further enacted. That from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seven, so. much and such Part of the said recited Adi of the Thirty-eighth Year, rs enadl and directs, That for making unto Rtdlifiers and Compounders of Spirits a fair Allowance for that Licreafe by Water, Sugar, Syrup, or Fruit, which may be necciTary, there shall be allowed Permits for fending out any Number of Callers not exceeding the Rate or Proportion of One hundred, and fifty Gallons of Iriflo Brandy, Rectified Spirits, or Compounds, for every One hundred Gallons of Raw Spirits of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, which they respectively shall have received from any Distiller of Spirits, (laa 11 be and the same is hereby repealed.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seven, it shall and mav be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, in Ireland', to grant any Licence to any Person or Persons to redlify Spirits and Strong Waters, and also to grant any Licence to any Person or Persons to compound Spirits or Strong Waters, and that no Person who shall be so licensed to keep a Still or Stills, to redlify Spirits, and Strong Waters, shall at the same Time be licensed to keep any Still or Stills to compound Spirits and Strong Waters ; and that no, Person who shall be so licensed to keep a Still or Stills to compound Spirits and Strong Waters, shall at the same Time be licensed to keep any Still or Stills to redlify Spirits and Strong Waters, other than such as such Persons shall compound ; but that all such Licences to keep any Still or Stills to redlify, shall be separate and diflindl from Licences to compound, and to separate and diflmdt Rerfous, any Thing in any Adi or Adis in force in Ireland to the contrary not with -Handing ; and that oip every such Licence to redlify Spirits, and on every such Licence to'compound Spirits, the Duty of Ten Shillings for every Gallon which such Still or Stills is capable of containing, shall be paid and payable under and by virtue of anAdl made in the Seif, i- lad Seiko n of Parliament, intituled, An Act to grant to His Majefly-certain. Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland, and to allow certain Drawbacks in refbect thereof in lieu of former Rates and Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties ; and every Licence granted contrary, to this Adi. after the said Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seven, shall be actually null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided always, that nothing in this Adi contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to Eany Stid or Stills

which.

Hosted by

C. 19.

345

A.D. 1807.	470	GEO.	III.	Self.	2.

which, under and by virtue of an Adi:, made in the Forty-fi'th A ear of Hie' present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to provide for the regulating and fecurlng the ColleBion of the Duties on r. fir its djaded in Ireland, and the warehoujing cj such Spirits for Exportation, shall have been o; ihaif be granted purfunnt to the Proviiions in the- Raid Act contained, tor any Still or Stills to be kept or tiled at Apothecaries Hall in Dublin, or to be kept or uied by any Chymill, Apothecary, or Druggilt in Ireland\ or to be k( nt or used by any Perion or Persons for the diddling of Medical Waters, or for making Experiments and Discoveries in Natural Philofophv ; any Thing hereiu-beiore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV.	And be it further enacted. That from and after the said Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fe-ven, no Licence shall be granted for the keeping or using of any Still or Stills for the reHifying of Spirits or Strong Waters, the Body whereof, without the Head or other Appendage thereto, shall not be capa le of containing Eighty Gallons at leak, and which shall be capable of containing Two hundred Galions, nor for the keeping or ufing* of any Still or Stills for the compounding of Spirits or Strong Waters, the Body whereof, without the Head or other Appendage thereto, Shall not be can able of containing Sixty Gallons at the leak, and which shall be capable of containing One hundred Galions, and every Licence granted contrary hereto shall be, and the lame, is hereby declared to be null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

V.	And be it further enaHed, That for making unto Compounders of Spirits a fair Al owance for the necessary Inereafe by Water, Sugar, Syrup, or Fruit, there shall be allowed unto such Compounders Permits far fending out any Number of Gallons not exceeding the Rate or Proportion of One hundred and twenty Gallons of Compound Spirits for every One hundred Gallons ct Raw Spirits at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, which shall have been duly permitted into the Stock of such Compounder according to Law.

VI.	Andbe it further enaHed, That from and after the said Twen-ty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seven, no Person shall be deemed a Compounder of Spirits, who shall reHify Raw Spirits for Sale, or who Shall rectify or manufacture IriJIo Spirits in Imitation of Foreign Brandy or other Foreign Spirits, or Spirits of Wine ; and.that every Licence to be granted by virtue of this AH to any Person or Perions to keep or use any Still or Stills for reHi-fying Spirits, shall authorize such Person or Persons to reHify IriJIo Spirits for Sale in their pure State, or to manufacture such Spirits in Imitation of Foreign Brandy or other Foreign Spirits, or Spirits of Wine ; and that every Licence to compound Spirits, granted by virtue of this AH to any Person or Persons, Shall authorize such Person or Persons to reHify such Spirits only as such Person or Persons shall or may afterwards compound, by mixing the same with Water, Syrup, Sugar, Fruit, or other Ingredients, and not any other Spirits whatever : And if any Person or Persons in Ireland, who shall be so licensed under the Proviiions of this AH to keep or use any Still or Stills for reHifying Spirits as aforesaid, shall compound any Spirits otherwise than in Imitation of Foreign Brandy or other Foreign Spirits ; or if any Person or Persons in Ireland, who shall be so licensed tinder the Proviiions of this AH 10 keep a Still or Stills for compounding

Apothecaries Sr ills. & c. licensed under 46 G. 3. c. 88. If*

Contents of Si ills. Rectifiers 80 to 200 Gal, Compounders 60 — / 00.

Ailov/amce of 20 per Cent, to Compounders for [ncicafe of Sugar, &c.

Who shall be deemed Rectifiers and Compounders, See.

Hosted by G( e

346

C. io, 20.

47° GEO. III. Scfl'. z.

A.D. 1807.

Compound Spirits fcund in the Stock of a Reel 1 her, and recti hod Spirits in the Srock of ■a Compounder, forfeited.

AGs 30 G. 3.

C. r2.	39	G.	3.

c. 58. shall be applied to Rcdtifkrs and Com pounders refDcdVt vely, licensed under this Act,

p Anns, c. 7.

pounding Spirits, shall use any Still 01; Stills in the making or distilling of Iriflo Spirits in Imitation of Brandy, or of other Foreign Spirits, or in the diddling of any Raw Spirits, for the Fnrpofe of rectifying the lame for Sale, without being compounded, every such Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds ; and any Licence or Licences, previously granted to any such Person so offending, shall be and become, and is hereby declared to be forfeited, null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever ; and all Compound Spirits whatever, other than and except Spirits in process of manufacturing, or maimia<3;ured in Imita'.ion of Foreign Brandy or of other Foreign Spirits, which {hell be found in the Stock of any ' Person licensed under the Provihoiis of this Act to keep or use any Still or Stills to rectify any Spirits ; and all Rectified Spirits, and all Iriflo Spirits made in Imitation of Brandy, or of other Foreign Spirits, which shall be found in the Stock of any Person lo licensed to keep or use any Still or Stills for compounding of Spirits, other than such Spirits as shall have been rectified by such Compounder of Spirits for the Purpose of being compounded by him, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Excise or Customs in Ireland.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Acts of the Thirty-eighth and Thirty-ninth Years, for regulating the Trade of Rectifying Spirits, and ah Clauses, Pro Alio as, Rules, and Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures, therein contained, shall extend and be construed to extend to all and every Person and Persons who fit all be licensed under the Provibons of this Alt to keep or use any Still or Ltills for the rectifying of Spirits and Strong Waters, and to all and every Person and Persons who shall be so licensed to keep or use any Still or Stills for the compounding of Spirits and Strong Waters re-fpedlively, in such Manner as if such Licences had been separate and diflindt, in Manner dircdled b)r this Act, at the Time of the palling of the said recited Adis of the V hirty-eighth and Thirty-ninth Years aforesaid ; and all the Clauses, Provilions, Rules, and Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures, in the said recited Adis or this Adi contained, shall be applied and put in Execution as to inch Persons so licensed respectively in Manner directed by this Adi ; and the said recited Adis and this Adi shall be confcrued together as one Adi, so far as the same are compatible or confident with each other, and as the said recited Adis are amended by this Adi.

CAP. XX.

An Add to enable His Majesty to appoint the Chancellor of the Exchequer, for the Time being in Ireland, One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treafyrer in England, without Salary. [lft Augujl 18070]

< L fj HEREAS an Aft paffied in the Sixth Year of the Reign 6 d d of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Security of Her c Majesty’s Person and Government, and of the Succejjion to the Crown i of Great Britain in the Protes art Line And Whereas it is thereby ? enabled, that, in order to prevent for the future too great a Num-c ber of Commissioners to be appointed or constituted for the exe-r cuting of any Office, that no greater Number of1 Commissioners ‘ shall be made or constituted for the Execution of any Office than had * been employed in the Execution of such refpeblive Office at fome

< Time,

A.D.iS

C.'ZOy 21.

347

07.	470	GEO.	III.	Sen:	2.

f Time, before the First Day of the said then Parliament; And

*	Whereas the Union of Great Britain and Ireland has rendered ne-f ceflary a constant Intercourse and Communication between the Lords

*	Commiflioners of the Treasury in England and Ireland refpeblively,

€ and great Advantage would be derived to the rublic Service if the ‘ Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland, for the. Time being,

■c were allowed to fit and act as a Lord Commissioner of His Majesty ?s f Treasury in England p May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enabled; and be it enabled by the King’s most Excellent. Majesty, .by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament a {Tumbled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and alter the pafiing of this Act, it ft all be lawful for Pi is Majesty to, nominate and appoint the Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland, for the Time being, to be One of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury in England, and to fit and act as such with and in Addition to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, in England, without having, receiving, or being entitled to any Salary or Pro lit for the Execution of the said Office of One of the Lords Commif-iioners of the Treasury in England; any Thing in the said recited Add of Parliament of her Majesty Queen Anne contained, to the co n t rary no tw i th ft an din g.

II.	And be it further enabled, That the Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland, when so nominated and appointed a Lord Com-miflioner of the Treasury in England, ft Mi be, and he is hereby invested with all such and the like Powers, Authorities, and Privileges, as now are or may hereafter be poflefied, ufed-, or exercised by any other Commissioner of PI is Majesty’s Treasury, under any Adi or Adis of Parliament, or Law or Laws,

III.	And be it enabled and declared. That the said Appointment of the Chancellor of the Exchequer of Irelan d to be a Lord Commissioner of the Treasury in England, shall not be deemed or taken to be an Appointment to a new Office or Place of Profit under the Crown ; and that the Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland for the Time being, so being One of the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, shall not thereby be disabled from fitting or voting as a Member of the ploufe of Commons, nor stall he thereby be rendered incapable of being elected a Member of the House of Commons, nor shall the Appointment of such Chancellor of the Exchequer to be such Lord Commissioner, make void his Eleblion, nor stall any new Writ issue for a new Election in consequence of the Acceptance of such Appointment, any Thing in the said recited Aft, or any other Adi, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXL

An Act .to continue, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and feventeen, an Aft, puffed in Ireland in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of His prefen t Majesty, reflecting certain Annuities, [i ft Augujl 1807.J

u Irtjh Adi, 13 & 14 G. 3. c. 7. (laft continued by 46G. 3. c. 120. §7») further continued until Sept. 29, 1817,

CAP,

His M qert'y m iy appoint the Chancel lor of the Exchequer of Ireland to he a Lord of the Treasury in England, without Saiaiy.

He shall he inverted with the like. Powers as the other Lords,

Such Appointment shall not be deemed a Plaee of Profit, &c.

34«	C.	32j	33.	470	GEO.	III.	Self.	a.	A.D.	1807.

CAP, XXII.

An A<d to continue, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and feventeen, an Ad, palled in Ireland in the Thirty-fixth Year of hi is present Majesty,. for-the Improvement and Extension of the Fisheries on the . Coalls of Ireland.	[	I It Auguji 1807.]

u Jrijh Ad, 36 G. 3. c. ^2. (laft continued by 46 Gt 3. r.i20c § 7.) “ further continued until Sept. 29, 1817.

CAP. XXIII.

An Ad to amend an Ad, palfed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majclty, for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds for building Glebe Houses in Ireland.	[ ill Auguji j 807.]

^ £	c	PEREAS by an Ad, palfed in the Forty-third Year of the

( v V Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting

*	to His Ida]Ay the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, for building Glebe 4 Hcifes i?i Ireland, it is enacted; that by or out of such Monies as c shall at any Time or Times be or remain in the Receipt of the Ex-4 chequer of Ireland of the Consolidated Fund, there shall and may ‘ be ilsued, by the Order of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief

*	Governor or Governors of Ireland, as he or they shall think fit ‘ from Time to Time, free of Interefi, any Sum or Sums of Money,

*	not exceeding Fifty thousand Pounds Irish Currency, to the Trufiees i and Commiiiioners of the First Fruits in Ireland, to be by the said i Trufiees and Commilfioners advanced on Loan to Incumbents of

*	Parilhes or Benefices in Ireland, in such Manner, and according to £ such Directions, and subject to.such Provisions as are contained in an

43 G. 3. c. ic6. 4 Ad, passed in the same Year, intituled, -An Ad to enable the Com-6 mijjtoners of First Fruits in Ireland to lend certain Sums of Money 6 (Interejl free) to Incumbents of Benefices the/ efor the P rpofe of enabling

*	them to ered and purchase Glebe licujes and Offices convenient for their 4 Residence; and to purchase Glebe Lands ft and convenient for the 4 Erection cf such Houses and Offices ; and to make Provifon for the

*	Repayment of all Loans so to be made by the said Commtjf oners; and

*	that all such Sum or Sums of Money as lliouldbe so ilsued, should

*	be advanced to the said Trufiees and Commiiiioners upon such Se-

*	curities, and should be repayable into His Majesty’s Exchequer iu

*	fuch Proportions, and at such Times, and in such Manner, as the *• Lord High Treasurer or the Commilfioners of the Treasury of

*	Ireland, or any Three or more of them, for the Time being, with

*	the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor

*	or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, should direct and ap-4 point: And Whereas no Part of the said Sum of Fifty thousand

So much of ‘ Pounds has been since ilsued: And Whereas it is expedient to amend 43 G. 3. c. 158. c the said first recited Ad May it therefore pleale Your Majesty as diredtsrhc	that it may be enacted ; and be	it enacted by the King’s rnoft Ex-

Maimer and	cellcnt Majesty, by and with the	Advice and Consent of the Lords

iiTui'ng 0/S ^ Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament poooL	alfemblec, and by the Authority	of the same, That so much of the

1	cycled.	faid Ad as directs the Manner of	ilfuing the said Sum of Fifty thou-

9	fand

349

A.D.1807.	47°	GEO. III. Self.2.	0.23,54.

fand Pounds, and the Conditions of advancing the same, shall be and the same is and are hereby repealed.

II.	And be it further enabled, That so often as the said Trufrees and Commissioners of the First Fruits in Ireland, shall certify by Writing under their Common Seal, to the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer, that they the said Commissioners and Trufrees have taken any Security pursuant to the Provisions of the said secondly recited Acf, fpecify-ing the Amount thereof, for the Building and Eredlion or the Pur-chafe of a Glebe House and Offices, or for the Purchase of Glebe Lands fit and convenient for the Erection of such House and Offices, and shall fend with such Certificate an attefred Copy of such Security, together with a Statement of the Sum which they the said Commissioners and Trufrees require to be advanced on account thereof; it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer, orTor the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer, to advance and pay to the said Trufrees and Commissioners of the First: Fruits, out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, the nett Sum contained and specified in such Certificate and Statement as necessary for the aforesaid Purpose, without any further or other Warrant or Authority whatioever to be had in that Behalf: Provided always, that the Money so advanced by the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer, shall not in the Whole amount at any Time to more than the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds.

III.	And be it further enacted, That the said Trufrees and Commissioners of the First Fruits, at the End and Expiration of Six Months, after they shall have received the Whole of any Sum, for the Re-payment of which they shall have taken such Security as aforesaid, shall repay into His Majefry’s Treasury of Ireland, the whole Amount of such Sum so advanced to the said Trufrees and Commissioners, on their Certificate of such Security having been taken ; and that if the said Trufrees and Commissioners shall deem it advifeable and expedient to apply the Amount of such Money so repaid, in further Execution of the Purposes enacted in the said secondly recited Aclof the Forty-third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer, to advance and pay to the said Commissioners and Trufrees, the Whole or any Part of the Sum or Sums so repaid, on like Certificate and Copy of the Security, and in like Manner as is herein-before enabled ; and io from Time to Time as often as any Sum or Sums lhali b? 10 repaid, so long as any Part of the said S.m of Fifty thousand Pounds, or of any Re-payment made 01 account thereof, shall remain and be unapplied by the said Commissioners and Trustees to the Purposes of the said recited Adis, and this present Adi.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act to explain and amend an Aft, palled in the Thirty-

ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majeffcy, concerning

the Disposition of certain Real and Personal Property of His Majesty, His Heirs and SuccelTors, and also of the Ileal and

Petfonal

Irish Treasury, on Certificate of Trustees and Comrr.iflioners of First Fruits ira Ireland, empowered to advance Money for Gli be-Houses, &c.

Money so advanced (hal? be repaid by rhe-Truftccs to the Treasury, and may be from Time to Time applied in further Execution of the Purposes of 43 G. 3. c. 106.

CO

47° GEO. III. Seff.2.

50	C.	24.

A.D.1807.

Personal Property of Her Majesty, and of the Queen Confort for the Time being.	[lib August J 807.]

4 JHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth and For-4 v tieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, 39, 40 G. 3.	6 -din -dtl concerning the Difpojition of certain Real and Personal Property

c.SS. § i z.	4 of His Majesty, ITts Heirs and Succcffhrs, and also of the Real and

4 Personal Property of Her Majesty, and of the Queen Confort for the c Time being, it was among other Things recited, that divers Lands, c Tenements, and Hereditaments, had become and might thereafter 4 become veiled in His Majesty, His Heirs and Succefjors, by Escheat 4 or othenvise, in Right of the Crown, which, in the Hands of any of 4 His Maj city’s Subjects, would be chargeable with certain Trulls, or 4 applicable to certain Purposes, and His Majesty, His Heirs or 4 Succeftbrs, might be deiirous than the same fhoald be applied ac-4 cordingly, notwithltanding an)^ Right which He or they might 4 have to hold the same' discharged from such Trulls, or without 4 applying the same to such Purposes; but that, by reason of the 4 Provilions contained in the A61s of the First Year of Her said late 4 Majesty Queen Hnrie, and the Thirty-fourth Year of His present 4 Majesty’s Reign, Doubts might be railed whether His Majesty,

4 His Heirs or Succeftbrs, could direct such Application thereof; and 4 that divers Land;., Tenements, and Hereditaments, as well Free-4 hold as Copyhold, had efeheated and might escheat to His Majesty,

4 His Heirs or Succeftbrs, for Want of Heirs of the Persons last 4 seised thereof c r entitled thereto, or by reason of some Forfeiture 4 or othenvise, although not iorfeited forTreafon or Felony; and 4 that it was expedient to enable His Majesty to dire61 the Execution 4 of any such Trulls or Purposes as. aforesaid, and to make any 4 Grants of any such Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

4 as aforesaid, notwithltanding the Provilions contained in the said 4 recited Acts ; and it was therefore, in and by the said last recited 4 Act, ena6ted, That it should be lawful for His Majesty, Pi is Heirs 4 and Succeftbrs, by Warrant under Lis or their Sign Manual, to 4 direct the Execution of any Trusts or Purposes to which any Manors, 4 Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which had ef-4 cheated or should escheat to His Majesty, His Heirs or Succeftbrs, 4 should have been liable at the Time the same so efeheated refpedfively, 4 or would have been liable in the Hands of any of His Majesty’s 4 Subje6ts; and to make any Grants of such Manors, Lands, Tene-4 ments, and Hereditaments respectively, to any Trultee orTruftees 4 or othenvise, for the Execution of such Trusts, and to make any 4 Grants of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which had 4 efeheated or should escheat as aforesaid to any Person or Persons, 4 either for the Purpose of restoring the same to any of the Family 4 of the Person or Persons whose Estates the same had been, or of 4 rewarding any Persons or Person making Discovery of any such 4 Escheat, as to Plis Majesty, His Pleirs or Succeftbrs respectively, 4 should seem fit: And Whereas Doubts have arisen whether the 4 Powers given by the said lall recited Act extend to Manors, Mef-4 fuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which have or may 4 come to His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeftbrs, in Right of His 4 Duchy of Lancafiery or by reason that the same had been purchased 4 by or for the Use of, or in trull for any Alien or Aliens, and whe~

3	4	they

A.D. 1807.	470 GEO. Ill, SeiT. 2	C.24, 25.	351

‘ tlier the same extend to enable His Majesty to grant any Rents or c Arrears of Rent accrued or become due in respect of any Manors,

* Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, before any Grant i thereof under the said Act: And it is expedient that fitch Doubts f should be removedbe it therefore enacted by the King’s moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in all Cases in His Majesty, which His Majesty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, hath or shall, in right His Heirs and of His Crown or of His Duchy of Lcincafler, become entitled to any SuccefTors om-Freehold or Copyhold Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or ShTdolo0 Hereditaments, either by Escheat for want of Heirs, or by reason of Execution of any Forfeiture, or by reason that the same had been purchased by -or any’Trusts to for the Use of or in trust for any Alien or Aliens, it shall be lawful which Lands for His Majesty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, by Warrant under His 'le.lted in by or their Sign Manual, or under the Seal of the Duchy or County	them

Palatine of Lancaster, according to the Nature of the Title to such Crown, or (he Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments refpedl- Duchy of ively, to direct the Execution of any Trusts or Purposes to which L tneaster,) the same may have been directed to be applied, and to make Grants	l^et^ec*

of such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenement*, or Hereditaments, rcftoj^ such or of any Rents or Profits then clue and in Arrear to His Majesty in L sneis, or reward respect thereof refpe6lively, to any Trustee orTruftees, or otherwise, Discoverers. for the Execution of any such Trulls or Purposes, or to any Person or Persons for the Pnrpofe of restoring the lame to any of the Family of the Person or Persons whose Edates the same had been, or of carrying into Effect any intended GraRt, Conveyance, or Devise of any such Person or Persons in relation thereto, or of rewarding any Person or Persons making Discovery of any such Escheat, or of His Majesty’s Right and Title thereto, as to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors respectively, shall Teem fit; any Thing in the said recited Adis, or any other Adi heretofore made, to the contrary notwith-ilanding.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for the more convenient Payment of Half Pay and Pen-fions, and other Allowances to Officers and Widows of Officers, and to Persons upon the Compassionate Lift.

[1 ft Auguji 1807.]

*	W^HEREAS an Adi was puffed in the Forty*sixth Year of the	y

V V pveign of His present Majesty, intituled. An Act for making 4^ G. 3. c. 69.

*	better Provision for Soldiers : And Whereas it would greatly tend ‘ to the Comfort and Accommodation of Officers who have served in

*	any of His Majesty’s Foroes, and Widows of Officers of the Army c entitled to Pensions; and also to Persons receiving any Sums of c Money on the Compassionate Lift; and also of all other Persons f receiving any Pension or Allowance under the Controul, Direction,

*	o-rjManagement of the Secretary at War, by reason cf having served c in Plis Majesty’s Army, or in any of His Foroes, or in any Forces V which have been engaged in His Majesty’s Service, if all such Pay-*■ ments were made to such Persons in the Pari flies or Places of their ‘ Reftdence, or as near thereto as may be, in like Manner as Pensions

*	and Allowances are paid to Persons who have served in His Majesty’s

* Navy;

Secretary at War, See. may o clcr the Pay, Pui-fior.s. Sec. dae to Office;s and Widows to i e paid at their Places of Residence, &c. under Powers of 46 G. 3. c. 69.

Secretary at War, &c. may make Rules and Regulations for the Payment of Pay, Petitions, Sec. revocable by Iiis Majesty.

B'itifli or Irish Treasury may direct such Pay, Pensions, & c.

10 be paid by the RcceiverGcnera J of the Land Tax, «Scc.

C.	470	GEO.	III..	Sefll	3.	A,D.	1807.

* Navy; and that for that Purpose the Powers of the said recited Aft 4 should be extended to all such. Perlons as far as the same are appli-4 cable, and that the Secretary at War, and Paymaiters General of 4 His Majesty’s Forces for the Time being should be authorized and 4 empowered from Time to Time to make hules and Regulations for 4 that PurpofeMay it therefore pleale Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s mo ft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and Even, it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War and Paymasters General of His Majesty’s Forces for the Time being, to order and dire ft that all such Pay, Pensions, and Allowances, 10 which any Officers or Perlons who have served in any of His Majesty’s Foroes, or in any Forces which have been heretofore or may hereafter be engaged in His Majesty’s Service, or any Widows of any such Officers or any Person receiving any Allowance orPenlion on the Compaifionate Lift, or any Pension, Allowance, or Relief in respect of any Military Service, shall be paid such Pay, Pension, Allowance, or Relief, at or near to the Parishes or Places of their Reiidence in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions,, or in foreign Parts, by any Person appointed by the Secretary at War or Pay maiters General of His Majesty’s Forces to pay the same, under inch Rules and Regulations, and upon such Certificates, Vouchers, or Receipts as may from Time to Time at any Ti ne be eitablifhed by the Commissioners of Chelsea Ho Hit a!, under the Authority of the said recited Aft, as far as the same are or can be made applicable, or under luck Restrictions, or other or further Regulations as may be eitablifhed by the Secretary at War and Paymasters General of His Majesty’s Forces for the Time being from Time to Time for that Purpose.

IX. And be it further enacted. That it shall atfo be lawful for the Secretary at War and fiaymafters General for the Time being to make such Orders, Rules, and Regulations, and from Time to Time to alter the same in relation to the Payment of any inch Pay, Pensions, Allowances, or Relief to any such Perions so entitled thereto as aforesaid ; and also as to any Certificates, Vouchers, Receipts, or Orders for the better regulating, managing, and making such Payments, and to require such Proofs and Affidavits relating thereto as may be requisite for the ordering and securing the Payment of such Pay, Pensions, Allowances, c.nd Relief: Provided always, that every such Order, or Regulation may, from Time to Time be revoked or altered by any Warrant, Order, or Instruction under Plis Majesty'*s Royal Sign Manual.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, or any Three or more of them, to order and direct that any such Pay, Pensions, Allowances, and Relief, io due as aforesaid, for the Payment whereof Money shall have been voted by Parliament, shall be paid by any Receiver General of the Land Tax, or Collector of the Cess in Scotland, or any Collector of Duties oi Customs or Excise, or any Collector of the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, out of any Pub.ick

Money

Hosted by

353

A.D.1807.	47° GEO. III. SelT.2.	C.25.

Money in their Hands refpediively ; and that the Vouchers and Receipts for the Payments of such Money shall be taken as Cash in the Accounts and in Part of the Duties collected .by such Receivers General or Collectors respectively; and ail such Sums of Money so advanced under any such Rule or Regulation for any such Payment, shall be repaid to the Account of the Duties out of which the same shall have been paid, in such Manner as the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, or any Three or more of them shall direct.

IV.	And be it further enacted. That all Alignments, Bargains, All Alignments Sales, Orders, Contracts, Agreements, or Securities whatioever, which of such P;>v, shall be given or made by any Person entitled to any inch Pay, Pension, Pcyfionsj &c* Allowance, or Relief as afore (aid, for, upon, or in respect of any such v0^‘

his Pav, Pension, Allowance or Relief, shall be absolutely null and void to all Intents and Purpoies.

V.	And be it further enacted, That all and every such Sum or Sums pay, Petitions, of Money to be paid under the Proviiions of this Act shall be fully &e. shall be paid and completely paid to the Person in whole Favour they shall so w*thout respectively be drawn or made payable,'without any Deduction or pe u. rlonj Abatement, or any Fee or Reward whatever, under any Pretence whatioever, although Part thereof may be in Fractions of the fmallelt Denomination; and every Person detaining or withholding any Part

thereof under Pretence or former Privilege or Usage of Office, or upon or under any Pretence whatsoever, or taking any Fee or Reward for any such Payment, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds; to be recovered with Treble Coils of Suit, by any Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of HisMajetfcy’s Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Effoign,Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance Iliad be allowed ;

One Half of which shall go to the Person injured, and the other Half to the Perion who shall sue for the same.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That no Order, Bill, Remittance Orders,

Bill or Certificate, that shall be made or drawn under the Authority Receipts, See, of the Powers by this A CP given, shall be subject or liable to or under this Act charged or chargeable with any Stamp Duty to which Bills of Ex- stara^Dui"1"011*' change are by Law subject and liable, or any Stamp Duty what so ever ; am^ U nor shall any Person or Peifons receiving Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money drawn for, mentioned, or specified in any such Orders,

Bills, or Certificates, be bound or obliged to give a Stamp Receipt for the same ; but a Receipt or Acknowledgement of Payment indorsed on such Order, Bill, or Certificate, fin all be held, deemed, and taken as a sufficient Release and Discharge for the same in all Cases and Courts whatsoever.

VII.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing Punifoment for of this Adi, if any Person shall wilfully and knowingly personate or personating falsely assume the Name or Character of, or procure any other Person P^tons entitled to personate or falsely to assume the Name or Character of any other pefo^and Person entitled or supposed to be entitled to any such Pay, Pension, Tranfpoi-tauoi*. Allowance, or Relief as aforesaid, in order to receive the same or any

Part thereof, every such Person so offending, and being lawfully con-vidted thereof, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and may be tran-fported for such Period, not exceeding Fourteen Years, as the Court jfhall adjudge.

47 Geo. III.	- A a	VIII. Ani

354

The like Punifti-me-'t for forging or counterfeiting the N.imes, &c. Of ?u tons entitled to fay,. &c.

Juslices,&c.may enquire on Oath into the Truth of Certificates, &c.

Penalty of Perjury on false Oaths.

C.25,26.	4fGEO. III. Seff.it.	A.D. 1807.

VIII.	And be it farther enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act or assist in forging and counterfeiting the Name or Hand Writing of any Person entitled to any such Pay, Pension, Allowance, or Relief, or of any Person or Persons required by any Rules or Regulations made under and by virtue of this A 61 to sign any Certificate, Voucher* or Receipt in relation to the Payment of any such Pay, Pension, Allowance, or Relief, for and in older to the receiving or obtaining any Money on any such Pension, Allowance, or Relief, or shall utter any such, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, with an Intention to defraud any Person whatsoever, every such Person so offending being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be and is hereby declared and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and maybe transported for such. Period, not exceeding Fourteen Years, as the Court shall adjudge,

IX.	And be it further enabled, That it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate or any Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Cess in Scotland, Colledlor of the Cuftoma or Colledlor of Excise, to enquire into the Truth of any Certificate or Voucher required by any such Rules or Regulations, and produced to him by any Person claiming- any such Pay, Pension, Allowance, or Relief under any such Certificate or Voucher or any Person acting for him by the Oath or Affirmation of the Person producing the same, which Oath or Affirmation any such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate or Receiver General or Collector aforesaid is hereby authorized and required to administer, and upon being fatishedof the Truth of such Certificate or Voucher to testify the same on the Back of such Certificate or Voucher ; and every Person who shall in any such Oath or Affirmation wilfully and corruptly swear or affirm any Matter or Thing which shall be false or untrue, every such Person so offending and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be and is hereby declared to-be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as any Person convicted of Perjury is by any Law now in force subject and liable to.

“ Orders, Certificates, &c. exempt from Stamp /Duty. § 10.— ** As § 11 of 46 G. 3. c. 69 : and fee § 6 of this present A3.

CAP. XXVI.

An AH for defraying, until the Twenty-nfth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland; for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals* and Drummers, for Offences committed during the Time such Militia shall not be embodied ; and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace.	[ift	Augujl	1807.]

[See 43 G. 3. c. 88. to which this AB isJimliar, mutatis mutandis*]

CAP.

Hosted by

A.D. i8oyA

47° GEO. III. Self. 2.

C 27, 28,

3*5

CAP. XXVII.

An Act to authorize His Majesty to permit the Importation of Naval Stores from any Place in Ships belonging to States in Amity with His Majesty, and navigated in any Manner whatever.	[ift	Augujl 1807.]

*	\X7^EREAS by an Aft, made in the Twelfth Year of the

<	VV Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An A3 for the 4 encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation, all Sorts of

*	Marts, Timber, and Boards, Pitch, Tar, Rofm, Hemp, and Flax, 4 are required to be imported into the Kingdom of Great Britain in f British Ships, or in Ships' the Built of the Country or Place in

<	Europe of which the Articles respectively are the Growth, Produc-4 tion, or Manufacture, or of the Built of the usual Port of Ship-c ping ; and by another Aft, made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth 4 Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An A3

*	.for preventing Frauds and regulating Ahufes in His Majesty's Cvfloras 9 4 no Sort of Pitch, Tar, Rosin, Deal Boards, Fir, or Timber, are

*	allowed to be imported from the Netherlands or Germany, upon 4 any Pretence whatever : And Whereas it is expedient to permit the 4 Importation of the said Articles from any Port or Place what-4 ever, in any Ship or Velfel belonging to any Kingdom or State in 4 Amity with His Majesty be it therefore enacted by the King’s moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, by Order in Council, to grant Licences from Time to Time, when and as often as the same shall be judged expedient, to permit, from and after the palling of this Aft, any Sort of Masts, Timber or Boards, Pitch, Tar, F.olin, Hemp, or Flax, as shall be specified in any such Order in Council, to be imported from any Country or Place whatever, .in any Ship or Velfel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty,' His Heirs and Succelfors, navigated in any Manner whatever; any Thing in the said Acts, made and passed in the Twelfth and the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, or either of them, or in any other Aft or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary notVrithftanding.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to ilfue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britainy for the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven.	[ill	Augujl 1807.]

41 Treasury may ilfue Exchequer Bills, agreeably to those ilfued under “ Malt Aft, 47 G.3. Self. 1. c. 3. § 1,2,5.—Intereft not exceeding iC 3 2^ Per Cent. per Diem : Bills may be received for Taxes after Four <c Months from the Date, § 3, 4.—Bank authorized to advance “ 6,ooo,oool. under this Aft, § 6.

£In the same Form as 41 G. 5. ( U. K,) c. 4.]

A a 2	CAP.

12 Caf.2. c. 18.

13 & 14 Car. 2. c. it.

His Majesty empowered by Older inCouncif, to grant Licences for permitting Naval Stores to ,he imported from any Place in Amity witu Him.

A.D. 1807.

356

C.

:9> 3r-

470 GEO. III. Self. 2.

Recital of 43 G. 3. c. 69. aad 45 G. 3. . c. i jl. impefiog Dude* on Sail.

45 G* 3- c- *4*

CAP. XXIX.

An AS for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven.	[ill	Auguft i 807.]

[In all ref pc 3 s the same as 46 G. 3. c. 19 ; mutatis mutandis.]

CAP. XXX.

An AS to amend several Laws of Excise in Great Britain, relating to the Duties on .Salt, Sope, Paper, Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Spirits, and Glass ; and for restoring Seizures in certain Cases.	[ 1 ft Augujl 1807.3*

WHEREAS by an AS made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An A3 to repeal ‘ the Duties of Excise pay able in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties 4 in lieu thereof \ a Duty of Ten Shillings is imposed for every Bushel 4 of Salt and Rock Salt made at any Salt Work, or railed or taken 4 out of any Salt Mine or Salt Pit in that Part of Great Britain called 4 England; and a Duty of Four Shillings is by the said AS also < imposed for every Bushel of Salt or Rock Salt that shall be made at 4 any Salt Work, or raised or taken out of any Salt Mine or Sait Pit 4 in Scotland; and by the said AS an Allowance is direSed to be 4 made of Ten Shillings for every Bushel of Salt of Engli/Jo Manufac-‘ lure, tiled, emploved, spent, and consumed by any Bleacher of Linen 4 or Cotton in that Part of Great Britain called England, in the mak-* ing of Oxigenated Muriatic Acid for the foie Purpose of bleaching 4 Linen or Cotton, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quan-4 tity, deduSingat the Rate of Seven and a Halfy>rr Centum in con-4 sequence of the Increase in the Weight of-the Salt by the Moisture 4 of the Air ; and an Allowance of Four Shillings is by the said AS 4 also direSed to be made for every Bushel of Salt used, emploved,

4 spent, and consumed by any Bleacher of Linen or Cotton in that 4 Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in the making of Oxigenated 4 Muriatic Acid for the foie Purpose of bleaching Linen or Cotton* 4 and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, deduSing at 4 the Rate of Seven and a Half per Centum in consequence of the 4 Increase in the Weight of the Salt by the Moillure of the Air : And 4 Whereas by another AS made in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign 4 of His said Majesty, intituled, An A3 for granting additional Duties 4 on Salt in Great Britain, an additional Duty of Five Shillings is 4 imposed for and upon every Bushel of Salt or Rock Salt, made at 4 any Salt Work, or raised or taken out of any Salt Mine or Salt Pit 4 ia England, and weighed, taken, or delivered for Home Confump-4 tion i and a Duty of Two Shillings is also by the said AS imposed 4 for and upon every Bushel of Salt or Rock Salt, made at any Salt 4 Work, or raised or taken out of any Salt Mine or Salt Pit in 4 Scotland.. and weighed, taken, or delivered for Home Consumption : 4 And Whereas it is expedient to make such further Allowances as 4 are he rein-after mentioned, for and in refpeS of such Salt as fhal'l be 4 used, emploved, spent, and consumed in Manner herein-after men-c no ed be it therefore enaSed by the King’s most Excellent Ma-jeity, bv and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

~	and

Hosted by

357

A.0.1807.	470 GEO. III. SefT. 2*	C.	30-.

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Tenth Further I3ay of October One thousand eight hundred and seven, there dial] be ^owrancc ^n made and allowed out of the Duties imposed by the Paid lad mentioned jg;takers Ad, a further Allowance of Five Shillings for every BuGel of vSalt niakin^ Oxig-e-of Englijld Manufacture, which Gall, on or after the Tenth Day of narcd Muriatie October One thousand eight hundred and seven, he used, employed-, Aw;d. spent, and con fumed by any Bleacher of Linen or Cotton in that Part of Great Britain called England? in the making of Oxigenated Muriatic Acid for the foie Purpose of bleaching Linen or Cotton, and so in Proportion for any greater or lei's Quantity, deducting at -the Rate of “Seven and a Half per Centum in consequence of the Increaie in the Weight of the Salt by the Moisture of the Air; and a further Allowance of Two Shillings for every BuGel of Salt which shall, on or after the Tenth Lay of October One thousand eight hundred and seven, be used, emploved, spent, and consumed by any Bleacher of Linen or Cotton in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in the making of Oxigenated Muriatic Acid Hr the foie Purpose of bleaching Linen or Cotton, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, deducting at the Rate of Seven and a Half per Centum, in consequence of the Increase in the Weight of the Salt by the Moisture of the Air ; iuch several further Allowances of Five Shillings and Two Shillings per Bushel refpeTively, to be made and allowed in like Manner, and under the like Provisions and ReitriTions, as the Allowances refpeTively find herein-before mentioned are directed to be allowed for or upon Salt used by any Bleacher of Linen or Cotton in the making of Oxigenated Muriatic Acid, by any Act or A As of Parliament in force immediately before the palling of this Act, relating to the Duties of Excise upon Salt.

II. 4 And Whereas, by an AT made in the Forty-third Year of 4 the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled. An A8 to repeal the 43 0. 3 c. 69,

4 Duties of Excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant' other Duties 4 in lieu thereof a Duty of Ten Shillings was imposed for every Bushel 4 of all Salts known or called by the Name of Glauber or Epsom Salts 4 which fhonld be made or produced in Great Britain 1 And Whereas,

4 by another AT made in the Forty-fifth A ear of His laid Majesty*s 4 Reign, intituled, An 88 for granting additional Duties on Salt in Great 45 G 3. c. 14.

4 Britain, an additional Duty of Five Shillings was imposed for and 4 upon every Bushel of all Salt known or called by the Name of Glauber 4 Salt or Epsom Salt, which, on or after the Twenty second Day of 4 February One thousand eight hundred and live, Gould have been 4 or Gould be mace or produced in Great Britain : And Whereas 4 Doubts have arisen whether the said Duty and additional Duty 4 refpeTively are chargeable or charged for and upon Glauber Salt 4 and Epsom Salt refpeTively, made or to be made in Great Britain f Now, to obviate and remove all inch Doubts, be it therefore enaTed,

That the said Duty and additional Duty refpeTively were by the said Duty impofed-ATs intended to be chargeable and charged, and are by the said ATs by recited aAs, chargeable and charged for an<i upon all Glauber Salt and for and upon ^ali be all Epsom Salt refpeTively, made -or produced, or to be made or GbSf produced in Great Britain : And that all and singular the Rules, an<j £pforn Salts Regulations, ReflriTions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures, tefpedtiveiy, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which are contained, provided, settled,

©r eftabliGed in or by an AT made in the Thirty-eighth Year oP

A a 3	the

35 S

!0.

47° GEO. III. Seff.

A.D. 1807

Regulations of 3K G. c. 89. ^ppl’ed to Glauber Salt and Epsom Salt refpciiiivcly.

M 'flers of VeiFels (h.sll throw over board b.ill (kHroy foul ui,d having been ucd for curing < r preforming I'Toviiions, See.

Penalty iool.

OfB<?er,&c. may dtltr^y Sait.

Foul Salt clancleftineJy landed lorfcited.

the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled. An Act for transferring the Management of the Salt Duties to the GommifJioners of Excise, and for repealing the Duties on Salty and the Drawbacks, Allowances, and; Bounties paid thereout y andfor granting other Duties , Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties thereon, and in force immediately before the palling: of this Aft, or which are contained, provided, settled, or established in or by any Aft or Acts of Parliament mentioned or referred to in or by the said Aft made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, or in or by any other Aft or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the palling of this Aft, relating to the' Duties of Excise on Salt, are contained, provided, settled, or eftay blished, for managing, railing, levying, collesting, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining, the Duties on Salt thereby granted, shall be practised, used, and put in Execution, in and for the managing, raifmg, levying, collesting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the said Duties for Glauber Salt and for Epsom Salt respectively, made or produced, or to be made or produced in Great Britain, and for preventing, detesting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if all and every the said Rules, Regulations, Reftiiftions, Proviftons, Fines, Penalties, For-* feitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enafted in this present Aft.

Ill, 4 And Whereas large Quantities. op Salt employed for the * paeking, curing, or preserving of Provisions, Hides, Skins, and other 4 Articles imported into Great Britain, are landed and used to the great 4 Injury of His Majesty’s Revenue be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and seven, the Mailer or Person having the Charge or Command of any Ship or Velfei coming into any Port or Place in Great Britain, and having on board any halted Provisions other than for the Sustenance of the Seamen then belonging to and on board such Ship or Vessel, or any Hides, Skins, or other Articles, in the paeking, curing, or preserving of which any Salt is or shall have been emploved, /hall, and is hereby required before the unloading and landing of such Provisions, Hides, Skins, or other Articles respectively, to. throw or cause to be thrown overboard and destroyed, in the Presence of the proper Officer of Customs or Excise, all the Salt which /hall then be or ffiall have been employed in thepaeking, curing, or preserving of such Provisions, Elides, Skins, or other Articles, and all other loose or foul Salt which shall fall off from cr be in or about such Provisions, Hides, Skins, or other Articles; and if any such Master or other Person /hall neglect or refuse to throw or cause to be thrown overboard and destroyed, all such Salt as afereiaid, such Master or other Person so neglecting or refilling shall, for every such Neglect or Refusal, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds ; and it /hall and may be lawful to and. for the proper Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise, by himself or thernselyes, or with such Assistance as may be necessary, to throw all and every Part of such Salt as aforeiaid overboard, and destroy the same.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all foul or other Salt which ffiall have been employed in the paeking, curing, or preserving, or ffiall have f- lien off from, or been in or about any such Provilions, Hides, Skins, or other Articles, and which {hallbe unshipped, landed, or delivered from op out of any hhip, Vessel, or Boat, contrary to

the

Hosted by

359

A.D.1807.	47° GEO. III. Sefllz.	C. 30;

the true Intent and Meaning of this Aft, shall be forfeited or loft, together with the Packages containing the same, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise ; and if any Person or Persons shall unship, land, or deliver, or cause or procure to be unshipped, landed, or delivered, or be aiding or assisting in the unffiipping, landing, or delivering from or out of any Ship, VefTel, or Boat, any such S?dt as aforesaid, or shall hide or conceal, or cause or procure to be hidden or concealed, any such Salt so unshipped, landed, or delivered as aforesaid, or shall receive into his, her, or their Hands, Custody, orPofsession, any such Salt so unshipped, landed, or Penalty on delivered as aforesaid, he, file, or they, knowing the same to have been unlhipping or so unshipped, landed, or delivered as aforesaid; such Person or Per- hndmgthefame, fons, and each and every of them, shall, for each and every such &c‘looi* Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

V. ‘ And Whereas it is expedient that the Duty of Excise now Sixpence of the

*	payable on Salted Beef, Pork, or Bacon, brought by Land from Duty of 2s.

< Scotland to England, ffiould be reduced;* be it therefore enacted, That Per

from and after the Tenth Day of 0Sober One thousand eight hundred ^ *n faired and seven, Sixpence of the Duty of Excise of Two Shillings and pr0v]fions from Sixpence for every Hundred Weight of Salted Beef or Pork, or of Sc >tland Bacon, brought by Land from Scotland to England, granted by an repealed.

Aft made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An A8 to repeal the Duties of Excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof \ shall cease and determine.

V l. i And Whereas by an Aft made in the Tenth Year of the 10 Ann, c. 19.

*	Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, among other Things, for §

*	laying several Duties upon Sope made in Great Britain, it is enacted,

*	That if any Maker of Sope shall erect, fet up, alter, enlarge, or c make use of any Boilinghouse, Workhouse, Warehouse. Storehouse,

( Shop, Room, or other Place for the making or keeping of Sope, or

*	for the boiling or keeping any Oil, Tallow, Pot Ash, Lime, or other

* Materials proper to be made into Sope, or shall use any Copper,

* Kettle, Furnace, Fat, Cittern, Trough, or other VefTel, for the

*	boiling or making of Sope, without first giving such Notice thereof,

*	as in the said A<51 is mentioned, contrary to the true Meaning of 4 the said Aft, then and in every such Case the Offender therein, for ‘ every such Offence, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds :

*	And Whereas the said Penalty has, by Experience, been found inef-‘ feftual and inefficient to prevent or restrain the privately making

*	Sope, and it is therefore expedient to increase such Penalty be

it therefore enacted, That if any Maker or Makers of Sope shall, from Penalty on and after the Tenth Day of Oflober One thousand eight hundred privately making and seven, erect, fet up, alter, enlarge, or make use of any Boiling- S°Pe> 200I. house, Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse, Shop, Room, or other Place, for the making or keeping of Sope, or for the boiling or keeping any Oil, Tallow* PotAfh, Lime, or other Materials, proper to be made into Sope, or shall use any Cooper, Kettle, Furnace, Fat,

Cistern, Trough, or other VefTel, for tire boiling or making of Sope,

without giving such Notice thereof as aforesaid, then and in'every such

Case the Offender therein, for every such Offence, shall forfeit and

lofe the Sum of Two hundred Pounds : Provided always neverthelefa, instead of 50I.

that no Person or Persons who shall be prosecuted for the said Penalty uncler recited

of Two hundred Pounds shall be liable to be prosecuted for the same

rOffence for the said recited Penalty of Fifty Pounds; any Thing

A a 4	herein-

.360

Penalty on

JVrfon.s ?,{lifting in m:>k ing iopc pi«vateiy.

iFirft OtTcnceco).

Officers rnny arreti and cany the n before a Jnil ice, who -may convidt and commit.

Second Offence 401. or Four Months Imprisonment.

C.30.	47°	GEO. III. Seff. 2.	A.D. 1807.

herein-before or in any other Act or ACls of Parliament contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. And in order to deter Perions from shifting in the private and fraudulent making of Sope in unentered Places, be it further enabled. That from and after the Tenth Dav of October One thousand eight hundred and Even, when any Oflicer or Office rs of Excise shall discover that the making; of Sope is carried on in any Boilinghouse, Workhouse, Storehouie, Warehouse, Shop, Room, or ether Place, whereof no Notice in Writing shall have been given at the Office for the D it tics on dope next to the Place wnere inch Sope shall be made, and shall at the same Time diieover in the Boiliup;!louse, Workhouse, Storehouie. Warehouse, Shop, Room, or other Place whereof no Rich Notice 03 alonfaid shall have been given, and where the making of Sope shall be so discovered to he carried on, any Person or Persons knowingly alibiing or any way concerned in carrying on the making of Sope in any inch Boilinghouse, Workhouse, Storehouse, Ware-Louie, Shop, Room or other Place whereof no such Notice as aforesaid fit all have been given, every inch Perion or Persons so discovered shall forfeit and lose the Sum or Twenty Pounds, over and above all Penalties and Forfeitures that the Proprietor or Maker of such Sope, or the Owner, Renter, Occupier or Possessor, of such Boilinghouse, Workhouse, Storehouse, Warehouse, Shop, Room, or other Place shall be liable to ; and it shall be lawful for the Officer and Officers of Excise, and all other Persons acting in his c.r their Aid, to flop, arrest, and detain all and every the Perion and Persons so discovered in such Boilinghouse, Workhouse, Storehouie, Warehouse, Shop, Room, or other Place whereof no such Notice as aforesaid shall have been given, and to convey the said Perion or Perions before One or more Justice hr Indices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City, or Liberty respectively, wherein such Person or Persons shall be so discovered as aforesaid ; and.it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices of the Peace refpeCtively on Confession of the Party, or on Proof, by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to conviCl the Person or Persons so discovered as aforesaid ; and the Person or Persons so convicted shall immediately on such Conviction pray the said Sum of Twenty Pounds into the Hands of the Officer who shall have conveyed such Offender before such Justice or Justices of the Peace, to be applied in Manner herein-after direCled ; and on such Offender or Offenders refuling or negleCting to pay the said Sum of Twenty Pounds, the Justice or Justices so convicting as aforesaid, shall, by Warrant or Warrrants under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, commit the Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction for the said County, Riding, Division, City, or Liberty refpectiyely, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for the Space of Two Months, to be reckoned from the Day of such Commitment, and the Person or Persons so committed shall not be discharged until he, she, or they, shall have paid the said Sum of Twenty Pounds, or until theExpirati^n of the said Two Months ; and in case the Person or Persons so conviCted shall be again discovered in any Boilinghouse, Workhouse, Storehouse, Warehouse, Shop, Room, or other Place whereof no such Notice as aforesaid shall have been given, and where the making of Sope shall be lo carried on, assisting or otherwise concerned in carrying on inch making of Sope, he, she, or	fo again offending,-{hall upon the like Conviction forfeit and

Pa7

A.D. 1807.	470	GEO.	III.	Seff. 3.

C.30.	361;

pay for such Second Offence the Sum of Forty Pounds, and in Default thereof fnall be committed to the House of Corredfion in Manner aforesaid, there to remain for and during the Term of Four Months, or until the said Sum of Forty Pounds shall be paid.

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the Tenth Penalty on Day of October One thousand eight hundred and seven, all and every ^^ntcrs cf Owner or Renter or Owners or Renters of any House, Outhouse, Houles uhere or other Place in which any Boilinghouse, Workhouse, Warehouse, Sope shall be Storehouse, Shop, Room, or other Place, for the making or keeping privately made, of Sope, or for the boiling or keeping any Oil, Tallow, Pot Afh, 20oJ*

Lime, or other Materials proper to be made into Sope, or any Copper, Kettle, Furnace, Fat, Cittern, Trough, or other Vessel for the

boiling or making of Sope, shall, with the Permission, Sufferance,

Privity, or Knowledge of such Owner or Renter, Owners or Renters,

be erePted, fet up, or made ufc of, without iirfb giving such Notice

thereof as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred

Pounds : And that all and every other.Person or Persons in whose Oc- a”^°”^|CCU“

cupation any House, Outhouse, or other Place in which any Boiling- ^iers 2,00 *

house, Workhouse, Warehouse, Storehouse, Shop, Room, or other

Place for the making or keeping of Sope, or for the boiling or keeping

any Oil, Tallow, Pot Afh, Lime, or other Materials proper to be

made into Sope, or any Copper, Kettle, Furnace, Fat, Cittern,

Trough, or other Vessel for the boiling or making of Sope, shall be erected, fet up, or made use of, without firPc giving such Notice thereof as aforesaid, is or fhaii be found or discovered* shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred pounds.

IX.	r And Whereas the Proviiions made by the Laws now in force H.u-d Sope

*	relating to the Form and Construction of Sope Frames, are not fuf- M ilters (hail nor c ficient to answer the good Purposes thereby intended, and it is ufc any Sope

f therefore expedient to make such further Provisions in refpedf sjX^and Ends

*	thereof as are herein-after mentioned;’ be it therefore enabled, Hiall nor be

That from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight permanently hundred and seven, no Maker or Makers of Hard Sope shall, for the fanned together cleanfmg or putting his, her, or their Sope (whether perfect or not *ncJ perfect) into, when taken out of the.Copper or other Utensil where /nchesin^De^th the same was boiled, make use of any Frame, the Sides and Ends of penalty 50I,	*

each and every of the Lifts whereof shall not be permanently mortifed

and nailed, or permanently dove-tailed and nailed together, nor make use of any Frame of a less Depth or Height than that of Forty-five Inches, nor shall cleanse or put his, her, or their Sope, when taken out of the Copper or other Utensil where the same shall have been boiled, into any Frame in any less Quantity than to the Depth in such Frame of Forty-five Inches at the leaf! ; and if any Maker or Makers of Hard Sope shall for thePurpofe aforesaid make use of any Frame the Sides and Ends of each and every of the Lifts whereof shall not be permanently mortifed and nailed, or permanently dove-tailed and nailed together, or make use of any Frame of a less Depth or Height than that of Forty-five Inches, or /hail cleanse or put his, her, or their Sope when taken out of the Copper or other Utensil where the same shall have been boiled into any Frame in any less Quantity than to the Depth in such Frame of Forty-five Inches at the lead, all and every Maker and Makers of Hard Sope so offending shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds :

Provided always, that every such Maker and Makers of Hard Sope

shall

Hosted

3^2

C-3o.

47° GEO. III. Se.ff.2.

A.D.1807.

Makers ofSope shall cleanse Cuppers orly toe-tween ccitain Hours,

Penalty 50I.

shall be at Liberty to cleanse and put into One such Sope Frame as is herein-before directed to be used, the Residue of any making of Sope which shall remain after filling his., her, or their other Sope Frame or Frames to the Depth of Forty-five Inches at the leak, though such Residue of Sope should be of any less Quantity than fufhcient to fill such One Sope Frame to the Depth of Forty-five Inches.

X. And be it further dracted, That no Maker or Makers of Sope shall, from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and ieven, cleanse or take, or begin to cleanse or take, his, her, or their Sope, from or out of any Copper, Pan, or other Utensil, by him, her, cr them, used for the boiling or making of Sope, at any other Time than between the Hours-of Seven in the Morning and Six in the Afternoon ; and every Maker or Makers of Sope, having begun to cleanse, or take his, her, or their Sope from or out of any Copper, Pan, or other Utensil, by him, her, or them used, for the boiling or making of Sope, shall, within the Space of Four Flours, from the Time of his, her, or their having so begun, cleanse and take the Whole of his, her, or their Sope, from or out of such Copper, Pan, or other Utensil; and if any Maker or. Makers of Sope shall cleanse or take, or begin to cleanse or take, his, her, or their Sope from or out of any Copper, Pan, or other Utensil, by him, her, or them used for the boiling cr making of Sope, at any other Time than between the Flours of Seven in the Morning and Six in the Afternoon, or having begun to cleanse, or take his, her,	or their Sope, from or

out of any Copper, Pan, or other Utensil,	by him, her, or then*

tiled, for the boiling or making of Sope, shall not within the Space of Four Hours from the Time of his, her, or their having so begun, cleanse and take the Whole of his, her, or their Sope, from or out of such Copper, Pan, or other Utensil; such Maker or Makers of Sope, so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

Penalty nn Sope XL And be it further enaftted, That, from and after the Tenth Makers not	_	Day of O&ober One thoufar.d eight hundred	and seven, when and so

sopto^Cakes	°^tcn as anY Maker cr Makers of Plara Sope,	fhall have cleansed his,

or Bars within a her, or their Sope, into any Frame or Frames, wherein respectively such Sope shall be of the Depth of Fifty Inches or under, all and every such Maker and Makers of Sope shall, within One hundred and twenty Flours after such Sope shall have been so cleansed into such Frame or Frames, cut or divide such Sope into Cakes or Bars, and remove the same and every Part thereof, from and out of such Frame or Frames ; and when and so often as any Maker or Makers of Hard Sope, shall have cleansed, his, her, or their Sope into any Frame or Frames wherein respectively such Sope shall be of the Depth of upwards of Fifty Inches, all and every Maker and Makers of Sope-final], within One hundred and nxty-eight Flours after such Sope shall have been so cleansed into such Frame or Frames, cut or divide such Sope into Cakes or Bars, and remove the same and every Part thereof, from and out of such Frame or Frames ; and if any Maker or Makers of Hard Sope shall have cleansed his, her, or their Sope, into any Frame or Frames wherein respectively such Sope shall be of the Depth of Fifty Inches or under, and shall not, within One hundred and twenty Flours after such Sope shall have been so cleansed into such Frame or Frames, cut or divide such Sope into Cakes or Bars, and remove the same and every Part thereof, from or out of such Framo

or

certain Time, 5 ok

C.30.

A*D. 1807,	470	GEO,	HI.	Self.	2.

363

or Frames; or if any Maker or Makers of Hard Sope shall have cleansed his, her, or their Sope into any Frame or Frames wherein respectively such Sope shall be of the Depth of upwards of Fifty Inches, and shall not, within One hundred and fixty-eight Hours after such Sope shall have been '£0 cleansed into such Frames or Frame, cut or divide such Sope into Cakes or Bars, and remove the same, and every Part thereof from or out of such Frame or Frames, every such Maker or Makers of Sope shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XI [. 4 And Whereas it is expedient that so much of an Act palled.

*	in the Forty-lixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti-

*	tuled, An Act to amend the Lc-<ivs of Excise, so far as relates to Profe- 4^ G* 3’ c* 1 f *«■

*	cations for Penalties, to the counterfeiting the Stamps on the Wrappers of § z‘

4 Paper, and to the puntfhin? P erf cm guilty of Perjury, as was made

c for repealing so much of another Act therein mentioned to have 1 been'paffed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the P.eign of His present 4 Majesty, as is recited in the said Aft of the Forty-lixth Year of His

*	faid Majesty’s Reign, relating to the counterfeiting Stamps provided 4 for Paper, and making other Provisions in lieu thereof, should be

*	repealed, and in lieu thereof to make such Provisions as are in that

*■ Behalf herein-after mentioned be it therefore enacted. That from Repr.i’cd so far and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and as relates to seven, so much of the said Aft paifed in the Forty-lixth Year of His rcp^ of c 2<yg Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the repealing so much of' the Aft *3* therein mentioned to have been passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, as is recited in the said Aft of the Forty-lixth Year of His said Majesty’s Reign, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XIII. ‘ And Whereas by an Aft made in the Thirty-fourth Year

*	of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing 34 G-3> c.io §9-4 the Duties on Paper, Pajleboard. Millboardr, Scaleboard9 and Glared

4 Paper} and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; it was amongst 4- other Things enacted, that if any Person or Persons whatsoever 4 should counterfeit or cause to be counterfeited any Stamp, Device,

*	or Label, provided or directed to be used in pursuance of the said

*	recited Aft of the Thirty-fourth Year of His said present Majesty’s

*	Reign, then and in every such Case every such Person so offending 4 therein ibould for every such Offence forfeit the Sum cf Five hun-4 dred Pounds : And Whereas it is expedient to repeal so much of < the said Aft of the Thirty-fourth Year of His said present Majesty’s 4 Reign as is herem-before recited, and in lieu thereof to direct that f every Person or Persons so offending shall be adjudged guilty of 4 Felony, and subject to such Punishment as is herein-after direfted

be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Tenth Day of October jnftead of One thousand eight hundred and seven, so much of the said Aft of Penalty of 5cob the Thirty-fourth Year of His said present Majesty’s Reign as is under recited herein-before recited, Shall be and the same is hereby repealed, save CrJnterHtinS> and except in all and every Case and Cases relating to any Fine, Pe- stamps, Sec. nalty, or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures of the said Sum diretfedro be of Five hundred Pounds, which have been incurred at any Time before u^d by said A<f>, or on the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and seven ; and that if any Person or Persons whatever Shall from and tran^Vrtcd for after the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and Seven Years, seven, counterfeit or forge, or cause to be_ counterfeited or forged,

any

S64

C. 30.

47'

'GEO. III. Seff.2.

A.D.180*

43 G. 3. c.

Schedules A -fj. Tiilc K tJaper.”

any Stamp, Device, or Label, provided or directed to be used in pursuance ot the find Act made in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, every Person so offending and being thereof duly convidfed lb all be adjudged a Felon, and shall for such his, her, or their Offence be transported as a Felon or Felons for the Space of Seven Years.

XIV. 4 And Whereas by an A cl made in the Forty-third Year 4 of the Reign of His preient Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal 4 the Duties of Excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties 4 in lieu thereof certain Duties of Excile are imposed for and in respect 4 of Paper, Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper, made in Great 4 Britain, and for and in respect of Info Paper, Pasteboard, Glazed 4 Paper for Clothiers and Hot Preffers, Millboard and Scaleboard 4 imported from Ireland into Great Britain not being Sheathing Paper 4 or Button Paper, or Button Board ; and by the said Act a certain 4 Drawback is granted on the Exportation of Paper, Pasteboard, 4 Millboard, and Scaleboard, made in Great Britain as Merchandize 4 to Foreign Parts; And Whereas it is expedient to repeal the said 4 Exception for and in respect of Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, 4 and Button Board, and to impose thereon such Duty as is herein-f after directed be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and seven, the said Exception of Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, and Button Board, shall be and the same is hereby repealed ; and that from and after the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and seven, all Sheathing i'aper, Button Paper, and Button Board respectively cr^ nia^e *n -eat Britain, shall he subject and liable to the same Duty of awrt R„trnn ’ Excise as is by the said Act imposed for or in respect of Millboard

Repeal of the Exception of 'Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board from Excise Du'ics.

and Button Bo; ro /hall pay the lame Duties as Milibjard.

5G.2 c.24. § :

made in Great Britain; and that all Irish Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, and Button Board, imported from Ireland into Great Britain, shall be subject and liable to the same Duty of Excise as is by the said Act imposed for or in respect of Iriflo Millboard imported'from Ireland into Great Britain ; and that there shall.be. paid and allowed for and in respect of all Sheathing Paper, Button Paper, and Button Board refpelively made in Great Britain, for which the Duties in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, the same Drawback as is by the said Adc granted for or in respect of Millboard made in Great Britain and exported to Foreign Parts; the said Duties and Drawbacks by this Act imposed and granted to be raised, recovered, paid, and allowed under the same Management, and under and subject to the same Rules, Regulations, Provilions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures as the said Duties of Excise on Millboard are by the said Adi or by any ether Act or Acts of Parliament to be raised, recovered, paid, or allowed, any Thing in any Add or Adis of Parliament to the contrary in any wile notwithstanding.

XV, 4 And Whereas, by an Adi made in the Fifth Year of the 4 Reign of Elis late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An e Ad for encouraging the Growth of Ccffee in His Majesty s Plantations 4 in America, certain ’Affidavits and Certificates are required to be 4 made and produced before any Coffee is suffered to be put on 4 board any Ship or Vessel in any of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plan-4 tations in America, and before the clearing of such Ship or Vessel,

4 and on the Importation into Great Britain of such Coffee from any

2	4	of

A.D.i 807.	47®	GEO. III. Seff. 2.	C.30.	365

4 of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America ; and by another

*	Aft made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His prefect Majesty,

c (among other Things,) for more effectually preventing the clandejline 4G.3. c.15. §2c„ 4 Conveyance of Goods to and from the said Colonies and Plantations,

4 and improving and /scaring the Trade between the same and Great i3ri-6 tain, certain olhetn Affidavits and Certificates are required to be made 4 and produced before the clearing out of any Ship or Vessel on board 4 of which any Rum or Spirits as of the Growth, Product, or 4 Manufacture, of any British Colony or Plantation shall be'loaded in 4 anyx»f the Britiflo Colonies or Plantations in America, and upon the 4 Importation of such Rum or Spirits into Great Britain from any of 4 His Majesty’s .Colonies or Plantations in America ; and it- is arnc-ng 4 other Things enabled, that any Rum or Spirits imported or found

*	on board 'any such Ship or Vessel, as is in the said Act in that 4 Behalf mentioned, for which no such Certificate shall be produced,

4 or which shall notagree therewith, shall be deemed and taken to be 4 Foreign Rum and Spirits, and liable to the lame Duties as Rum or 4 Spirits of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any Foreign 4 Colony or Plantation would respectively be liable to by Law : And 4 Whereas, by another Aft made in the Twenty-third Year of the

4 Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further 23 G.3. c.79. §7* ‘ encouraging the Growth of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts in Iiis Majesty's 4 Jflan.ls and Plantations in America, certain other Affidavits and 4 Certificates are required to be made and produced before any Cocoa'

4 Nuts are lufFered to be put on board any Ship or VeiTel in any of 4 His Majesty’s Irfands or Plantations in America, and before the 4 Clearing of such Ship or Vessel and upon the Importation into Great 4 Britain of such Cocoa Nuts from any of His Majesty’s Colonies or 4 Plantations in America :	And Whereas it is expedient that the-

4 Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively shall 4 be authorized and empowered to permit, in Manner herein-after men-4 tioned, Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, and Rum or Spirits, imported into 4 Great Britain from any Britiflo Colony or Plantation in America,

4 to-be entered, on Payment of inch Duty or Duties of Excise as is 4 or are imposed by Law, for or in re ip eft of Coffee, Cocoa Nuts,

4 and Rum or Spirits respectively, of the Growth or Produce of any 4 Britiflo Colony or Plantation in America, though such Affidavits or 4 Certificates as aforesaid may be wanting Be it therefore enacted,

That from and after the Tenth Day of Oftoher One thousand eight Cornmiftioners hundred and seven, if any Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Rum or Spirits, shall of Excise may in be imported into Great Britain from any Britiflo Colony or Plantation in America, without such Affidavit or Certificate, or Affidavits or c-icoaMuts* Certificates, as is by Law in that Behalf required, being made or R.jm, 01 Spirits, produced, and it shall be made to appear, to the Satisfaction of the to entry as Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, or the	Psunta-

major Part of them respectively, that such Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Rum tion 1 roc1uce>

S'-	1	c J ,	,	,	„	,	,	luough unac-

or Spirits, was or were ready and truly the Growth and Produce of a comuaiued bv - Britiflo Colony or Plantation in America, and was or were- imported Certificates, ice, as aforesaid, without fucii Affidavit or Certificate, or Affidavits or Certificates, hona fcle and without any Intention of Fraud ; then and in- every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective Commissioners, or the major Part of them respectively, to permit the said Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Rum or Spirits respectively to be entered, upon Payment of such Duty or Duties of Excise as the

a	fame

366

C^o*	470	GEO.	III. SefT. 2. A.D. 1807.

same vrould have been liable to if such Affidavit or Certificate, or Affidavits or Certificates, relpedlively had been regularly made and produced, any Thing in the said recited Acts or any of them, or in any other Adi or A is of Parliament, to the contrary thereof in any-wife notw thflanding.	*

19G.2. c.12.XVI. f And Whereas by an Adi made in the Nineteenth Year of 4 the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, among other 4 Things, “ for granting to His Majesty several Rates and Duties 44 upon Glass,’’ it is amongst other Things enacted, that all and every 4 the Officers of the said Duties shall at all Times, by Day or by 4 Night, be permitted, upon his or their Request, to enter in the % “ Workheuse, Warehouse, or other Place or Places, for making or 4 preparing of Glass, belonging to or used by any Person who shall 4 be a Maker or Makers of any Glass whatsoever, and to weigh or f otherwise take an Account of the just Quantity of the Metal and

*	Materials mixed and prepared for the making of Glass before the 4 same be put into such Pot or Peats, in the said Adi in that Behalf 4 mentioned, and to examine, gauge, or otherwise take an Account

*	of the just Quantity of the Metal and Materials mixed and prepared 4 for the making of Glass, after the same shall have been put into 4 such Pot or Pots, and shall thereof respectively make Return or 4 Report in Writing* to the respective Commissioners of Excise in 4 Greai Britain, or such as they shall respectively appoint to receive 4 the same, leaving a true Copy (if demanded) in Writing under his 4 or their Pland, with or for such Maker or Makers of Glass refpedt-4 ively, and such Return or Report of the said Officer or Officers,

4 whether made from the Weight of the Metal and Materials so mixed 4 and prepared before the same shall be put into the Pot or Pots, or 4 from the Account so taken in the Pots, shall be a Charge upon such

The Quantity of 4 Maker or Makers of Glass respectively : And Whereas, it has ever Glass Materials < since the palling of. the said A cl been the invariable Practice of the io ri^e Pots in * Officers of Excise to take such Account of the Quantity of such PeiiicerraiMtd3 * Metaland Materials after the same has been put into such Pot or by the dry Inch i Pots according to the following Method, that is to say, to gauge as has been 4 and afeertain the Dimensions of every such Pot, before the same sdaA	4 has been fet in the Furnace, and therefrom to calculate the Quan-

4 tity of Metal or Materials which every such Pot is capable of con-4 taming, at every Inch, Half Inch, Quarter of an Inch, and other 4 Fractions of an Inch, and to afeertain the Weight or Quantity of 4 the Metal and Materials at any Time contained in such Pot, for the 4 making of Crown or any other Species of Glass, by gauging or 4 measuring the dry Inches, or unfilled and unoccupied Space or Dif-4 tance between the Top, Rim, Edge, or Lip of such Pot in the 4 Furnace, and the Surface of the Fluid, Metal, or Materials in such ■ 4 Pot, and deducting the Quantity of Metal or Materials which this 4 Space denoted by such dry Inches, or the unfilled and unoccupied 4 Part of such Pot appears, by such original Gauging or Calculation 4 capable of containing, from the Quantity of Metal or Materials,

4 which, according* to such original Gauge and Calculation, the whole 4 Pot is denoted to be capable of containing : And Whereas Doubts 4 have arisen whether the said Method is warranted by Law Now, to obviate and remove all such Doubts, be it enadied, That from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and seven, the Quantity of the Metal and Materials mixed and prepared

(QIt

367

AD. 1807..	.	470	GEO.	III.	Seif.	2.	C.30.

for the making of Glass, after the same shall have been put into any such Pot or Ppts, shall be deemed and taken to be, iuch as the same shall by the said Method be denoted to be, and the Officer and Officers of Excise shall make a Return or Report thereof in Writing, to the respective Commissioners of Excise in Great Britain, or such Person or Persons as they shall respectively appoint to receive the same ; and f,.ch Return or Report of the said Officer or Officers of Excise shall be a Charge upon such Maker or Makers of Glass, any Thing in this or any other Adi or Adis of Parliament to the contrary in any-wife notwithstanding.

XVII.	‘ And Whereas by an AT palled in the Forty-fixth Year

*	of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An A3 for repealing ^ G' 3*

*	the Duties of Excise on Stills used for dijliiling or rectifying JLozu C'10^ ^

4 fVines or Spirits for Consumption in Scotland, on Worts or Wajlo made

4 for extracting Spirits and on Spirits made for Consumption in Scotland,

*	and for granting and securing other Duties in lieu thereof; and for ( better securing the Duties on Foreign Spirits and on Mali ; it is am on gib

*	other Things provided and enacted; that all Licences to make,

4 distil, redlify, or compound Spirits in the Lowlands of Scotland,

4 and also all Licences to make or distil Spirits in the Highlands of 4 Scotland, shall commence and take effect from the First Day of 4 October in each Year : And Whereas it is expedient to alter the Time

*	at which such Licences shall hereafter commence and take effedl

be it further enacted. That all and every Licence or Licences which Licences for shall be granted from and after the passing of this Act, to make, <1 Milling, See* diilil, redlify, or compound Spirits in the Lowlands of Scotland for Spirits m the Consumption of 'Scotland, or to make or diilil Spirits in the High- ^°^n^ar lands of Scotland for the Consumption of the said Highlands, shall fu(hall commence and take effect from the Tenth Day of November in each commence Nur, Year; and that each and every such Licence shall be and remain in io, yearly, force and effect for One Year, from such Tenth Day of November and no longer; any Thing in any Adi or Adis of Parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That each In o-hcr relpefta and every such Licence shall in all other Respects be granted in the as under recited Manner and Form directed by the said recited Adi.

p- XIX. And be it further enacted. That from and after the passing Commissioners of this Act, in case any Goods or Commodities whatsoever, or any of Excise Ships, Vessels, Boats, Horles, Cattle, or Carriages, shall be seized as empowered t® forfeited, by virtue or in pursuance of any Adi or Adis of Parliament re^°»y Seizures relating to the Revenue of Excise, it shall and may be lawful to and upon iuch Terra* for the Commissioners of Excite in England and Scotland respectively, as chey^may0'^ or the major Part of them respectively, on Evidence given to their deem proper. Satisfadiion that the Forfeiture arose without any Deiign or Intention of Fried in the Proprietor or Proprietors, Claimant or Claimants, and Person or Persons having the Custody, Care, or Management, for the Time being, of such Goods, Commodities, Ships, Vessels,

Boats, Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, to order the same to be restored to such Proprietor or Proprietors, or Claimant or Claimants, in such - Manner and on such Terms and Conditions as, under the Circum-flances of the Case, shall appear to the said Commissioners respectively to be reasonable, and as they shall think lit to direct; and if such Proprietor or Proprietors, or Claimant or Claimants, shall comply with the Terms and Conditions prescribed by such Commissioners refpedt-

9	L	ively.

368

©vvtjers of reftured Goods shall not claim Damages, Scc.

Penalties under this Ait reco-

lii! cifcT Pe r a [tie*r	^ue<^ recovered, levied, or mitigated by such Ways, Means,

or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, may be lued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer m Scotland respectively ; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and SuccelTors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the fame-ii Car. 2. c. 24. XXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, and other E'cii'c Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Laws extended- TlnngS) which, in and by an Aft made in the Twelfth Year of the Vo this Ac . Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An AAt for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service, and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon His Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other Law now in force, relating to His Majesty’s Revenue of Excise, are provided and eftablilhed for managing, railing, levying, collecting, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted, or any of them, other than in such Cases for which other Penalties or Provisions are made and prescribed by this Act, shall be praftisea, uied, and put in Execution, in and for the Furpofes of this Adi, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauies, Matters and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enaftcd in this present ACl.

CAP. XXXX.

An Aft-to revive and continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, and amend so much of an Aft, made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant-Majors of the Militia of England> disembodied under an Act of the same Section of Parliament.

[]ft Augujl 1807.J [See 42 G. 3. c, 64. to which this Atl is fmi Jar, mutatis mutandis.]

CAP.

39 & 40 G. 3. c. 44*

C. 3°> 31*

470 GEO. III. Self. 2.

A.D.I807.

ively, it shall not be lawful for such Goods, Commodities, Ships, Velfels, Boats, Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, to be proceeded again!! in any Manner for the Condemnation thereof ; but if such Proprietor or Proprietors, or Claimant or Claimants, shall not comply with the Terms and Conditions prescribed by the said Commissioners refpeft-ively, such Goods, Commodities, Ships, Velfels, Boats, Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, may and shall be proceeded againit for the Condemnation thereof as if this Law had not been made : Provided always, that if such Proprietor or Proprietors, or Claimant or Claimants, shall accept the Terms and Conditions prescribed by the said Commissioners, such Proprietor or Proprietors, or Claimant or Claimants, refpeft-ively, shall not, nor shall any of them have or be entitled to any P.ecom-pence or Damage on Account of the Seizure or Detention of such Goods, Commodities, Ships, Velfels, Boats, Horses, Cattle, or Carriages.

XX. And be-it further enabled, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures. hereby imoofed and not otherwise directed bv this Aft. shall

A.D.i8o7*	47°	GEO.	III.	Self.2*	C.32—-35.	3&9

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while disembodied.

[ift AugtJ? 1807.]

[7/z all Respects the same as 46 G. 3. c. 21. mutatis mutandis.]

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act: to continue until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, an Aft of the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for appointing Commissioners to 45 G. 3,0.47, enquire into the Public Expenditure, and the Conduct of the Public Business in the Military Departments therein mentioned.	[ill August 1807.]

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act to make the Port of Amjlerdam^ in the Island of Cura-goa> a free Port.	[ift August 1807.]

*	^1£7HEREAS an Aft was palled in the Forty-fifth Year of

€	▼ ▼ His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to consolidate and 45 G. 3. c. 57.

c extend the fever al Laws now in force for allowing the Importation and

*	Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandise into and from certain ‘ Ports in the Welt Indies; And Whereas it is expedient to permit 1 the like Importation* and Exportation of certain Goods and Com-

*	modifies into and from the Port of Amjlerdam in the Illand of

f. Curagoa in the IVeJl Indies ; be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament alsembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from LikeG>ods may and after the palling of this Aft, such Goods and Commodities as be imported int® by the said Aft may be imported into, and exported from the Port and exported of San Jofef in the Illand of Trinidad, may be imported into and ex-	j^Cura^oa

ported from the Port of Amjlerdam in the Illand of Curagoa in the	5an jofc°f

IVeJl Indies, in the like Ships and Velfels, under such Rules, Regula- in Trinidad tions, Restrictions, and Conditions, and subject to such Penalties and Forfeitures for Breach thereof, as are contained, described, and provided in the said Aft.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employe ments; and for extending the Times limited for those Pur-pofesrespectively, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight 5 and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred a^d eight.	[ift	Augijl 807*

[See 44 G. 3. c. 7. and Ref entices there $)

$7 Gpo. III.	B	b

47° GEO. III. SeiT.a.

A.D.1807

37®

C. 36—38.

Trustees, at a tpccinl Meeting, may order any Articles in the British Museum to be excha nged, gx fold lor the Purchase ot others.

CAP. XXXVI.

An A£t to enable the Trustees of the Britifi Mufeutn to exchange, fell, or dispose of such Parts of the Collections, and undjer such ReflriCtions as are therein specified.

[8th Augtijl 1807.]

*	7 HE RE AS amongst the several Collections and Additions

<	V V thereto, which from Time to Time have been and may be

*	placed in the Brltljh Museum, there now are and hereafter may

*	happen to be some Articles which are unfit to be preserved therein ; f and it would be beneficial for the said Institution that the Trustees ■ thereof should have Power to l'eleCt and dispose of such Articles either ‘ by way of Exchange or Sale, so that such. Articles or the Produce

*	thereof be applied in obtaining other Things which may be wanting

<	in or proper for the said Museum :9 May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be in enacted by the King’s moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees and their Successors, or any Seven or more of them (the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord Chancellor of Great Britain or Lord Keeper, and the Speaker of the Hcufe of Commons for the Time being refpeCtiv'ely, or any Two of them, being of the Number), present at any Meeting fpe-cially assembled for that Purpose, to order that any Articles in the said Museum which they then adjudge to be unfit to be preserved therein, shall be exchanged for Manuscripts, Books, Medals, Coins, Statues, or other Things more suited to the exilling Collections, and the Nature of the Institution, or to direCt the same to be fold or disposed of, and the Money to arise by such Sale to be laid out in the Purchase of Manuscripts, Books, Medals, Coins, Statues, or other Things which may be wanting in or proper for the said Museum ; any former Act of Parliament, or any other Matter to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, an Act of 46 G. 3. c. 139. the Forty-fixth Year of Kis present Mnjefty, for altering and amending several Laws relating to the Duties of Excise upon Malt.	[8th Augujl 1807.^

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for permitting, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Importation of certain enumerated Articles into the British. Colonies on the Continent of North America, from the United States of America, and the Exportation of other enumerated Articles from the same Coionics, to the said States.	[8th	Auguft	1807.]

' Wh ERIE as

Hosted by

A.D. 1807.

47® GEO. III. Sefl',2.

C.38.

37*

may be imported from America in Rriiilh or Arne-ricanVcflfels into CichPoi ts as shall

*	7HLREAS by the Laws now in force, no Goods or Com-‘ V V modifies may be imported into or exported from any of the

*	Territories of His Majesty in North America, but in Britifh-built

<	Ships or VefTels owned and navigated according to Law, nor any

*	Goods or Commodities be imported from any of the Territories be-

*	longing to the United Slates of America into the Provinces of f Nova Scotia or New Brunswick : And Whereas the Exportation of

*	certain Articles, the Produce of thofeTwo Provinces might be

<	greatly increased, if the Importation of certain Articles herein-after f mentioned, from the United States, were permitted in American c and Britiflo Ships, at a Port to be appointed for that Purpose, and

<	under certain Limitations and Reflriftions ;’ be it therefore enacted by the King’s mofi Excellent Majesty, b}r and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this

present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That 'Certain Article from and after the palling of this Aft, it shall and may be lawful in any herein mentioned BritjJh-bvuAt Ship or Vessel owned and navigated according to Law, or any Ship or Vessel belonging to any of the Subjects of the United States of: America, to import from the said United States of America, into such Ports, as shall be specially appointed for that Purpose by His Majesty, within the Province of Nova Scotia or New Brun/wick, be appointed by the following Articles, videlicet, Scantling Planks, Stores, Heading Majesty, Boards, Shingles, Hoops, or squared Timber of any Sort, Horses, within Nova Neat Cattle, Sheep, Hogs, Poultry, or Live Stock of any Sort, Brunfwirk^Tnd Bread, Biscuit, Flour, Peas, Beans, Potatoes, Wheat, Rice, Oats, cerrain Articles ' Barley, or Grain of any Sort; also Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine, being herein men-the Produce or Manufacture of the said United States, and no other r,oned maY be Articles whatever ; and it shall and may be lawful in any such Ship or ^^crica^rom Vessel to export from the said Port, so to be appointed for that Purpose, (uc^ i>0J tg# to the said United States, any Gypsum, Grind Stones, or other Produce (except Ship Timber) or Manufacture of the said Provinces, and also any Produce or Manufacture of the United Kingdom, or of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, any Thing in the said Acts, or in any other Aft to the contrary notwithstanding.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Ship No importing or Vessel shall be admitted to an Entry, nor shall any such Scantling Vessel shall be Planks, Staves, Heading Boards, Shingles, Hoops, or square Timber ^mitted 10 of any Sort, Horses, Neat Cattle, Sheep, Hogs, Poultry, or Live

Stock of any Sort, Bread, Biscuit, Flour, Peas, Beans, Potatoes, UIK<ue EXp«iu Wheat, Rice, Oats, Barley, or Grain of any Sort, Pitch, Tar, or Turpentine, be permitted to be unladen, until Bond shall be given to the batisfaftion of the Officers of the Customs at the said Port, that there shall not be exported in such Ship or Vessel any other Articles than Gypsum or Grind Stones, or other Produce (except Ship Timber) or Manufacture of the said Provinces, or any Produce or Manufacture of the United Kingdom, or of Plis Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies.

III.	And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty may His Majesty, by and with the Advice of His Privy Council, to make make Regula-fuch Rules and Regulations for the Importation and Exportation of tions as to such Goods and Commodities as aforesaid at the said Port, with such *mP®rtation aQ^ Penalties and Forfeitures for the Breach thereof, as shall seem fit and xPoruUo,i\ necessary to His Majesty, by and with the Advice aforesaid.

Continuance of Add (as in Title,) § 4..”

B b 2	CAP.

37*

39 &40G.3*

c. 54.

Whenever Balances have improperly rtm lined in Ha nds of any Public Accountant, Commif-iioners of Account may charge him with Jntereft.

Commissioners may make Annua] Rests in such Accounts.

C. 39.

47® GEO. III. Seff.2.

A.D. 1807,

CAP. XXXIX.

An A£t for more effectually charging Publick Accountants with Interest upon Balances ; and for other Purposes relating to the passing of Publick Accounts. [8th Augujl 1807.]

4 WHEREAS an Aft was made and palled in the Thirty-ninth and 4 VV Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, 4 An A Cl for more effectually charging Publick Accountants with the Pay-c ment of Interest, and for allowing Inter ejl to them in certain Cases, and 4 for compelling the Payment of Balances due from them ; by which Aft 4 certain Provisions were made for charging Publick Accountants, 4 who have been concerned in the Receipt of the Revenue, with 4 Interest upon Balances appearing to have remained in their Hands 4 at the Determination of their Service, and also for charging other 4 Publick Accountants with Interest upon Balances remaining in their 4 Hands at the Time of the auditing of their Accounts ; And Whereas 4 it is j aft and reasonable that Persons who have improperly and un-4 necessarily retained in their Hands large Balances of Publick Money 4 should in certain Cases be charged with Interest upon such Balances ; 4 but no Power is given by the said Aft to charge such Persons with 4 Interest, except in the Cases which are particularly specified in the 4 said AftBe it therefore enacted by the King’s mofl Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, irnthis present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That in all Cases in which it shall appear, upon the Examination or Audit of Publick Account, that Balances of Publick Money have improperly and unnecessarily remained in the Hands of the Accountant, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts, and all other Officers who shall be charged with the Duty of examining and finally passing such Accounts, and they are hereby authorized, in all Cases in which it shall appear to them to be just and reasonable, to charge such Accountant with Interest upon the Whole or any Part of the said Balances, for such Period of Time pafl, and at such Rate, not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum per Annpm, as they shall deem reasonable, although it shall appear that such Accountants were not indebted at theTime or in the Manner mentioned and specified in the said Aft of the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty ; any Thing in the said Aft contained to the contrary notwith• {landing.

II. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases in which it shall appear to the Commissioners for auditing the Publick Accounts, upon the Audit of any Account which shall take place after the passing of this Aft, that the Accountant has improperly and unnecessarily retained in his Hands during a Course of Years, Balances pf Publick .Money, and made Interest or Advantage thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, at their Discretion, upon due Consideration of the Circumstances . of the Case, to make annual Rests in the Account of such Accountant, in like Manner as is practised in fimiliar Cases by Courts of Equity, and to charge the Accountant with Interest upon the Balances appearing upon such Rests, for such Periods, and at such Rate of Interest, not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, as they shall deem just and reasonable.

III. An<J

III.	And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners and

all other publick Officers, who are or may be charged with the Duty of examining and finally palling any Publick Accounts, shall and they are hereby required, in all Cases in which they shall charge Publick Accountants with Interect, to cause a Notice in Writing to be delivered forthwith to the accounting Party or his lawful Reprefen-tative, or to the Agent of such Party or Representative, specifying the Amount and Particulars of the Charge for Interect, and the Mode of computing the same, together with the Grounds upon which such Charge of Interest shall have been made ; and the said Commif-fioncrs for auditing the Publick Accounts are also hereby required in all such Cases, to fet forth the Amount and Particulars of the said Charge for Interect, together with the Mode of computing the same, and the Grounds of such Charge upon the Face of the Account, when the said Commissioners shall cause the said Account according to the Nature thereof, either to be prepared for Declaration, or stated to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury for their Consideration.	!

IV.	And be it further enacted, That in all Cases in which the accounting Party or his Representative or Representatives, shall be diflatisfted with any Charge for Interest made by the said Commissioners or other Public Officers having the Examination of his Account, it shall be lawful for him or them within Six Months from the Time of receiving the Notice herein-before directed to be given, to apply for Relief against the Whole or any Part of such Charge for Interect, by Motion in a summary way to' the Barons of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer at Wejlmlnjler ; who shall upon such Application call before them as well the said Commissioners or other Public Officers, or some Person on their Behalf, as the accounting Party, and shall cause Notice thereof to be sent to His Majesty’s Attorney General ; and after hearing what shall be alledged by the different Parties, shall make such Order thereupon as the Justice of the Case shall require ; and the several Officers and Persons whose Duty it shall be to make up the said Accounts, shall govern themselves accordingly.

V.	And be it further enacted, That all Charges of Interect, which shall be made by virtue of the present Adi, shall have the same force and effect as if the same had been made under the Authority of the aforesaid Adi of the rThirty-ninth and Fortieth Year oft the Reign of His present Majesty, and shall be subject to the same Approbation and Controul of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury ; and the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, and all other proper Officers, shall observe the same Course of Proceeding, with respect to all Charges of Interest to be made under the Authority of the present Adi, as if such Charges had been made under the Authority of the said Adi of the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, except so far as such Course of Proceeding is in any Manner affected or varied by the present Adi.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That any Account which shall hereafter be delivered into the Office for auditing the Publick Accounts, may be attested before any One of the Commissioners for auditing the said Accounts.

VII.	* And Whereas Doubts have arisen whether Peers of the \ Realm, having been entrusted with the Expenditure of Publick

B b 3	*	Money,

Notice shall be given to the Party of the Amount of the Charge for Interest.

Appeal allowed to the Court of Exchequer within Six Months after such Notice,

Charge of Interest shall have the same EfFc<ft as under recited Adt-

Accounts may be attested before One Commif-lioner.

Peers being Publick Accountants shall

374	C

atteft their Accounts upon Honoui.

Deputies may atieft Accounts.

Accounts may be proceeded in notwithltanding Deft<ft in Attestation; or on Attention of Agent.

46 G. 3. c. 141 V *'

ft [delivvef

•39*	47^	GEO. III. SeffA.	A.D.1807.

* Money, are bound to attefl their Accounts upon Oath before they 4 deliver the fanm into the Office of the Commissioners for auditing the i Publick Accounts ;* be it therefore enabled, That it shall and may be lawful for all Peers, being Publick Accountants, to attest their Accounts upon Honour, and that they shall not be required to verify Rich Accounts upon Oath, prior to or upon the Delivery of their Accounts into the Office of the said Commissioners.

VIII.	And be it further enabled, That in all Cases in which any Office of Public Expenditure may be lawfully executed by Deputy, it shall be competent for the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts to receive the Accounts of such Officer under the Attention of his Deputy lawfully appointed, provided such Deputy shall have executed the said Office during the Period of the Account.

IX.	4 AndWhereas great Delay and Inconvenience have arisen and 4 may arise, from requiring Public Accounts in all Cases to be duly 4 attested prior to or upon the Delivery thereof into the Office for 4 auditing the Public Accounts be it therefore enabled, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, in all Cases in which it shall appear to them to be expedient and for the Benefit of the Public Service, to receive Accounts into their Office, and proceed to the Examination and Audit thereof, notwithstanding any Defefl of Form in the Attestation of the Account ; and also to accept the Attestation of an Agent or other Per foil, who may have been employed to- carry on the Service or make up the Account, in Cases where the Attestation of the Accountant either by reason of Absence from the Kingdom or other sufficient Cause, cannot with Convenience be obtained.

X. ‘ And Whereas, by an Adi made in the Forty-fixth Year of

*	the Reign of Hisprefent Majesty, intituled, An AB for making more 4 effectual Prof ft on for the more Jpeedy and regular Examination and

*	Audit of the Public Accounts cf this Kingdom, it is enabled, that all

*	Perfons liable to account before the Commissioners for auditing the 4 Public Accounts shall, within Three Calendar Months after the < Thirty-firlt Day of December One thousand eight hundred and fix,

*	and within Three Calendar Months after the same Day in every future 4 Year, deliver into the Office of the said Commissioners an Account 4 Current of all Sums received and paid by them for the Public Service ‘ within the preceding Year, together with Vouchers for such Receipts 4 and Payments, unleis it has been usual for any Account to be made 4 up to any different Period in the Year, in which Case such Account,

' together with the Vouchers, is directed to be [laid*] within Three 4 Calendar Months after such Period ; but it is expressly provided by

*	the said Aft, that the Delivery of such Account and Vouchers is not

*	to exonerate the Accountant from delivering such other Accounts . * applicable to the Service of each Year as may be required by the

‘ Course and Usage of Office, which last mentioned Account is

*	directed by the said Aft to be delivered within Three Calendar 4 Months after the Date of the last Receipt or Payment to be included 4 therein : And Whereas it may be convenient and useful in certain 4 Cases that the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts r should be enabled to extend the Period fixed for the Delivery of the 4 afore laid Accounts of Receipts and Disbursements or Cash Ac-4 count s, or to dispense altogether with these Accounts in Cases where

4 the

Hosted by

37 5

A.D.1807.	47°	GEO.	in.	SefT.2.	C.39,40

*	the complete Service Account can be rendered within a reasonable

*	Time;’ be it therefore enabled, That whenever-it shall appear to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, that any Accountant shall be unable, from the Nature of the Service, or from Circumstances, not within his Contronl, and not in consequence of any Neglect on his Part, to deliver his Account of Receipts and Difbur foments, together with the Vouchers for such Receipts or Payments, within Three Calendar Months after the Thirty-firfl Day of December in any Year* or within Three Calendar Months after any other Period of the Year to which such Account has been usually made up, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, upon due Consideration of the Case, to grant the Accountant such further Time as they may deem reasonable for the Delivery or Tranfmif-fion of the said Account of Receipts and Disbursements.

XL And be it also enacted, That in all Cases in which it shall appear to the said Commissioners that the Cafn Accounts above defcnbed cannot be delivered into or transmitted to their Office within the Time prescribed by the said Act, together with such Vouchers and Authorities in support thereof as will enable them to proceed to the Examination and Audit of the said Account, and that the Sendee Account will be ready for Delivery or Transmission within a reasonable Time to be by them fixed, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners in every such Case, to dispense with the Delivery or Transmission of the Cash Account required by the before-mentioned - Adi.

CAP. XL.

An Add to alter the Practice of Courts of Equity, in Suits ih which Members of Parliament are Defendants.

[8tli Augujl 1807.]

THAT Justice may be administered more equally in point of Expence, amongst His MajeflyV Subjects; be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thisprefent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the palling of this Act, when any Bill of Complaint or Information shall be exhibited in any Court of Equity, against any Knight, Citizen, or Burgess, of the House of Commons, it shall not be necessary to leave a Copy of the Bill or Information with the Defendant, or at his House or Lodging, or lafl Place of Abode, as is now used and practised; but it ffiall be lawful for the Person or Persons exhibiting l'uch Bill or Information to proceed, for want of Appearance or Answer, to fequeflrate the Real and Personal Estate of such Knight, Citizen, or Burgess of the House of Commons, although no Copy of the Bill or Information ffiall have been left with him, or at his House or Lodging, or lafl Place of Abode, in the same Manner as he might before the passing of this Adi have proceeded, after such Defendant had had a Copy of the Bill or Information delivered to him, or left at his House or Lodging, or lafl Place of Abode*

3 b 4

CAP.

Commissioners empowered to enlarge the Time for delivering in Accounts.

Gommiffione'-s in certain Case* may dispense with the Production of Calli Accounts.

( See 46 G- 3. c. 141. § 8.)

When any Bill ftial] be exhibited in a Court of Equity against a Member of the House of Commons, it fltal! not be necessary to leave a Copy thereof with the Defendant before Sequeftation for Non-appearance,

37$	C.4i.	47®GEO. III. Seff.2.	A.D.	1807.

CAP. XLI.

An Act to enable the East Lidia Company to raise Money upon Bond instead of increasing their Capital Stock.

[8th Augujl 1807.]

4 ^T/'HEREAS by virtue of an Aft, made in the Thirty-third 33 G* 3. c. 47.	< v V Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act

*	for plying the Stock, called East India Annuities, under the Manage-

*	metit of the Governor ar.d Company of the Bank of England, and

* ingrafting the same on the Three Pounds per Centum Reduced 4 Annuities, in Redemption of a Debt of Four Millions Two hundred 4 thousand Pounds, owing by the Public to the East India Company ; and c for enabling the said Company to raise a Sum of Money by a further 4 Jncreafe of their Capital Stock, to be applied in Discharge of certain 4 Debts of the said Company ; and by virtue of another Aft, made

*	in the Thirty-fourth Year of His said Majesty’s Reign, intituled,

34 G. 3. c. 41.	« jiff f0 empower the East India Company to continue a Bond Debt of

4 Two Millions, and to increase the same by a further Sum as Circum-4 fiances may require, the said Company are authorized and empowered 9 to raise Money upon Bonds under their Common Seal, and to con-4 tinue a Bond Debt to the Amount of Three Millions of Pounds 4 Sterling, and no more: And Whereas by an Aft, made in the 37 G. 3. c. 31.	« Thirty-feventh Year of His said Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An AB

9 to enable the East India Company to raise Money by further increasing 4 their Capital Stock ; and to extend the Prcvi/ions now exifing refpeBing 4 the present Stock of the Company to the said increased Stock ; the said 4 United Company were authorized and empowered to raise Money 4 by enlarging their then present Capital Stock or Fund of Six 4 Millions of Pounds, to any Sum or Sums not exceeding the further € Sum of Two Millions Capital Stock, so that their whole Capital e Stock should not exceed the Capital Sum of Eight Millions; but 4 the said United Company have not yet enlarged their Capital Stock 4 underand by virtue of the Powers contained in the said last men-4 tionedAft: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Company 1 should be permitted to increase their Bond Debt by a further Sum,

*	not exceeding Two Millions Sterling, as Circumstances may require, 4 instead of increasing their Capital Stock May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Company may Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it borrow on Bond fhalland may be lawful to and for the said Company, by and with the any further Sum Approbation and Consent of the Board of Commissioners for the ^ocTooJ*1^ Affairs of India for the Time being, at any Time or Times hereafter, *	)	to borrow, upon Bonds to be issued under their Common Seal, any

further Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Two Millions Sterling, over and above fiich Sum and Sums as the said Company can now lawfully raise on their Bonds, and to apply the Money so to be borrowed and raised for such Purposes as, under and by virtue of the said Aft of the Thirty-feventh Year of His said Majesty’s Reign, the Money to be raised by enlarging the Capital Stock of the said Company is applicable; any Thing contained in the said recited Aft, or in any other Aft; notwithstanding.

II. Provided

A

Hosted by

A.D.1807.	47° GEO. III. Seff.2. '	€.41,42.

II.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That when the said Company shall have raised any Part of the Money which they are hereby authorized to raise by Bond, then so long as such further Bond Debt, or any Part thereof, shall continue, all the Money thereafter to be raised by enlarging the Capital Stock of the said United Company, under and by virtue of the said Aft palled in the Thirty-feventh Year of His Majesty’s Reign, shall be applied towards the Reduction of the Bond Debt of the said United Company, until it shall be reduced to the Sum which the said Company may now lawfully raise by Bond ; and in case the said Company shall enlarge their Capital Stock, under and by virtue of the said Aft palled in the Thirty-feventh Year of His Majesty’s Reign, before they shall have, increased their Bond Debt under the Authority of this Aft, that then the Sum which they are hereby empowered to raise on Bond shall be reduced by the Sum of Two hundred Pounds Sterling, in respect of every One hundred Pounds Capital Stock so enlarged, and so in Proportion for a greater or less Amount of the Capital Stock which shall have been created.

6C Public Aft. § 3.

CAP. XLII.

An Act to continue, until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and ten, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and amend an Aft of the Forty-fecond Year of His present Majesty, for more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace in such Parts of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey as lie in and near the Metropolis ; and for the more etfeftual Prevention of Felonies.	[8th	Augujl	1807.]

42G.3.^.76. recited ; and further continued till June 1, i8io,&c.§i*

II.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That, from and after the palling of this Aft, in lieu and inllead of the Sum of Sixteen Shillings per Week, by the said recited Aft specified as the full Sum to be paid for the Trouble and Attendance of the Confla-bles, it shall be lawful to pay to such Constables, for such Trouble and Attendance, any Sum not exceeding Eighteen Shillings; any Thing in the said recited Aft to the contrary notwithstanding.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That nothing in the said recited Acts or this Aft contained shall extend to alter or vary the Application of any Penalty or Forfeiture to be incurred, inffisted, paid, or levied, for any Offence or Offences which shall be committed against an Aft,■ passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of Elis present Majesty, intituled, An Act for. rendering more commodious and for better regulating the Port of London, or against any other Aft or Acts made for altering, amending, or enlarging the Powers of the said laft-mentioned Aft ; but that the said Penalties and Forfeitures respectively, when received, shall be applied as directed in and by the said Aft passed in the Thirty-ninth Year aforesaid, in the same Manner in every refpebt as if the said recited Acts and this Aft had not been made.

CAP.

377

Money raised by Increase of Capital, shall be applied in Discharge of Bond Debts.

Eighteen Shillings per Week, to be paid Constables for their Trouble.

Not to affebt the Application ot Penalties incurred under ?Q G. 3. c. hi** & c.

37s

c-43> 44'

47* GEO. III. ScfT. 2.

A.D.1807

31 G. 3. c. S5-

fur ettablilTiing the Sierra Leone Company, and enabling them to receive a Giant of certain PolTef-jhons from His Majesty.

CAP. XLIIL

An Adi to revive and continue, until the End of the next. Sef-Ton of Parliament, ah Act of the Fotty-fixth Year of His present Majesty, for suspending Proceedings in Aliens and other Proceedings relating to the Woollen Manufacture*

[8th August 1807.]

44 46 G. 3. c. 18. continuing 45 G. 3. c. S3. (which continued 44 G. 3.

4k c.6’4. by which 43 G,3. c.136. was continued) revived and continued*

CAP* XLIV.

An A£t for transferring to PI is Majesty, certain Po(Tedious and Rights veiled in the Sierra Leone Company, and for fh or taring the Duration of the said Company j and for preventing any dealing or trafficking in the buying or felling of Slaves within the Colony of Sierre Leone.	[8th Augujl 1807.J

4 /HEREAS by an Ad, passed in the Thirty-firft Year of 4 V V His prefent-Mujelly *s Reign, intituled. An A3 for eJlabTfhing 4 a Company for carrying on Trade between the Kingdom of Great Bri-4 tain and the Goafs, Harbours, and Countries of Africa, and for en~

4 ailing the said Company to hold by Grant from His KLyefy, His Heirs 4 and iucceffors, and from the Native Princes of Africa, a certain DJlriB 4 of Land, commonly called The Peninsula of Sierra Leone, now vefed 4 in His Maiefy or belonging to the said Princes, for the better enabling 4 the said Company to carry on the said Trade, it was amongst other 4 Things enacted, That the several Persons therein named and de-4 icribed should be,'and they were thereby created one diftinCt and 4 separate Body Politic and Corporate* by the Name or Stile of The 4 Sierra Leone Company ; and it was also enacted, That it Should be '* lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, to make unto the 4 said Company a Grant, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of 4 Great Britain, of so much and such Part of all that Tract or

*	DillnCt of Land, situate and being at Sierra Leone on the Coall of 4 Africa, and commonly called or known by the Name or Defcrip-

*	tion of The Peninsula of Sierra Leone, as then already might have,

4 or should thereafter, by any Grant, Purchase, or Cefiion from any 4 of the Kings, Princes, or Chiefs, having Right, become veiled in 4 His Majesty, His Heirs or SuccefTors, with Power and Liberty to 4 and for the said Company to purchase of and from all Kings,

4 Princes, and Chiefs, or other Persons having Right to make Sale

*	thereof, so much Land as should include the whole Tract or Dillridt 4 so commonly called or known by the Name of The Peninsula of 4 Sierra LeGne as aforesaid, to hold the same to the said Company and 4 their AiTigns, upon such Terms, Conditions, and Reservations, as 4 His Majesty, His Pleirs and SuccefTors, should judge expedient; 4 and it was thereby further enacted, That the said Act should take 4 place and have continuance from the First Day of July One thousand 4 ieven hundred and ninety-one, for the Tertn of Thirty-one Years, 4 and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament: And 4 Whereas by Letters Patent, bearing Date the Fifth Day of July 4 in the Forty-full Year of His Majesty’s Reign, His Majesty, by

4 virtule„

A.D.1807.

379

470 GEO. III. Se^ 2.	C.	44.

‘ virtue and in pursuance of the said Act, did give and grant unto

*	the laid Company, their SuccefTors and Assigns, the aforesaid Tract ‘ and District of Land, with Liberty and Privilege to purchase Lands

*	in addition thereto as aforesaid, all which Lands His Majesty by 4 the said Letters Patent did make, ere61, and create one independent ■* and separate Colony, by the Name of The Colony of Sierra Leoney 4 and did ordain, will, and eilablish, that the Court of Diredlors of the 4 said Company assembled for that Purpose should and might make,

4 enadl, and declare Laws, Statutes, and Ordinances fit and neceftary 4 for and concerning the Government of the said Colony, and might 4 appoint a Governor and Council for the Government of the said 4 Colony ; and His Majesty did give and grant that there should be

*	within the Town of Free Town one Body Politic and Corporate,

4 by the Name and Stile of The Mayor and Aldermen of Free Town>

4 with Power to hold a Court of Record, by the Name of The Mayor's 4 Court of Free Town, and divers other Officers to assist in the Admi-

*	niftration of Julfice, and in the Government of the said Colony,

4 under the Superintendance and Controul of the Court of Directors 4 of the said Company : And Whereas the said Company, convinced 4 of the Expediency of relinquifiling the Government and Manage-4 ment of the said Colony, have expressed a Befire to make, and 4 have humbly intreated His Majesty to accept a Surrender to His 4 Majesty of all the Tract or District of Land granted to them by 4 the said Letters Patent, or of which the said Company are possessed,

4 or which they do now enjoy by Purchase or otlierwife, in Ad-4 dition to^the said Lands so granted to the said Company ; and they 4 are further desirous that their Existence as a Body Politick and 4 Corporate should cease and determine within such Period of Time,

4 (liorter than that limited and declared in and by the said Statute, as

*	is’deemed by the said Company sufficient for them to fettle their 4 Affairs ; for confirming and giving Eftedl to such intended Surren-4 der, and for limiting the Duration of the said Company:’ May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majeity, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Letters Patent and Grant, and every Matter, The Letters Clause, and Thing therein contained, shall, and the same are hereby Patent granting declared to be henceforth null and void ; and the said Company shall ^Licl?

be, and they are hereby divested of and from all that Tract or District a^^ec same*

of Land commonly called and known by the Name or Description of shall vest in

The Peninsula of Sierra Leone> and all Foits, Castles, Buildings, or KbMajtfly*

Estate, which have been iince purchased or otherwise acquired by

the said Company in addition thereto, or which now are poftefied

or claimed by the said Company in or about the said Peninsula; and

the said Tract or District of Land, and all Forts, Castles, Buildings,

or Estate so purchased or otherwise acquired, poftefied, enjoyed, or

claimed by the said Company, shall henceforth be, and the same

and every of them are and is hereby declared and enacted to be fully

and absolutely veiled in His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeifors, for

ever.

II.	And be it further enacted, That, at the Expiration of Seven sierra Leone

Years from and after the passing ol this Adi, the said Sierra Leone Company foal!

fomoany shall cease to be a Body Politick and Corporate, to all determine i»

Seven Ye-u-s.

3	Intents,

Hosted byCjOO^lC

Governor of the Coloi.y shall decide what Buildings, are to be furrcndcred and vetted in His Majesty.

Dealing in Slaves in the Colony of Sierra Leone prohibited.

C. 44,45.	47®	GEO.	III.	Seff.2.	A.D. 1807.

Intents, Conftru&ions, and Purposes whatsoever ; any Thing in the said A£t to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

III.	And be it further enabled, That in case any Difference shall arise respecting any Building or Buildings as aforesaid, whether the same is or are such as within the Meaning of this Act are to be fur-rendered by the said Company, and veiled in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, it shall and may be lawful for the Governor that shall be appointed by His Majesty for the Government of the said Colony, or in his Absence for the Lieutenant Governor, and he is hereby authorized and required, after due Examination of the Matter, to determine whether any such Building or Buildings is or are to be surrendered and vested in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or to remain in the Pofteffion of the said Company ; and such Determination shall be final.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever, inhabiting, or being, or who shall at any Time hereafter inhabit or be within the-faid Peninsula or Colony of Herr a Leone, either dire6lly or indire£tly to deal or traffick in, buy or fell, or to be aiding or assisting iii the dealing or trafficking in the buying or felling of Slaves, either within the said Peninsula or elsewhere.

CAP. XLV.

An A cl to enable Plis Majesty to grant to Her Majesty the Queen a Capital Meftuage called Frogmore, and divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Parishes of New Windsor and Old Windsor, in the County of Berks, and a Piece of Land in Wyrothjbury, in the County of Bucks, for a Term of Ninety-nine Years, if Her Majesty and the Princestes, Her Five younger Daughters, or any of them, shall so long live, for and in lieu of Her Majesty’s present Terms and Interest therein ; and also to make Exchanges. [8th Augujl 1807.]

tc Recital of Letters Patent, dated December 14, 1786, granting “ Frogmore House to R. Neville Neville Esq.—Letters Patent, dated-“ February 5, 1771, granted to S. Waller Esq. Great Frogmore.— <c Letters Patent, dated Augujl 14, 1786, granting to Ann Eger ton ‘ ‘ Great Frogmore.—Letters Patent, dated December 14, 1 / 86, granting <c to R. Neville Neville, Esq. Shaw Farm.—The Premises contained “ in the recited Letters Patent have been assigned in Trust for Her Majesty.—His Majesty empowered, by Letters Patent, to grant “ in Trust for Her Majesty the Premises comprised in the recited “ Letters Patent, for 99 Years, &c. at a Rent of «^8i. 15*. ?d. § I. “ —All Estate and Interest of Her Majesty under the former Letters “ Patent shall cease, § 2.—His Majesty may, by Letters Patent, ec grant in Trust for Her Majesty, &c. any Lands belonging to His “ Majesty in Right of His Crown, convenient to be enjoyed with the “ Premises above mentioned, in Exchange for any Part of Premises,. iC granted under this Acl, § 3, 4,5.—Inftrument of Exchange shall be enrolled in the Auditor’s Office for Berks, § 6.—Money arising “ by such Exchange shall be paid into the Exchequer, and applied C( as Mues of the Land Revenue of the Crown, § 7. i

CAP.

A.D. 1807.

470 GEO. III. Seff.2.	C.46.

CAP. XLVI.

An A6F to repeal certain Frovifions of an A6h, paffecl in the Forty-fixth Year of His present Majesty, for inquiring into the State of IVindfor ForeJ?, in the County of Berks, and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Forest, and of the Lands of the Crown within the same *9 and to amend the said A6L	[Sth August 1807.]

HE REAS an Act was passed in the Forty-Gxth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled. An Act for enquir- Ri - ^

1 ing into the -State of Windsor Forest, in. the County of Berks, and § 2, 3. repealed

* for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Foreji, and of the Lands ^

* of the Crown within the same : And Whereas it is by the said Act ™)cl p^n)tv of5 * c enabled, That every Person having any Claims, Rights, and Pri- not producing

*	vileges, in, through, or over the said Forest, or any Part thereof, Documents.

*	who shall not deliver to the Commissioners under the said Act, within ( such Period as shall be prescribed by them, an Account in Writing c of all such Claims, Rights, and Privileges, shall be barred and

excluded therefrom; and that every Person who fhallrefufe to appear,

*	or to produce any Records, Court Rolls, or Documents, called for

*	or required by the Commissioners under the said A£l, shall forfeit for

*	every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less c than Forty Shillings; and it is expedient that the said Provisions { should be repealed May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enabled by the King’s moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the pafllng of this Act, the said recited Provisions in the said recited Act of the Forty-fixth Year aforesaid, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

II.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners Commissioners to call before them any Person or J erfons to give may call before Evidence, for the Purpose of the Enquiry diredfed by the said Act ; thc,n Persons and any Person being duly summoned, and refuting to appear or to be j^aity'on” C* examined, without reasonable Excuse for such Refusal, shall forfeit refufmg to be any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings, examined,

to be recovered and applied as is in the said Act directed : Provided 51* to always, that no Person so to be examined shall be compelled or compellable to answer to any Matter or Thing by «which any Interect,

Right, or Privilege, claimed by such Person so to be examined may be liable to be impeached : Provided also, that all Persons so summoned as Witnesses as aforesaid, final! have such reasonable Allowance for their Expences and Loss of Time (if the Situation and Cfrcumftances of,the Persons make such Allowance proper) as the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, shall in their Discretion think fit.

III.	And be it further enacted, That if any One or more of the KisM.fiefty may Commissioners appointed in pursuance of the said Act shall depart this appoint new Life, or shall decline to act as a Commifiioner, it shall be lawful for Commissioners His Majesty from Time to Time to supply the Place of any Commif- on Vacancies, floner so dying or declining to act, and for that Purpose to issue or

jfaufe to be iifued? One or more pew Coinmiilion or Commifijons under

f	thq

38j

A.D. i BOyfr

C-4^47-	47®	GEO.	III.	SelT.	2.

the Great Seal of the said United Kingdom, and thereby to appoint some other Person or Persons to be a Commissioner or Commissioners for putting the said Adi into Execution, in the Place of the Commissioner or Commissioners so dying or ueclining to act as aforesaid, and the Person named in such new Commission or Commifiions shall from thenceforth he Commissioner or Commissioners for that Purpose, and have the same Powers and Authorities as if he had been named as a Commissioner in the said Adi.

CAP. XLVII•

An Adi to grant certain Duties on Callicoes, Mullins, Cotton Yarn, and Cotton Twill, of the Manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland refpediively, oil their Importation into either Country from the other, according to the Regulations contained in the Adis for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland.	[8th Augujl 1807.]

*	7	PEREAS	by	the	Adis	made	in	the Parliaments of Great

4 V V Britain and Ireland refpediively, for the Union of Great f Britain and Ireland, it is amongil other Things enacted, that Calli-

*	coes and Muflins the Manufacture of either Country, shall on their

*	Importation into either Country from the other, be subject and c liable to the Duties payable on the same at the Time of the palling of 4 the said Adis, on the Importation thereof from Greet Britain into

*	Ireland, until the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred 4 and eight, and that from and after the said Day, the said Duties

*	(hall be annually reduced by equal Portions as near as may he in 4 each Year, so as that the said Duties shall Hand at Ten Pounds per c Centum from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight 4 hundred and lixteen, until the Fifth Day of January One thousand

*	eight hundred and twenty-one; and that Cotton Yarn and Cotton

*	Twill shall on their Importation into either Country from the other,

*	be subject and liable to the Duties payable upon the same at the f Time of the palling of, the said Acts, on the Importation thereof

*	from Great Britain into Ireland, until the Fifth Day of January K One thousand eight hundred and eight ; and from and after the said 4 Day, the said Duties fnall be annually reduced by equal Proportions,

4 as near as may be in each Year, so as that all Duties shall cease on the 4 said Articles from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand

*	eight hundred and sixteen be it therefore enacted by the King’s moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia-

After Jjn. 5, ment assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and 1808, the Duties after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eight, Schedule	there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the

be pnid on the	Ufe of His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeftors, in ready Money

Importation of without any Discount whatever, upon and in respect of Callicoes, British and Irilh Mullins, Cotton Yarn, and Cotton Twill, the Manufacture of Great ^ther°Cou t° Britain and Ireland refpediively, on their Importation into either Country from the other refpediively, the several and relpedtive Dutie* jnferted, described, and fet forth, in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and that the said Duties on Callicoes and Muflins shall remain in force,

aftd

AX>. 1807.

470 GEO. III. SefT.s.	C47.	3

and be payable until and upon the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty-one ; and that the said Duties on Cotton Yarn and Cotton Twifi shall remain in force, and be payable until and upon the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen and no longer, according to the respective Amounts of •the said Duties in the said Schedule mentioned and fet forth, and that all the said Duties shall be in lieu and full Satisfaction of all Duties due and payable upon the Importation of the said Articles, under or by virtue of any A Cl or Alls of Parliament in force at the Time of the palling of this ACL

II.	And be it further enacted, That the Duties in the said Sche- HowDiitict dule mentioned, specified, and fet forth on Callicoes, in refpeCl of Anil he each Yard thereof, and on Mufiins in refpeCl of each Square Yard ®(timated. thereof, and on Cotton in refpeCl of each Hundred Weight thereof, shall be estimated and calculated, and shall be paid according to the Amount thereof in Irish Currency; and that the Duties in the said Schedule mentioned, on Callicoes, Mufiins, and Cotton Twill, in refpeCl of every One hundred Pounds of the Value thereof, shall be estimated and calculated, and lliall be paid according to the Amount thereof in Jrjfh Currency, in all Cases where such Value shall be estimated in Irish Currency ; and where such Value shall be estimated in British Currency, the said Duties shall be estimated, calculated, and paid, according to the Amount thereof in Briti/h Currency ; and that such of the said Duties as shall be levied, colleCted, and paid in Ireland, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland; and that such of the said Duties as shall be levied, colleCled, and paid in Great Britain, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

Duties shall be unde? the Management of the Commissioners of

Cufioms in Ireland, England, and Scotland refpeClively. § 3.

SCHEDULE

OJ

OO

ofeo

O

o

n

SCHEDULE to which this A£t refers.

p

SCHEDULE of Duties payable on Calicoes and Mullins, and on Cotton Yarn and Cotton Twill, the Manufacture of Great

Britain and Ireland respectively, on their Importation into either Country from the other.	V

>

																								From and 1

	For the Yeai			For the Year			For the Year			For the Year			For the Year			For the Year		For the Year			ror	the Year		after the 5th

	ending 5th			ending 5th			ending		5 th	ending 5th			ending 5th			ending «Jth		ending 5th			ending 5th			Jan.1816,

	Jan. 1809,			Jan. 1810.			Jan. 1811.			Jan.1812.			Jnn. 1813.			Jan. i!	814-	Jan. 1815.			Jan. 1816.			until 5th J n. 1821.

CALICOES.			d.	£																				

Plain White, for every <£ioo of	£	S.			S.	d.	£	s.	d.	£	s.	d.	£	s.	J.	£ i.	</.	£	s.	d.	£	s,		£ j. d.

the Value - -	12	8		11	2		II	16	0%	11	10		11	4	°<5	IO 18	oi	10	12	0*	10	6	°{	0 0 0

And further, the Yard - -	0	0	7I	0	O	H	0	O	51	0	0	4?	0	0	3$	0 0	2*	0	O	i?	0	0	of	

Printed, painted, or Gained, the																								

Yard -	O	1	**	0	I	*4	0	I	o*	0	0	11	0	0	9}	0 0	8	0	O		0	0	5	OOO

For every £ioo of the Value	O	0	0	0	O	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0 0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	10 0 0

MUSLINS.																								

Worked or figured, hut not )		8																						

pii-ited or Rained, for every /■	12			12	2	OJ	II	l6		11	10		11	4		TO l8	o|	10	12	°9	10	6		7

£ ioo of the Value - - )																								>10 00

And further, the fquareYard	O	0	1 <*	0	O		0	O	51	p	0	4$	0	0		0 0	2$	0	O	if	0	0	o|	i

Plain White, the square Yard -	O	0	11	O	O	10	0	O	9	0	0	8	0	0	7	0 p	6	0	O	5	0	0	4	0 0 0

For every <£iooof the Value	O	0	0	O	O	0	0	O	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0 0	0	0	O	0	0	0	0	10 0 0

COTTON YARN, theCwt. - -All Spun Cotron, -v	0	i8‘	*1!	Q	15		0	13	8*	0	II	4»	0	9	\ j6	0 C		0	4	«£	0	2		>Free.

Thread, or Cotton j For every *) Tvvifi, in Skeans or ><£100 of >	II	5	JO?	9	17	74v	8	9	4S	7	I	i5	5	12		4 4	8|	2	16	5$	1	8	4{	

																								J

Hanks, and not in J theValue)j Cops - *																								

																								

4k

CO

CD

Pi

>

b

M

CO

o

A.D.i8o7«

47° GEO. III. Seff. 2.

0.48,49.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act to continue until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and eight, several Adds for the better Collection and Security of the Revenues of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein.

[8th August 1807.]

ic Ir'ijh Acts, 37 G. 3. c. 42. , for regulating the Tobacco Trade—

44 37 O. 3. c. 52. for regulating the Import, &c. of Coffee—38 G. 3.

44 c. 24. so far as relates to the Duties on Ghfs Bottles—40 G. 3.

44 c. 9. for the Collection of the Duties on Hides and Skins, See.—•

<e 40 G. 3. c. 2c. for regulating the Payment of Bounties—40 G. 3.

44 c.62. so far as relates to the Duties on Playing Cards, &c—and 44 also 40 G. 3. c. 68. for granting Permits—and A CD of. United 44 Parliament, 43 G. 3. r. 97. § 4— 8. relating to Permits, and § 24.

44 to Tanners, and 44 G. 3. c. 103. § 16, 17. relating to Permits—

44 recited and further continued till Sept. 29, 1808, § 1.— Recited 44 ACls may be altered or repealed this Session. §2.

CAP. XLIX.

An A Cl for allowing a Drawback on certain Linens exported from Great Britain to the West Indies. ,[8th A.uguji 1807.]

4	; HEREAS by an Act, made in the Forty-fifth Year of the

4 V V Reign of Hisprefent Majesty, intituled. An Ad fr increafng ^	^	c.	^8,

4 the Drawback on Linens exported from Great Britain to the Welt 4 Indies, a Drawback was allowed on Foreign Linens exported,

4 which, by an Act made in the Forty-fixth Year of the Reign of 4 His present Majesty, intituled. An Act to amend an Aft, passed in the g. 3.W. 114.

4 lajl Session of Parliament, for increefing the Drawback on Linen 4 exported from Great Britain to the West Indies, was restrained to * Linens checqued or striped : And Whereas in an Act. made in the 4 Forty-fixth Year of His present Majesty, for granting additional ^ q. 3. c. 42.

4 Duties of Customs during the War, Provision was not made for 4 allowing the Drawback on Foreign Linens of the Description last 4 mentioned f be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be paid and allowed, on the E.?porra« on the due Exportation from Great Britain to any Island belonging to tiuo of chequed His Majesty in the Wef Indies, (in which Description the Bahama ^,ncns <o the Islands and the Bermuda or Somers If nds are included) of German ^Ve^.pn<:!’es’ a and Ruffian Linen, checquered or striped, the Thread or Yarn of ^dd!riop.U° * * which the same is made being coloured, llained, or dyed before the Duces Manufacture thereof, which shall be duly entered for Exportation under 46 G. 3. accordingly, a Drawback of the Whole of the additional Duties of c,4-- ,hail be-Cuftoms imposed by the said laft-mentioned Act: any Thing in the al!owed* said Act to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always. That the Drawback of the Duties of Customs hereby allowed shall be paid and allowed in such and the like Manner, and under all the Rules,

Regulations, and ReftriCtions, as the former Drawbacks on any such Goods were paid and allowed ; and that all the Sains, Penalties and Forfeitures applicable thereto by any Act or ACls in force on orimme-47 Geo. III.	C c	diately

336

C. 49, 50.	470 GEO. III. Seff. 2.	A.D. 1807,

diately before the pafling of this Aft, shall be extended to the Pur-pofes of this Aft, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes., as if the same were repeated and re-enafted in the Body of this Aft, and made Part thereof.

Irith A<fi,

5 G. 3. c.20.

Recited Act exrended to Counties of Cities and Towns in Ireland.

Grand Juries of such Cities, See. make Preferments for the Support of such Eitablifliments.

If 500I. or more be raised by publick. Sub-feription for an

CAP. L.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the Parliament of Irela?td in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for erecting and establishing Publick Infirmaries or Hospitals in Ireland.	[8th	Augud	1807.]

C	by	an Aft, made in the Parliament of Ireland in

< V V the Filth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, c An Act for erecting and ejlablijhing Publick Infirmaries or Hospitals in c this Kingdom, it is enacted, that in the several and respective Coun-c ties therein mentioned, Publick Infirmaries or Hospitals shall be 1 erested, and established and supported, in Manner in the said Aft * mentioned : And Whereas it is expedient to extend the Provisions t of the said recited Aft be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. That, from and after the palling of this Aft, the said recited Aft, and all the Provisions therein contained, for the eresting, establishing, and fup-porting of Publick Infirmaries or Hospitals in Counties, shall be extended andconftrued to extend to all Counties of Cities, and Counties of Towns in Ireland, for the erecting and establishing of a Publick Infirmary or Hospital, wherein no special Provision has been made by any Aft or Acts of Parliament in force in Ireland at the Time of the pafling of this Aft ; and that the Surgeon of every such Publick Infirmary or Hospital, to be erected in any such County of a City or County of a Town under the said recited Aft and this Aft, shall be appointed and paid in like Manner as the Surgeons to the County Infirmaries or Hospitals in the said Aft .mentioned; and that the Grand Jury of any such County of a City or County of a Town in which any Publick Infirmary or Hospital shall be so erected or established, shall make such Preferments from Time to Time for the Support of such Hospitals as Grand Juries under the said recited Aft are empowered to do ; and that all other Matters and Things in the said recited Aft, or in any other Aft contained, relating to the County Infirmaries or Hospitals in the said Aft mentioned, shall ex« tend and be applied in the eresting, establishing, supporting, and managing of such Infirmaries in Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns in Ireland, as fully and effectually as if all such Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns had been mentioned in the said recited Aft and included therein by Name.

II. And be it further enacted, That if it shall happen within Twelve Months after the pafling of this Aft, that in any County of a City or County of a Town in Ireland any Sum of Money amounting to

Infirmary, Lord Five hundred Pounds at the least shall be raised and advanced by a Publick Subscription, or otherwise, for the Purpose of eresting, establishing, and maintaining a Publick Infirmary or Hospital in such County of a City or County of a Town; and such Sum of Money shall be deposited in the Hands of theTreafurer of the said County

of

Lieu'.enant may direct Tie a fury to <tdd thereto an equivalent Sum, nor exceeding 1,50c!. See.

Hosted by

387

A.D.T807.	47° GEO. in. Seir.2.	C.50.

of a City or County of a Town, or in the Bank of Ireland, in the Name of such Treasurer; it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being to order and direct the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or the Commissioners fim executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, to issue and pay out of the Consolidated Fund to the said Treasurer of such County of a City or Town, or into the said Bank in the Name of the said Treasurer, a Sum of Money equal in Amount to such Subscription so deposited, but not exceeding in any Case the Sum of One thousand five hundred Founds, to be paid and applied for the Furpofe of erecting and eftablifiling such Infirmary or Hospital, in such Sums and at such Times, and in such Manner and Propor- <

•tions, and under such Rules, Regulations, Terms, and Conditions ; and to annex any such Forfeitures for Breach of such Rules, Regulations, Terms, and Conditions, as to such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, shall -feem bell suited for promoting the beneficial Turpofes of this Act ; and after any such Infirmary or Hospital ill all be fit for the Reception of Patients, the Grand Jury of the County of a City or County of a Town in which the same shall be erected and eilablished, shall and may yearly present such bum and Sums of Money as the Grand Juries of Counties are by the said recited Adi empowered and directed to present, to be applied in such Manner as in the said recited Acl or any other Adi or Acts in force in Ireland, is mentioned and di-redted with refpedi* to the County Infirmaries or Kofpitals in the said recited Adi mentioned.

III.	And be it further enacted, That every Donor of any Sum, Donors of Hot less than Twenty Guineas, to any Infirmary or Hospital to be Twen'y Guineas erected and established under this Adi in any County of a City or |]QaJ jjfcf1** County of a Town in Ireland, shall, from the Time of such Donation ancj ,,f Three be one of the Governors or Governeffes, and a Member of the Body Guineas for One Corporate or Corporation for such respective Infirmary or Hospital ^ear* during Life ; and every Person who shall subscribe and pay any Sum

not less than Three Guineas, for the Use of such Infirmary or Hospital, shall be a Governor or Governess, and flia.ll be a Member of the Body Corporate or Corporation for fucli respective Infirmary or Hospital, for One Year from the Day of the Payment of such Subscription.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That such Donors and Subscribers Directors flr.it so being Governors and Governeffes of any such Infirmary or Hofpi- be at tal in any County of a City or County of a Town under this Adi ^ceti

as aforesaid, shall, from Time to Time annually at such Time of the Year as shall be appointed for that Furpose, at a General Meeting of such Governors and Governeffes, ehoofe and elect from among them-felves Twelve Persons, who, in Conjundlion with the Archbilhop of Armagh for the Time being, the Lord High Chancellor of Ireland for the Time being, and the Biiliop of the Diocese and Redior and Vicar of each Parish within such County of a City or Town for the Time being, in which such Infirmary or Hospital shall be situated, shall be Diredlors of the Corporation for such respective infirmary or Hospital for the Year next ensuing such Election ; and such Diredlors shall for such Year have all such Powers and Authorities in and for the Management, Governance, and Direction of such Infirmary or Hospital in such City or Town respectively, as are given to

C c 2	-	or

388

C. jo—53.	470 GEO. III. Seff. 2. A.D.	1807.

Preferments shall not exceed lool. a Year.

Aft shall not affect Infirmaries already

established, &c.

Grand Jury may present Amount of Savings, Stc. in Treafurcrs Hands, to be expended, on Infirmaries.

39 G- 3. c. 100.

47 G. j.

Self. 1. c. 4S.

or vested in the Governors and Governefies of any Corporation for any Infirmary or Hospital under the said recited Adi.

V* And be it further enacted, That no Sum or Sums shall be presented by any Grand Jury under the Authority of this Adi and the said recited Adi, tor the Support of any such Infirmary or Hospital, in any County of a City or County of a Town in Ireland, exceeding the Amount of One hundred Pounds in any One Year ; and that all Sums so presented shall be raised on such County of a City or County of a Town, by an AfTeffment on Houses according to the Valuation of the same, for the Payment of Ministers Money, in such Manner as such Grand Jury shall from Time to Time order and dire A.

VI,	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing contained in this Adi shall extend or be construed to extend to, or alter the Mode of AfTeffment hitherto in use for the Purposes of any Hoipital or Infirmary established previous to the pafiing of this Adi ; nor to authorize the establishing of any Hospital or Infirmary within any County of a City or Town wherein an Hospital or Infirmary shall have been established, previous to the pafiing of this Adi.

VII.	And be it further enacted. That whenever it shall happen that any Sum of Money heretofore presented or hereafter to be presented to be raised in any County of a City or County of a Town in Ireland for any Purpose whatever, shall not be expended agreeable to such Presentment and accounted for within the Time prefevibed by Law, or within a reasonable Time after such Presentment shall have been made, or whenever any Saving may be made on any Presentment, it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of such County of a City or County of a Town, to re-prefent such Sum of Money then in the Treasurer’s Hands, or the Amount of any such Saving, to be expended in the establishing and maintaining of any Infirmary or Hospital within the said County of a City or County of a Town re-fpedlively, over and above all such Sum or Sums, as the said Grand Jury are by this Adi or the said recited Adi empowered to present for such Infirmary or Hospital as aforesaid, and such Sum of Money so re-prefented shall be expended in the establishing and maintaining such Infirmary or Hospital accordingly.

CAP. LI.

An Act to revive and continue* until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight* an Adi of the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Brit iff Fisheries.

[8th Augufi 1807.]

CAP. LII.

An Acl to repeal so much of an Adi of the last SefiTon of Parliament as relates to the Payment of Duty on Coffee and Cocoa Nuts when exported from the Warehouse in which the same shall have been secured.	[8th	Augujl	1807.]

* \I^7HEREAS by an Adi of the last Sefiion of Parliament, < V V intituled, An Act to repeal so much of certain Acts, as relates ( to the Regulations or Conditions under which Coffee, Cocoa Nutsy l	‘	Sugarj

Hosted by Got e

389

A.D. 1807.	470GEO. III. Self. 2.	C.52,53.

4 Sugar, and Rice, (not being the Produce, of the East Indies) are 4 allowed to be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, and to 4 authorize the Collectors and Comptrollers of the Cujloms in His Ma-4 jejly’s Colonies and Plantations in America and the Well Indies, to 4 adminijler certain Oaths, all and each and every Act and A&6 of Par-4 liament in force on and immediately before the palling of an Act 4 made in the Forty-third Year of the R eign of Plis present Majesty,

4 intituled, An Act for permitting certain Goods imported into Great 43 G-3. *.131. ‘ Britain to be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, so far 4 as the same regard or relate to the Regulations under which Coffee,

4 Cocoa Nuts, Sugar and Rice (not being the Produce of the East 4 Indies) are allowed to be secured in Warehouses without Payment 4 of the full Duties of Customs due thereon at the Time of the first 4 Entry of such Goods respectively, was thereby	repealed : And

4 Whereas it is expedient to repeal so much of the	faid A£l of the

4 said last Sefilon of Parliament, as respects Coffee and Cocoa Nuts be it therefore enacted by the King’s moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act of	the last Sefilon	47	G. 3.	ScfT.	1.

of Parliament shall be, and the same is hereby repealed,	as far as refpects	c- 48- repealed,

Coffee and Cocoa Nuts.	t0	an*

Cocoa Nuts.

44 If since July 5, 1807, any Entries shall have been made, and Duties 44 paid, the Commissioners of the Customs may direct Re-payment of 44 the Duty, See. § 2.

CAP. LIII.

An A£t to enable His Majesty’s Pollmafler General to open and return Letters directed to Hamburgh or other Places abroad, and which have been or shall have been returned or not sent.	[8th Augujl 1807.]

*	certain	Letters,	which	were	difpatched	from the

4 Vt General Poll Office in London in Mails made up on the 4 Eighteenth, Twenty-first, Twenty-fifth, and Twenty-eighth Days 4 of November One thousand eight hundred and fix, tor Hamburgh, and 4 were returned to the said General Poll Office by the Agent or 4 Agents of His Majesty’s Poll Mailer General, by reason that the 4 said Letters could not be delivered, and in order to prevent their 4 falling into the Hands of the Enemy are now remaining in the 4 said General Poll Office : And Whereas certain other Letters, 4 which were put into the said General Poll Office after the said 4 Twenty-eighth Day of November, in order to be forwarded by the 4 Mails to Hamburgh, Bremen, and Lubech, but which were not 4 sent from the said General Poll, by reason that the City of Ham-4 burgh was in the Possession of the Enemy, are now also remaining 4 in the said General Poll Office r And Whereas many of the Persons 4 by whom the said Letters refpedtiveiy were written, ligned, or sent, 4 have applied to His Majesty’s Poll Mailer General to have the 4 same returned to them ; and Doubts being entertained whether His 4 Majesty’s Poll Mailer General is authorized by Law to return the 4 same j’ be it therefore enacted, &c.

C c 3	44	Certain

3 9°

0 S3*

47° GEO. III. Seff.2.

A.D. i8oi

“ Certain returned Letters from Hamburgh, &c. may, on Applica-<c ticm within Three Months after pailing the Act, be delivered to “ the Persons claiming the lame, on their complying with the Regu “ lations herein mentioned, § i.—Perfons redding Abroad ma1

Port Matter General may keep Letters not claimed wuhin Thn e Months, till he receives Directions from One ot the Sect e-taries of State.

Persons applying

in behalf cf l! e Ives or oii u lor the }•': cturn ot L ttet s {hail taKc O-'th to the Truth of the Claim.

Form of Qalbi.'

^	may

<c have such Letters returned to their Correipondents in London9 <c &c. § 2.

III. And be it further enabled, That the said Post Matter Genera! shall and may, notwithstanding any Law, Statute, Custom, orUfage to the contrary, detain and keep in his Possession all and every such of tire said Letters, together with the Contents thereof respectively;,, as shall not within the Space of Three Calendar Months from the palling of this Act be required to be returned in Manner in this Adi mentioned, or under the Powers herein-after given, until he shall receive Directions from One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of Stale, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to forward the same respectively in His Majesty’s Mails of Letters, to the End that such Letters, and what may be contained therein respectively may be sent by Pell for the Persons respectively to whom the said Letters respectively are a dure fled, which Directions it is hereby declared it shall and may be lawful for any One of His .Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State to give, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, and which Directions the Post Master General is hereby required to, obey, or can ft to be obeyed.

IV And for the better ascertaining the Persons respectively by or from whom any Letter or Letters contained in the said Mails respectively were written or flgned, or sent, and for preventing Frauds in. the Delivery of the said Letters to Persons not entitled to receive the same, o: to require the same to be returned, be it further enacted, Ti-nt it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty’s Post Master General, or any Pen an or Persons authorized and empowered by him, in Writing under his Hand, to adminiiter an Oath or Oaths to. the Perioii or Persons applying for the Return of any such Letters as aforesaid, according to one of the Forms herein-after mentioned ; (that is to say),

4 Y A. B- do swear (or, being one of the People called Quakers, I A B. c. do lolemuly affirm), that 1 did write or. fend the Letter [or 4 Letters) now claimed by me to be returned to the Post Office, and 4 that the Name (or Names) subscribed in Writing, printed, fet, or 4 affixed to such Letter (or Letters) was (or were) subscribed, printed, € fet, or affixed to such Letter (or Letters) by me, or by my 4 Direction.’

c y A. B. do swear (or, being one of the People called Quakers, I 4 ^ A B. do solemnly affirm), that I am duly authorized by (C, D. 6 as the Case may be • to receive the Letter (or Letters) now claimed * to be returned to me on Behalf of the said (C, D. as the Case may be)9 4 and that the said (C. D, as the Case may be) did, to the bell of my r Kn wledge and Belief, write or lign, or fend the same to the Post 4 Office, and that the Name (or Names) subscribed in Writing, print-4 ed, fet, or affixed to such Letter 'or Letters) was (or werel*, ac~ 4 cording to the best of my Knowledge or Belief, so subscribed, 4 printed, fet, or affixed by or by the Authority of the said (C. ZL 4 as the Case may be,)’

HA.B.

A.D.1807.	47° GEO. III. Self. 2.	£.53,	391

T A.B* do swear, (or, being one of the People called Quakers, I A.B.

*	do solemnly affirm), that 1 did receive the Letter (or Letters)

< now applied for by me to be returned, and now produced and fhewn

*	untome, from my Correspondent (or Correspondents), who resides ‘ (orrefide) in Parts beyond the Seas, for the Purpose of being for-c warded by me by the Post from London, according to the Directions 1 of such Letter (or Letters), and that I did write or indorse, or caufe

*	to be written orindorsed, upon such Letter (or Letters) the Words € and Figures which now appear to be written orindorfed thereon, and

*	that I did put, or cause to be put, such Letter (or Letters) into

*	the General Post Office in London, in order to be forwarded by the f Post, according to the Direction of such Letter (or Letters).’

V.	And inasmuch as in the Execution of this present Act, it may Where Person* happen that some of the Persons who may apply for the Return of aPP!yinS f°r Letters may not be enabled to comply with the precise Forms hereby direCted, and probably cannot take the Oath or Oaths in the exaCt precifeForms Form or Forms of Words hereby required to be taken, on which required, the account the Post Matter General cannot, under the ReftriCtions herein- Secretary of State before contained, return all the Letters which shall be applied for to may §,ve be returned, notwithstanding that the Persons so applying may be t^Vons< well entitled to receive back such Letters, and that the true Intent and Meaning of this Act is that they ffiould be enabled so to receive them ; for Remedy whereof, be it further enacted, That in any Case where such Difficulty shall occur, it shall and may be lawful to and for any One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to direCt, order, require, and authorize the Post Master General to open and return any such Letter or Letters for which Application shall be made to be returned, and which cannot be returned under the Forms and ReftriCtions hereinbefore contained, upon such Person or Persons identifying the Letter or Letters, and making Oath in such Manner and Form as in such respective Warrant or Warrants shall be required and exprefted ; and the Post Master General is hereby empowered and required to execute, or cause to be executed, all such Orders and Directions, and to administer, or cause to be administered, such Oath and Oaths as shall in such respective Warrant or Warrants be exprefted or contained ; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons who Persons taking shall be convicted of wilfully taking a false Oath in any of the Cases faife Oaths liable in which Oaths are required to be taken by virtue of this Act, or in ro thc Penalties any Case wherein an Oath or Oaths shall, by virtue of a Warrant or of Peijury. Warrants under the Hand and Seal of such Principal Secretary of State be authorized and required to be taken, every such Person so taking a false Oath shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties to which Persons are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

VII.	And be it further enacted, any Law, Statute, Usage, or Post Master Custom to the contrary notwithstanding, That neither the said Post General, See, not Master General, nor any such Officer or Servant as aforesaid, shall be l,able to liable to any ACtion, Suit, Indictment, Information, or other Pro- *xhin°ndone^ ceeding, or be liable to or incur any Penalty, Forfeiture, or Incapa- un(^f this Act. citation, for or by reason of any Act, Matter, or Thing done or forborne to be done by virtue and under the Authority of and according %9 this present Act, or in the Execution of the same, or of the C c 4.	Authorities

392

C.53-

47® GEO. III. Seff.2.

A.D. 1807.

General Issue.

Treble Cuffs.

Persons f. auriu-Icntiy .br.inirg LeUcrsc-.* toning Bank Nous, &cc. Ihdi! be tranljioi fed for Seven Years.

Secretary ofState miy authorize Pod Master Gen ral to open and re1 urn Letters of Foirnyll

Min liters, See.

Letters directed to Places abio. ci, and which have been lent in Foreign Mails, bur returned,may be opened by the Pod m ilter General, and delivered up.

Authorities herein contained, or any of them, or in relation thereto, or in pursuance of the Direction and Authority of such Principal Secretary of State, to be given in manner herein-before mentioned, but that all such i1 61 ions, Suits, Indictments, Informations, Proceedings, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Incapacitations, shall be and are hereby absolutely discharged.

VIII.	And be it further enabled, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time or Times, be sued, molefled, or prosecuted for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Add, or of ary Clause, Matter, or Thing herein contained, such Person and Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence ; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pals for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Colls awarded to him or them againff such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

IX.	And be it further enabled, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall faliely or fraudulently obtain any Letter or Letters hereby authorized to be returned as aforesaid, or that shall or may be authorized to be returned under the Authority.of a Warrant or Warrants of such Principal Secretary of State, by virtue of the Powers herein-before contained for that Purpose, containing any Banff "Note, Banff Poll Bill, Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, Letter of Credit, cr any other Security or Instrument whatsoever, for the Payment of Money, every such Person so offending, and being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall be transported for the Term of Seven Years.

X.	And be it further enaCred, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to direct, order, require, and authorize the Poll Mailer General to open and return any Letter or Letters, for returning which Application shall be made bv or on Behalf of any Foreign Mimfler or Ambassador upon such Proof being made, with or without Oath, thac such Foreign Minister or Ambassador did write, sign, or fend to the Foil, or cauie to be written, signed or lent to the Pcfb, such Letter or Letters respectively, and upon such other Directions respecting the said Letter or Letters so applied for being complied with ; and the Poll Mailer General is hereby also required to execute, or cause to be executed, all such Orders and Directions as shall, in such reipeCtive Warrant or Warrants, be expressed or Contained-to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL ‘ And Whereas it may happen that Letter^ directed to Places f beyond the Seas, and which have been sent hi the Foreign Mails f from the said General Poll Office, may be returned back for want c of forwarding them with Safety to the Parties to whom they are * directed;’ be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty’s Poll Matter General to open and return such lad-mentioned Letters as shall have been returned, or as shall or may be returned to the said General Poll Office, in such Manner and under the like Authorities, Regulations, ReflriCfions, Penalties, and Punishments, as the Letters herein-before described are directed to be returned ; any Law, Statute, CJuftom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithilanding.

CAP.

>y

A.D.1807.

393

470 GEO, III, Seff.2,	€.54.

CAP. LIV.

An Act to prevent improper Persons from having Arms in Ireland.	[13th -jugujl	1807.]

*	"\T7"HEREAS it has been found necefiary to prevent improper f * * Persons from having Arms in Ireland, and Provisions have c been made for that • urpole by different Acts of Parliament: And c Whereas the said Provisions ceased and determined from the Thirty-6 first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seven ; but it is

*	expedient that the said Provisions should be amended and embodied ‘ into one Act of arliamentbe it therefore enacted by the King’s moll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the fi-.me, ■> hat every Person in Ireland, who hath or shall have Arms in his or her PofTeffion at the Time of the passing this Aft, or at any Time before the Sefiions of the Peace for their respective Counties, which shall be held next after the palling of this Adi and who shall not have regillered the same according to the Provisions of an Act, made in Ireland in the Thirty-eighth Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for amending an Act, pafful in the Thirty-Jixth Tear of the Reign of his Majesty, intituled, ‘ An Ad more effectually to Jujprefs In fit erections,

*	and prevent the Dijlurhance of the Public Peace,’ shall, at the said SelTions of the Peace which shall be held next after the palling of this Aft, for the County, Town, or City wherein thy shall relide, respectively deliver, or caule to be delivered, in open Court, to the Justices then present, a written Notification, signed by him or her, specifying therein the Place, Parish, Barony, cr TowiTind, in which he or fne shall be then resident, or if in a County of a Town or City, the Parish, Townland, cr Street in which he or ihe keeps Arms, and the Place or Places where the same are usually kept, and the Number and 'Description of such Arms, accompanied by an Affidavit, sworn before some Justice of the Peace for such County, Town, or City, by the Person signing such Notification, that such Notification is true, and that he or she believes that he or she is by Law entitled to keep Arms, which Notification and Affidavit shall be read aloud in open Court; and if the Jullices then pretent, or the Majority of them, shall coniider the Person delivering such Notification to be by Law entitled to keep Arms, and to be a fit and proper Person to keep Arms, they shall thereupon sign and deliver to such Person a Licence, authorizing such Perion to keep Arms, and specifying therein, if they shall think fit, the Number and Description of Arms which such Licence is to authorize him or her to keep, and shall deliver such Notification, specifying at the root or Back thereof the Number and Description of Arms, if the same shall be specified in the Licence, to the acting Clerk of the Peace, who shall regifterthe same in Books (or in a Book, if in a County of a Town or City) One whereof to be kept for every Barony or Half Barony in the County, in Alphabetical Order, with the Names and Places of Abode of every Person making such Notification, according to their respective Baronies, or Half Baronies, where the Place of Abode shall be specified to be in a Barony, or Half Barony*-for which no Fee or Reward whatever shall be received by such Clerk of the Peace ; which Book

shall

Persons having

Ami:-- (not a !i early rcgi ft e red under 11 ilh A£t

•6 G. 3. c. 20. See.) fhalJ deliver a Lift thereof at the Sefiions in Manner her* in directed, accompanied by an Affidavit ;

Justices may grant Licences to retain the same:

Lifts, &c. shall be vcgifteied by Cle' ks of the Pc.ice.

394

Appent by Per Tons not lie en fed.

C.54.

470 GEO. III. SeiT. 2.

A.D. 1807.'

Sessions may from Time to Time giant Licences for keeping Arms to Pei suns making A p plication ami Affidavit,

Parties 'iconfed fonil certify to Clerk or the Peace their Change of Residence.

Penalty on Person;. having Arms not regime red ;

Fr. llOffence, iol. Second Offence, 2.01. &c. or ■ Imprisonment; and Forfeiture of Arms.

Inventory of Arms kept shall be <. I.vcco to Junices when requiied.

Hi all be kept by such Clerk of the Peace at his Office, in the County, Town, or City , and shall at all seasonable Times be open to the In-fpe&ion of any Justice of the Peace of such County, Town, or City, and from which every such Justice shall be at Liberty from Time to Time to make such Extracts as he shall deem lit: Provided always, that if the Majority of thejuftices so assembled at the Sessions of the Peace, shall refuse to grant such Licence to any Person who is by Law entitled to keep Arms, the Person to whom such Licence is refused may appeal from the Decision of such Justices, if in the County of any City or Town, to the next Quarter Sessions of any County at large, adjoining to the County of such City or Town, and if in a County at large, then to the following Session of the same County.

II. And be it further enabled, That it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, upon an Application in Writing, signed by any P'erion for a Licence to keep Arms, specifying in like Manner his or her Residence, accompanied by an Affidavit, sworn by the Person signing the Application that he or she believes he*or ihe by Law is entitled to keep Arms, to lign and deliver at any Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County, Town, or City, in which such Person resides, a Licence, authorizing inch Person to keep Arms, specifying therein, it they shall think lit, the Number and Description of Arms which such Licence is to authorize him or her to keep; which Application, with the Number and Description of Arms endorsed thereon, if the same Hi all be fpecifted in the Licence, shall be delivered by them to the acting Clerk of the Peace, who is required to register the same in like Manner as a Notification, for which no Fee or Reward whatsoever shall be received by the Clerk of the Peace.

III.	And be it further enabled, That whenever any Person who shall have obtained any Licence to keep Arms under this A£t, shall during the Continuance of such Licence change his or her Place of Abode, such Person shall deliver a Certificate of such Change, fpeci-fying the Houle to which such Person shall have removed, to the Clerk of the Peace for the County* Town, or City, in which such Person was reftdent at the Time of granting such Licence; and such Certificate shall be registered in like Manner as the Notifications and Applications required by this Abt.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That any Person who shall, after the said Sessions of the Peace for the County, Town, or City, where he or Ihe shall reside, which shall be held next after the palling of this Act, have in his orherCuftody any Arms that shall not have been registered as aforesaid, shall, upon being convicted thereof on the Tefcimony of Two credible Witnelfes on Oath before any Magi-firate, for the First Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be levied by Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person by the Warrant of such Magistrate, or, in Default of Payment, be imprisoned by such Magistrate, for the Space of Two Months; and for the Second and every other Offence shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be levied in like Manner, or, in Default of Payment, be imprisoned for the Space of Four Months ; and all such Arms shall be forfeited to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors.

V.	And be it further enabled, That any Person who shall make such Notification as aforesaid of his having Arms, and shall obtain such Licence as aforesaid, iha11> fit any Time when required by any

Justice

Hosted by

395

A.D. 1807*

470 GEO. III. Sell. 2:

C. 54;

Justice of the Peace within his Jurisdiction, which Requiiition shall be made in Writing under the Hand of such Just ice, deliver to such Justice an exabl Lift or Inventory of ail the Arms in hi3 or her Poffef-fion, verified by his or her Affidavit to be made before any Justice of the Peace, aqd so from Time to Time as often as he or file shall be so required.

VI.	And be it enabled, That it shall and may be lawful for the Justices may

Just ices of the Peace at any Sessions to withdraw any Licence there- ''v,u.draw tofore given, and to cause the Name of such Person, as they in their	ce 7b7feu f"t®

Discretion shall at such Sessions deem an improper Person to. be in- the parties^ trusted with Arms, to be erased out of the Registry of Arms, and

caufe a Notice to be served on such Person, or to be polled on his Dwelling House specified in the said Registry to be the Residence of such Person, or, in case of his or her having previoufiy certified to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, that he or she had changed his or her Dwelling House, then on the House to which he shall in such Certificate have stated that he or ffie had removed, signed by any one of the Justices of such Session, and by the o lerk of the Peace ynder the Authority of such Justices or the Majority of them, in such Sessions afiembled, that such License is withdrawn.

VII.	And be it enabled, That if any Person on whom such Notice persons served shall be served shall not within Forty-eight Hours after Service of such with such Nolice Notice upon him or her, or at his or her Dwelling Houle asaforesaid, not delivering delivertothe next resident Magistrate, or some neighbouring Magistrate Arms

i	r	\	11	11	f	9	*	r ° -n i	°	trates fhcill be

gt his Place of Abode, all such Arms as were io regiitered, or account jntjle to for the same to the Satisfaction of such Magistrate, such Person shall Pmiiihment, be deemed to have in his or her Custody Arms that have not been registered, and ftiallbe subject and liable to the Forfeiture and Puniffi-rnent herein-before enabled again ft such Offence ; except where it shall appear to the Magistrates before whom such Offence is prosecuted, that the Delay arose from accidental Circumstances, and not from wilful Negleet,

VIII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful j-uft;ces> &c, for any Justice of the Peace, where he shall have reasonable Grounds pf Suspicion, or for any Person duly authorized thereto by Warra t under the Hands and Seals of any Two Justices of the Peace,

(which Warrant shall not be granted except on the information given to such Justices on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Wit-neffes, that to the best of his or their Knowledge or Belief such Person is unlawfully in Possession of Arms,) to search for Arms in the House or Houses or Grounds of any Person in Ireland, not having made such Notification, or obtained such Licence as afore Lid, and also in the House or Houses or Grounds of any Person who, having made such Notification, or obtained such Licence, shall refuse or neglebl, for Forty-eight Hours, to deliver such Lift or Inventory or who shall have delivered a false Lift or Inventory, or whole Licence shall nave been withdrawn as aforesaid ; and in case Admission shall be refused or not obtained within a reasonable Time after it dial! have been first demanded, to enter by Force into every 'fuch House, and every Part thereof, and if any Arms shall be found in the Possession of any such Person refpeblively, save in the House of a Perion giving such Lift or Inventory, and if any Arms shall be found in the House of such Person giving such Inventory, and not specified therein, to seize and carry away the same for the Use of His Majesty; Provided always,

that

may enrer Houses on Suspicion of h iv Rg Arms

unreal tiered, &c.

C. 54.

47

0 GEO. III. Seff.3.

A.D.1807.

Not to extend to

Regular or Militia Foroes, Sec.

that nothing in this Adi contained shall aiffedl any Persons serving in His Majcity’s Regular or Militia Foroes, or in any Yeomanry Corps,

Bhckfmithsfhall enter their Forges and obtain Licences at Stiffens.

Stiffens may

\rithd raw Licences from Blacksmiths maki'-g Pi ices or Like Head-..

Penalty on Persons making or alffftircr making Pikes, &c. without Licence from the Ordnance, Felony.

jufficcs. Sec. may enter Houles to learch for Pikes, <$cc.

Penalty on Pufleffors, First Offence Twelve Months I/npi i-fonmenr, Second Offence, Felony.

or any Privy Councillor, or Member of Parliament, or Peace Officer,-in respect to any Arms that they may have in their Custody.

IX.	f And Whereas it is necefiary to provide more effectually ‘ against the making of Pikes, and such like offensive Weapons;’ be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever, after the palling of this Act, shall exercise the Trade of a Rlacksmith, who fiiall not have previoully registered his Name, and the Place where his Forge is situated, at some Sefiions of the Peace for the District in which such Forge is used, and shall also have obtained a Licence from the Justices at such Sefiions, authorizing him to use and follow the Trade of a Blacksmith; which said Regiffry and Licenceis to be made, kept, and granted, in Manner and Form as the Regiffry of xYrms and Licence for using Arms hereinbefore mentioned.

X.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, or the Majority of them, at any Sefiions or the Peace, to withdraw such Licence from any Blacksmith, if it shall be satisfactorily proved on Oath to them that such Blacksmith hath made, or knowingly suffered to be made in his Forge any Pike or Pike Head after he shall have so obtained a Licence, and registered his Forge as aforesaid ; and if any Blacksmith shall use any Forge without such Regiffry thereof, and Licence as aforesaid, he shall for such Offence and Offences incur and be liable to the Penalties hereiti-before mentioned that Persons using or having in their Custody unregiftered Arms are by this Act subject to.

XI.	And be it enacted, That any Smith, or other Person, who shall make or afliff in making any Pike, Pike Head, Dirk, Dagger, Spear, or Instruments serving for Pikes or Spears, without a Licence from the Master General, Lieutenant General, or Surveyor General of the Ordnance, shall, being thereof lawfully convicted, be adjudged a Felon, and be transported for Seven Years: Provided always, that nothing therein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to any Persons having or making such Weapons as aforesaid, in the Service or for the Use bf His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Juffice of the Peace of any County, City, or Town in Ireland, within his Jurisdiction, where he shall have reasonable Ground of Suspicion, or for any Person duly authorized by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of Two Justices, (which Warrant shall not be granted, except upon the Information upon Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnestes, that such Weapons, to the best of his or their Knowledge or Belief, are in any House 01* Place,) to search for Pikes, Pike-Heads, Daggers, or Dirks, in any such House or Place ; and if any such shall be found, it shall and may be lawful for such Magistrate, or the Person so authorised, to seize, and carry away the same, to the Use of His Majesty; and the Person or Persons in whose Pofiefiion, Custody, or Keeping, such Weapons -fhall be found, being thereof convicted by due Course of Law, shall for the first Offence be imprisoned for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months, and for the Second and every other Offence shall be adjudged a Felon, and be transported for Seven Years ; unless such Person or Persons shall prove to the Satisfaction of the Court before which he, she, or

they

^*54-5 55*

397

A.D.1807.	47° GEO. III. SelT.2.

they shall be tried for the said Offence, that such Weapon as aforesaid was in his, her, or their Custody or Keeping without his, her, or their Knowledge, Privity, or Consent.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That whenever any Magistrate or other Person fha.Il seize or carry away any Arms or Weapons as aforesaid, such Magistrate or other Person shall with all convenient Dispatch transmit the same to One of His Majesty’s Storehouses, or to the Officer commanding the nearest Detachment of His Majesty’s Troops, by him to be transmitted as aforesaid ; and that in every Case such Magistrate or other Person as aforesaid shall, immediately after he or they shall have seized or carried away any Arms or Weapons as aforesaid, transmit to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or to his or their Chief Secretary, a written Account of the Number and Nature of such Arms‘or Weapons, and of the Place where, and the Person from whom such Arms or Weapons were respectively seized.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That all the Pecuniary Penalties in this Acl specified shall be raised and levied by Sale of the Goods of the Person offending, by Warrant under‘the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace in and for the County in which such Offence shall be committed; and the Penalties so to be levied shall be by such Justices or Justice handed over to the Treasurer of the County in which such Sums are levied, to be applied to such Purposes as the Grand Jury at any ensuing Affixes shall think proper to present.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That whenever any Search shall be made under this Add, by any Person authorized by any Warrant of any Justice of Peace under the Authority of this Adi, the Justices of Peace authorizing and diredling any Person or Persons to make such Search, shall make a true and faithful Return of the Name arid Names of all and every Person or Persons io authcffzed to make such Search and their Quality and Descriptions, to the General Session of the Peace which shall be held next after such Search.

XVI.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury of every County, County of a City, and County of a Town in Ireland, at each Assizes, and for the Grand Jury at each Presenting Term for the County and County of the City of Dublin, and they are hereby respectively required, to present such Sum to be raised off the County as may be requisite to reward the Clerks of the Peace respectively for their Trouble in the Execution of this Adi, not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds at any one such Assizes or Presenting Term.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That this Adi shall continue in force from the palling thereof for Two Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. LV.

An Act for allowing a certain Proportion of the Militia in Ireland\ voluntarily to enlill into His Majesty's Regular Forces.	[13th	Augnjl 1807.]

<£ His Majesty may appoint Regiments of the Regular Forces into “ which Militia Men may enlist. § 1.—The Number of Men to be “ enlisted shall not exceed such Number of the Men then serving c' as will reduce the Regiment below Three-firths of the refpectiv^

“ Eiiablifh-

Aims seized fh.il! be feui r* t.ne King’s Stores.

Penalties shall be levied by Di(frets a iid paid to County Treasurer.

Justices (Itall return to Sellions N 1 mes, Scc. of Persons e mployed on Searches.

Grand Times may present Sums for Cierks of the Peace executing this Act.

Continuance of Act.

3$

41° GEO. Ill* Self. 2* A.D.1807*

r< Establishments: Where more than One Battalion the Chief Secre* “ tarv shall signify to the Commanding Officers the Number to be “ cnlifled out of each. §2.—Comm?nding Officer shall ascertain the <£ Number willing to enlifl, and if it be Five-fixths of the Number <£ allowed, no more shall be enlilled without Consent of Commanding fe Officer. § 3.—His Majesty may appoint Officers to approve or reject €C the Men, but none finall be rejected who are Five Feet Four Inches* “ and under Thirty-five Years of Age, unless disabled. $.{.—Men “ enlisting into the Regulars may transfer themselves to the Marines* “ § 5. Commanding Officer of every Regiment, out of which the “ Proportion of Five-fixths shall not enlifl within Thirty Days, shall u read His Majesty’s Order and shall explain the Terms of Enlifl-<c merit* &c. § 6. —If the Number who shall then enlifl shall not be “ the due Proportion, a Book shall be opened, and Men may within “ Ten Days enlill, See, § 7.—After the Expiration of such Ten <£ Days, Sec. none shall be allowed to enlifl without special Leave of u Commanding Officer for Three Months, Sec. and then Three Days ic Volunteering shall be allowed, and so at the End of the next Three <c Months: But none shall be allowed to volunteer after the End of “ Twelve Months after passing this Act. § 8.—As soon as the Nuiri-“ ber to be enlisted from any Regiment is ascertained, they shall u be discharged, he. § 9.—No Person in Confinement shall be en-<c titled to enlifl until he shall have fuffiered the Sentence of a Court <l Martial, Sec. § 10.—Regimental Clerks, Drummers, and Musicians* “ shall not enlifl without the Consent of the Commanding Officer.

§ ij.—Commanding Officer may refuse to dilcharge upon Cause “ assigned to the Officer of the District. § 12.—Men may enlifl for a “ limited Period of Service, or -without any such Limitation. § 13.— u Persons discharged or refufing* to enlifl, or not approved, shall con-<c tinue to belong to their Regiment. § 14.—Ad shall not authorize ec the enlifling or persuading to enlifl, any Man not duly discharged. “ § 15.—No Person shall be drafted from the Regiment in which <e he enlisted, unless first discharged therefrom. § 16.—His Majesty “ may give Orders for the Execution of this Ad, to Governors and “ Commanding Officers. § 17.— Commanding Officers shall transmit “ to the Lord Lieutenant an Account of the Men discharged. § 18. u «—Provifions relating to Counties -and Regiments extended to “ Divisions, Battalions, Sec. § 19.—Ad may be altered or repealed n this Session. § 20.

[See afimllar ASly 45 G, 3. c. 38.]

CAP. LVL

An Act for increasing the Militia of Ireland, under certain Limitations and Reflections.	[13th	Augujl	1807.]

<	VftTHEREAS it is necessary that the most effectual Measures

<	V V should be'taken for augmenting His Majesty’s Regular Foroes,

<	and it has therefore become expedient to permit a Proportion of i the Militia, now serving in Ireland, to enliil into His Majesty's

*	Regular Foroes, under certain Provisions and Restrictions : And

<	Whereas it is n e cedar y that such Increase of the Regular Forces

*	fhould not diminilh the Militia, but that the said Militia should be

*	forthwith incnxffied in a limited Proportion may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted \ and be it enacted by the King's

399

A.D.1807.	47°GEO.	III.	SefT.	2.	0.56.

moft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thisprefent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That within Six ^umbercoua] to Months after the palling of this Aft, there shall be raised and levied One-half rhe m the several Counties, Counties of Cities, and Counties of Towns Quota under respectively, a Number of private Militia Men equal to One-Half of Irish Acr, the Quota or Establishment specified in an Aft, made in the Parlia-ment of Ireland in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty’s ^jlthin'six 6 Reign, intituled, An A3 to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Months after ’Thirty-third Tear of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, 6 An palling this Act,

4 A3 for amending and reducing into one A3 of Parliament, the Laws 4 relating to the Militia in Ireland.’

II.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Establishment of E ft a'oli foment of

such Regiments of Militia in Ireland, as have been or shall be aug- augmented mented under the Provisions of an Aft, made in the Forty-fourth Year Regiments foaU of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An A3 for empowering His ^n^,n^as^l?^c'r Majesty to direBthe segmentation of His Militia Forces in Ireland, to an an(j uf~the others Extent therein mentioned, shall be conlidered as remaining at the Number as under g g G.3. or Establishment allowed by that Aft ; and that the Establishment of c- 3- all above such Regiments of the said Militia as have not been, or shall not be	as0***

augmented under the said recited Aft of the Forty-fourth Year, shall sL,,jernurne.

be considered as remaining at the Quota or Establishment fixed by rarUs. the said recited Aft of the Parliament of Ireland, made in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign ; and in case any Regiment shall, by the Addition of the Men required to be raised under this Aft, be increased to a Number exceeding its Quota or Establishment under the said recited Acts respectively, all Men in such Regiment exceeding the Number of such Quota or Establishment shall be considered as Supernumeraries,

III.	And be it further enacted. That the Men necessary to be Menfoallfce

raised for the Purposes of this Act shall be procured in the several railed by Counties,Counties of Cities, and Counties of Towns in Ireland, either	orVoJtm-

by Ballot in manner directed bv this Act, and the several Acts in force	as.	3rf,

. J T 7	1	1	•	1	•	-.1	.	.	.	Lieutenant lima

in Ireland mating to the Militia, or by the enrolling and receiving direct, Volunteers in Manner directed by the said recited Act of the Forty-fourth Year aforesaid, as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being shall, by and with the Advice of His Majesty’s Privy Council in Ireland, direct and appoint by any Order or Proclamation to be issued for that Purpose ; specifying the several Counties, Counties of Cities, and Counties of Towns, in which such Ballot shall be had, or for which such Men shall be raised by the enrolling and receiving Volunteers reflectively.

IV.	And be it further enacted. That whenever Direction shall be For the enrollin5 given by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors Volunteers,

of Ireland for the Time being, in Manner aforesaid, that the Men re- Lorc1 Lieutenant

quired to be raised for the Purposes of this Act in any County, County glv^ Dlf

r ov	.	rr£	■	r	?	1 n. 11 1	;	ji	actions to the

or a City, or County 01 a Town in Ireland, shall be procured by Colonels and

the enrolling and receiving Volunteers, it shall and may be lawful for the Treaiury, as

the said Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of under 44 G. 3.

Ireland for the Time being, to issue his or their Orders to any Q: 33* and

Colonel or Commanding Officer to any Regiment or Battalion of	oAhat*5

Militia in Ireland, to enrol and receive into such Regiment or Bat^ Act shall be

talion, such Volunteers as shall offer to serve in the said Milicia, not applied in

exceeding the Proportion aforesaid 5 and it shall and may also be law- Execution of

400

C-5 6.

47° GEO. III. Seff.2.

A.D.1807c

ful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, to issue his or their Order or Orders to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury of Ireland, requiring them to advance any such Sum or Sums of Money, as the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland may by such Order or Orders direct ; and to pay to the several Colonels or other Commanding Officers of the different Regiments or Battalions of Militia in Ireland, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum of Four Pounds and Four Shillings for every Private Man that may be from Time to Time so enrolled ; and upon such Orders being issued as aforesaid, the several Colonels or Commanding Officers of such Regiments or Battalions shall proceed to enlifl and enrol Men accordingly, in such Manner, and under such Conditions, in all respects, and the Men so enrolied, shall take such Oath, and shall be entitled to such Benefits, and shall be subject to such Regulations, and shall be and become Militia Men, to all Intents and Purposes, in like Manner as is directed and enacted with respect to Men enrolied, and received under the said recited Adi of the Forty-fourth Year aforesaid, for empowering His Majesty to direct the Augmentation of His Militia Forces inIreland) to an Extent therein limited ; and all the Directions, Regulations, and Provisions of the said recited At, shall be applied in the Execution of this At, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been repeated and re-enated in this At.

V.	And be it further enated, That whenever any such Orders shall be received for the enrolling and receiving of any Volunteers under the said recited At of the Forty-fourth Year of His Majesty’s Reign or this At, it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, to issue his or their Order or Orders to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury of Ireland, requiring them to advance any such further Sum or Sums of Money as the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors may by such Order or Orders diret, and to pay to the several Colonels or Commanding Officers of the different Regiments or Battalions of Militia in Ireland, (to be applied in defraying the necessary Expence of procuring and enrolling such Volunteers) any further Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Rate of One Pound and One Shilling, for every Private Man who may be from Time to Time so enrolied, over and above the Sum of Four Pounds and Four Shillings by the said recited Adi and this Adi authorized to be advanced on account of every such Man.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Volunteer under the said recited Act or this Act shall be entitled to or receive any Part of such further Sum, nor shall be entitled to or receive any greater or higher Bounty than is authorized by the said recited Act of the Forty-fourth Year of His Majesty’s Reign.

VII.	And be it further enabled, That the several Colonels and Commanding Officers shall keep, or cause to be kept, true and regular

transmit to Chief Entries of the Names, Addition, Places of Residence, Parish, and Secretary Lilts other Description ol the Men whom they shall inrol under the Pro-o en enrol e . v*p1Qns Of ^,5^ and the several Sums which they shall advance and pay to such Persons respectively ; and shall tranlmit regular Copies of such Entries, certified by them respectively, as well as by the Adjutant and Paymaster or Clerk of the Regiment or Battalion

refpedlively.

A further Sum of One Guinea per Man may be advanced to the C-donel, for Expences of procuring Men.

Volunteers shall n6t receive any Part of such Guinea.

Commanding Officer shall

4oi

A.D. 1807.	47°	GEO.	III. SefT.2.	C.S6.

respectively, to the Office'of the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or ■other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being.

VIII.	And be it further enacted*, That the said Chief Secretary Chief Secretary shall caufc Copies of the said Returns of the Men so in rolied, and of IhaUcaufeCopics all the Sums advanced to'or for the procuring and enrolling of such ^-admitted to Men reflectively, to be transmitted to the several and respective Trea- cjUrUy lifers of the several Counties, Counties of Cities, and Counties of Treasurers, who Towns in Ireland, Ten Days at lead previous to the next ensuing shall lay same General Affixes after such Expenditure, or if the Treasurer of the before Judges of County and City of Dublin, within Fourteen Days previous to each Presenting Term; and the said several Treasurers fnall, and they are jQ^aifbe hereby respectively required to lay the said Returns before the pretexted, and Judges of Assize on the Commission Day of the Affixes, or, in the raifedoff County and City of Dublin, before the Court of King’s Bench, on Courses, &c-the First Day of each Term, and before the respective Grand Juries for such Counties, or Counties of Cities, shall be sworn ; and the said Judges, or the said Court (as the Case may be) shall and they are hereby required to give the same in Charge to the said Grand Juries, in order that the Sums so expended may be pvefented and raised off the said Counties and Counties of Cities and Towns respectively ; and it shall be lawful for the several Grand Juries to raise the same either by Presentment on the County, County of a City, or County of a Town at large, or by Presentments on Separate Baronies or Parities, as may appear to them in each particular Case to be jufc and equitable ; and the said respective Grand. Juries are hereby authorized and required to make the said Presentments accordingly, unless the Amount of the Sum, so to be raised, fnall appear to the said respective Grand Juries too large to be raised at one Affixes within the respective Counties, or Counties of Cities or Towns, in which Case it shall and may be lawful for the said several Grand Juries, by and with the Concurrence or the Judges at the said Affixes, or the said Court, to prefect any Part of such Sum, not lets than One Moiety thereof, at such Affixes or Term ; and the Relldue shall in like Manner be given in Charge, and prelented by the Grand Jury of such County, or County of a City or Town, or Grand Juries of Inch respective Counties, or Counties of Cities or Towns (as the Case may be) at thj then next ensuing Affixes or Term: and it shall not be lawful to traverse any such Presentment ; and in case the Grand Jury of any County, or County of a City or Town, shall, after the Judges of the Court shall have given the same in Charge to them, omit, negleet, or refute to prefect the same, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Judges of Afsize, or the Court, to order and direct the Treasurer of such County, or County of a City or Town, to add the whole Amount of such Sum to the Presentments on the County at large, and to iifiie .his Warrants for collecting the same, as if it had been pvefented to be raised on the County at large; and every Treasurer fnall obey such Direction, and every Collector shall levy the said Sums conformable to the Warrant he fnall so receive, and pay the same to the Treasurer of such County.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That the several Treasurers of the Tre-f .rcr shall ’ respective Counties and Counties of Cities ai\d Towns, as aforesaid, colled* the shall receive the said Sums, and pay the same to the Collector of His	and	pay

Majesty’s Excise in such County, or County of a City or Town ; o/t^^enu^ 47 Geo. III.	Dd	or	■	evenuc>

Hosted by CjOO^lc

4-02

whole Receipt fmll He an Acquittal for the Men railed.

1 f Men are

required to be railed by Bailot, they lball be railed as under exiting A«fts relating to the Irilh Militia.

General Meetings of the Governors, Sec. in each County, within Thirty Days after palling this A(51, Shall appoint the Number of Men for each

Subdivision, See.

The Vestry of any Pmfh may. make an Aficffment for

providing

Subiliiutej or Vo.uiacci j, t***-

C. 55;	47° GEO. III. Se(T. 2.	A.D.1807.

or in cale any County ill all be divided into Two or more Didrictsj. with Two or more Collectors, then to the Collector of that Part of such County in which the County Town is lituate ; and every such Collector of Excise Shall, and he is hereby required, to give a Receipt for all such Sums of Money which shall be so paid to him as aforesaid ; and such Receipt shall be lodged among the Records of such County, and shall be a Discharge and Acquittance to fucli County for all such Men as shall be so railed and enrolled as aforesaid.

X.	And be it further enacted, That whenever Directions shall be given by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by any Order or Proclamation in Manner dim fled by this Acl, that the Men required to be raised for the Purposes of this Aft in any County, County of a City, or County of a Town in Ireland, Shall be procured by Bailot, the Numbers so directed to be raised shall, be deemed and coufidered as Vacancies in the Militia of fucli County, County of a City, or County of a Town, and shall be ballotted for* raised, and procured in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as are directed with respect to the ballotting or procuring Men to flip* ply Vacancies in the Militia, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts in force relating to the Militia of Ireland; and that all Powers, Provihons, Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, contained in any Act or Acts in force relative to the Militia of Ireland, shall, as far as the same are applicable, and can be applied for the Purpose of carrying this Aft into Execution, and so far as the same are not hereby altered, varied, or repealed, be applied for the Purposes of this Aft, and in the Execution of the fame-, in as full and ample a Manner as if the said Powers, Provihons, Rules* Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were repeated and re-enafled in this Aft.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That a General Meeting of the Governor or Governors and Deputy Governors, or of Three Deputy Gg-vernors at the lead, shall be held in each County in Ireland, within Thirty- Days after the palling of this Act, or as soon after as may be ; and at such General Meeting the said Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors, or such of them as shall be present at such Meeting', Shall respectively apportion and divide every such County into such Subdivisions as they shall think mod expedient for the Purposes of thii Aft, and shall appoint the Number of Men to be raised for and by every Parish or other Place within any such Subdivilion, which Number so appointed shall be the Quota or Proportion that each of such Subdivilion, and each Parish or Place therein, shall respectively furnifii towards the Number of Men required to be furnished by the County at large, under the Provisions of this Aft ; and such Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors, shall from Time to Time appoint such other Days and Times for the carrying this Aft into Execution as shall appear necedary and expedient to them, for the Purpose of applying the Powers of the several Acts relating to the Militia of Ireland to the Execution of this Aft, and all such Powers shall be applied and carried into EfFeft accordingly.

XII.	And, in order to facilitate the railing the necedary Number of Men with all convenient Speed; be it further enacted, That it fnall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, in such Cases as he may think fit, to direfi that the Inhabitants of any Parish in Ireland, at a Veilry Meeting

held

A.D. 1807.

470 GEO. Hi: Seff.2,

C, 56,

403

held for that Purpose, of which Three Days publick Notice shall be given, fpecifving the Cause of calling such Meeting, and which Meeting every Churchwarden is hereby several ly required to summon, shall order to be levied by Aflefiment upon the Parish such Sums as they shall think proper, not exceeding in the Whole the Amount of the average Price of a Substitute (fuch average Price to be fixed in Manner herein-after mentioned), for every Man directed to be raised as the.Quota of such Pari fit, and to apply the same as they shall think lit, for providing a fulficient Number of Persons to serve as Substitutes or Volunteers for such Parish, accordii-g to the Quota so to be raised in such Parish as aforesaid ; and it shall be lawful for the said Inhabitants at the said Vefcry Meeting, to appoint One or more Person or Persons to direct and superintend the Application of such Sums for such Purposes, pursuant to the Order of such Vestry ; and all such Sums shall be forthwith raised and levied in like Manner, and by all such Means, Powers, Authorities, and Persons, and with all such.

Remedies, in case of any Refusal or Omission to pay the same, as any Parish Cess may by Law be raised and levied in Ireland, the Overplus (if'any), to be applied to any such parochial Purposes to which a Parish Cess may by Law be applied, as the said Vestry shall, at any future Meeting to be called for that Purpose, direct.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That the Governor or Governors, General Meeting or Deputy Governors of each County, at any General Meeting to be lhai! fixthe Ave-holden as herein-bcfme directed, for the Purposes of this Adi, shall fix raSe *>ncc ofr a and declare what in their Judgement shall appear to them to be a fair yolunteer °r and reasonable Sum to be paid as the average Price of a Substitute or

Volunteer in the said Militia.

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That the Churchwardens of Churchwardens such Parish shall and may produce such Subilitutes or Volunteers so may produce provided as aforesaid, before any Deputy Governor of the Subdivision,

at any Time previous to the Day appointed for chusing the Men by deputy Ballot in such Subdivision in pursuance of this Act ; and that it shall Governors, &c, and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to provide Volunteers to serve for any Subdivision, and to produce such Volunteers, or for any Persons willing to serve to offer themselves to serve for any such Division, and to appear before any such Deputy Governor, within such Time and at such Place as aforeiaid ; and every Person so produced or appearing, who shall he approved of by the said Deputy Governor as aforesaid, shall and may be enrolled to serve under this Aft ; and. such Deputy Governor, before whom any such Volunteer shall be enrolied, shall cause the Clerks of the Meetings for the respective Sab-divifions to enrol the Names of all such Volunteers, in such Manner as they are required to enrol the Names of Persons chosen by Bailot; and the Names of all such Volunteers shall be so entered within the respective Subdivisions before the Time appointed for balloting the Men within the same.

XV.	And be it further enacted, That if within the Period of Six Fine of Thirty Months after the palling of this Aft, and within which Period all the Pounds for every Men required to be raised under this Aft ought to have been enrolied,

the Number of Men required to be raised under the Provisions of this Months a her Aft, in any County, County of a City, or County of a Town, shall pa-fling the Ad* not be duly raised and enrolled ; then and in every such Case, the County, County of a City, or County of a Town, in which such Number of Militia Me a shall not be raised, iha.ll be charged with the

D4 2	Payment

Hosted by

4°4	C. 56. 47‘GEO. III. Sclta.	A.C.1807.

Payment of the Sum of Thirty Pounds for every Man required to be enrolled under this Adi, in such County, County of a City or Town, remaining deficient; and the respective Colonels or Commanding* Officers of the several Regiments of Militia in Ireland, shall, after the Expiration of such Six Months, transmit to the several and respective Treasurers for the several Counties, Counties of Cities and Towns in Ireland, Ten Days at lea it previous to the next General Affixes, or if to the Treasurer of the County and City of Dublin, Ten Days at leaffi previousto the next Presenting Term, after the'Expiration of such Six Months, Certificates of such Deficiencies and Vacancies as remain to be filled up in their refpe drive Counties, Counties cf Cities and Towns, which said Certificates the said Treasurers are hereby refpedt-ively required to lay before the Judges of Afsize, or in the County or City of Dublin before the Court of King’s Bench as soon as may* be, and upon such Certificate of the respective Colonels or Commanding Officers being laid before the Judges of Afsize, or in the Comity or City of Dublin, before the Court of King’s Bench, it shall ' be lawful for such Judge of Afsize, and such Court, and they are hereby respectively required, to fine the County, County of a City, or County of a Town, (or such Diflridts, Pan dues, or Baronies thereof in which it shall appear, upon Proof on Oath by any one or more Governors or Deputy Governors, that such Neglect shall have happened 1, iii the Sum of Thirty Pounds for every Man so deficient ; and the said Judge of Assize or Court shall direct the Treasurer of the

Trcrvfurcr shall pay Money levied to CulUvftors of Revenue,

If Men found within One Month after said Six Months Three-fourths of the Fine may be remitted: If within Two Months One-half—if within Three Months One-third—and the Amount of sech Deduction

County, County oi a City or Town, to lffiue his Warrant, to levy the said Sum of Thirty Pounds off the County, County of a Town or City, gv erf the Dhlridl, Paiifh, or Barony, in which such Deficiency final I remain to be {applied, which said Sum of Thirty Pounds shall be levied by the Co-ledior of the Grand Jury Cess in like Manner, and with the like Powers, Authorities*, and Remedies for Non-payment thereof, or of any Part thereof, as are provided by Law in respect to any Money to be levied under the Presentment of a Grand Jury.

XVL And be it further enacted, That the several Treasurers of the respective Counties and Counties of Cities and Towns as afore-said, shall collect and receive the Sums so ordered to be levied, and pay the same to the Coiled!or of Plis Majesty’s Revenue for such County or County of a City or Town ; cr in case any County fin all be divided into Two or more Ditlridls, with Two or more Collectors, then to the Cclleclor of that Part of such County in which the County Town is situate i and every such Colledlor shall, and he is hereby required to give a Receipt for all Sums of Money that shall be so paid to him as aforesaid, and such Receipt shall be lodged by the said Treasurer among the Records of the County.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it enacted. That if within One Month after the said Period of Six Months after the palling of this Act, any such Deficiency shall be supplied, then and in such Case the County, County of a City or Town, Dillridl, Parish, or Barony, in which such Deficiency shall be so supplied, shall be entitled to a De-dudlion and Remifiion of Three Fourth Parts of such Fine of Thirty Pounds so payable in respect of such Deficiency; and if any such Deficiency shall be supplied within Two Months after such Period, then of One Half Part of such Fine of Thirty Pounds ; and if within Three Months, then of One Third Part of such Fine of Thirty Pounds; and the .Amount of such Dedudlion or Remifiion shall,,

under

4°5

A.D. 1807.

470 GEO. III. Seff.2.

C.S6, 57.

shall be applied

to the Use of the Couniy, See.

Seven-tenths of 1 he Ex pence of

under the Order of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the T ime being, be applied towards the Payment and Discharge of any Fine or Fines due from any such County.,

County of a City or, Town, Diflridl, Par;hi, or Barony respectively ; and if no such Fine shall be due, the Amount of such BMudtion or Remillion shall, under such Order, be paid to the Treasurer of the County, County of a City or Town, to be by him placed to the Credit of such County, County of a City cr Town, Di'incl, Parish, or Barony, as the Case may be, as an Advance on account of any future publick Cess to be thereafter levied on- such County, County of a. City or Town, Duff riel, Pari Pa, cr Barony respectively.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Vacancies shall occur by Death, Befertion, or lawful Discharge, in any Regi- Volunteers to meet of Militia which shall have been augmented under the Frovifions fupply-Cafualtic* of the Lid recited Act of the Forty-fourth Year, intituled, An Ad; in Regiments for empowering His Majcjl.y to direct the Augmentation of His IVtiliiia au^™cntei Forces in Ireland, to an Extent therein limited, it shall, and may be ^ -A shall be* lawful for the several Colonels or Commanding Officers of such pAcTby tha Regiments to procure and enrol Volunteers to fill up such Vacancies, Countiec. in such Manner as is direCled by the said lafl recited ACl; and the several Grand Juries of the Counties, or Counties of Cities or Towns, at the refpeCtivc ensuing Affixes or presenting Term, shall, on the Certificate of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, hating the Death, Desertion, or Discharge of such Man or Men, present such Stun of Money as shall be fefficient to reimburse and repay Seven Tenth Parts of the Money advanced under the Order of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Irelandior the Time being, for the procuring and enrolling such Volunteers to supply such Vacancies ; or in Default of such Presentment, the Judge of Assize or the Court, shall order and direct the Treasurer of the County,' or County of a City or Town, to include such Sum, and return the same among the Presentments thereof, so that the Sum shall be raised and/ levied forthwith ; and every such Sum shall be levied, collected, and received by the Treasurers of the Counties, or Counties of Cities and Towns, and paid by them to the Collectors of Excite, in like Manner as is herein-before directed with respect to the other Sums direCied to be presented, levied, colieCced, and paid, under the Au*. thority of this A cl.

CAP. LVII.

An Act for allowing a certain Proportion of the Militia in Great Britain voluntarily to cnlift into PIis Maleily’s Regular Forces.	[13th	Augujl	1^07.]

His Majesty may appoint Regiments of the Regular Forces into which Militia Men may enlifl § 1.—The Number of Men to be <c enlifled shall not exceed such Number as will leave serving Three “ Fifths of the Number of the Establishment of each Regiment. 46 Where more than One Battalion. Secretary of State shall signify £C to the Commanding Officers the Number to be enlifled out of each.

§ 2.—Commanding Officer shall afeertain the Number willing to ft eulift, aird if, it be Five Sixths of the Number allowed, no more

D d 3	fhall

406

47° GEO. III. Seff.2.

0.57,5s.

A.D.1807.

4f ill all be enlisted, without Consent of Commanding Officer. §3.—-H13 Majesty may appoint Officers to approve or reject the Men, i4 but none {hail be rejected who are Five Feet Four Inches, and under “ 35 Years of Age, unlels cifabled. §4.—Men enlisting into the 44 Regulars, may transfer thcml'elves to the Marines. § 5.—Com-44 rnanding Officer of every Regiment, out of which the Proportion of 44 Five Sixths shall not enlist, within first Thirty Days, shall lead His 44 Majesty’s Order, and explain the Terms of Enrolment, &c. § 6.—■

44 If the Number who shall then enlist shall not be the due Propor-44 tion, a further Enliftment may take place for Ten Days. § 7.— 44 After laid Ten Days no further enlisting (unlefs with Consent of 44 Commanding Officer) for Three Months; then Three Days more 44 enlisting ; and so on lucceffively, until the full Proportion shall have 44 enlisted ; but none Shall be allowed to volunteer after the End of 44 Twelve Months, after palling the Act. § 8.—As soon as the Num-4; ber to be enlisted from any Regiment is afeertnined, they ffiall be 44 discharged, and shall, if approved, be attested for regular Service *c in the Regiments they have declared their Intention to enlist. 9.—• 44 Lieutenants of Counties on receiving Orders from His Majesty, 44 ffiall transmit to the Privy Council an Account of the Number 44 of Men discharged, &c. fc 10.—No Person in Confinement ffiall be 44 entitled to enlilt until he ffiall have fullered the Sentence of a 44 Court Martial, &c.	§	11.—Clerks. Drummers, and Musicians,

44 ffiall not enlist without Consent of Commanding Officer. § I 2.—• 44 Commanding .Officers may refuse to discharge Men, upon Cause, 44 assigned to Commander of the Diitridt, &c. § 13.—Men may enlist; 44 for limited Periods of Service; or without Limitation of Service. 44 § 14.—If any Person discharged ffiall refuse to enlilt, or ffiall 44 not be approved, he ffiall continue to belong to the Regiment 44 from which discharged § 15.—Adt ffiall not authorize the enlisting 44 or persuading to enlist, any Man not duly discharged. § 16:—His 44 Majesty may ilfue Orders to Lieutenants of Counties and Com-44 rnanding Officers, for putting this Act into Execution. § 17.—. 44, No Person shall be drafted from the Regiment in which he enlisted, 44 unless firlt discharged therefrom. $3 8.—On producing Certificates 44 to Lieutenants of Counties of Men having been enlisted, their 44 Names ffiall be discharged from the Lift of Men serving for the 44 County. § 19.—Adjutants of the Militia ffiall transmit Returns 44 of the Men who have enlisted under this Act to the Clerk of the 44 Subdivision Meetings, who ffiall transmit to the Overseers in Eng-, 44 land, and Trealurers of the Kirk Session in Scotland, an Account of 44’ the Privates so enlisted. § 20.—Adt ffiall not extend to the City of 44 'London. § 21.—Provilions relating to Counties and to Regiments 44 extended to Stewartries, Battalions, Szc, § 22.—Adt may be 44 altered or repealed this Session, § 23.

[SeeaJimilar Act, 45 G. 3. c. 31,]

CAP. LVIIL An Act for encouraging the Exportation of Salt from Ireland.

[13th Augujl 1807.]

WHEREAS by ari Act, made in the Forty-fixth Year of H*3 prdfent Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An A3 more ejfe&ually t° 4 regulate the Collection of the Duties on Goods, Wares, and Mere ban -

4 di%

Hosted by

AD.1807..	470	GEO.	HI.	SefT.	3.	0.58^59.	4^7

3 di%e imported or exported into or from Ireland, and the Payment

*	of Bounties, Allowances, <2/*^/ Drawbacks thereon ; it is amongst

*	other Things enacted that no Salt of the Produce or Manufacture § 71.

*	of Gm// Britain or Ireland shall be exported from Ireland (except

*	to Newfoundland in Manner ir- the said Adi mentioned) in any i Ship or Vessel of less Burthen than One hundred Tons; and it is

*	expedient to permit the Exportation of such Salt from Ireland in

*	Veffels of any Burthen not less than Eighty Tons be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Conient cf the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

of the same. That from and after the palling of this Adi, Salt British or Tnfti of the Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland may be Sa!t ,naV be exported from Ireland in Ships or Velfels of less Burthen than One •hundred Tons, and not being of less than Eighty Tons ; any Thing vcflre|s under in the said recited Adi, or any other Adi or Adis, to the contrary ioojnd not less notwithstanding :	Provided	always,	that	the Exportation of such than 80 Tons.

Salt shall be subject to all other Idules, Regulations, and Reftridlions Suen SnR may , in the said recited Adi, or in any other Adi or Adis in force in Ireland, ^ewV^uiidLiud. •mentioned and contained, and not expressly altered by this Adi ; and that such Salt may be exported to Newfoundland in such Manner as in ■and by the said recited Adi is mentioned and allowed.

CAP. L1X.

An .Act to amend an Act of the Forty-fixtfi Year of His Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Office of Receiver General of the Poll Office in England. [13th Aiigujl 1807,]

* Wan Act was palled in the Forty-fixth Year of the <	* * Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the letter

&	Regulation of the Office of Receiver General of the Pof Office in ‘ England : And Whereas it is necessary to repeal and amend certain ‘ of the Provihons of the said Act may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act as enacts that the Receipt of the Oafhier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall be a sufficient Discharge, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed ; and in lieu and instead thereof the Entry of all Sums of Money, Bills, and Drafts, paid into the Bank of England, in a Book to be provided with the Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Trea-fury, and sent for that Purpose by the Receiver General, shall be a fuflicient Discharge, and which Book shall after the making of such Entries be returned [*/<?] the Cafhier- or Cashiers of the Bank of England, to the Person making any Payments from the said Receiver General.

II. And be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for any Person, duly authorized by the Receiver General, and approved of by the Post Mailer General for the Time being, to receive any Monies, *r make any Payments, or iign any Drafts, or other Instruments

D d 4	©r

46 G. 3. e. S3.

Instead of a

Reenpr, an Entry lb a 11 b« made of Sums paid into the B ir.k in a Book, provided for che Purpoie.

[•*>]

Person

autnorifed by Receiver General, and approved

4o3

C.$9 ~6 r •

47° GEO. III. Self.:

A.D.1807,

Fy Bo Anna (Ur, nvav receive Monies,

JL>1 lifts, See.

Punishment of F rging the !N;ime of any Person so autho-me cl I.y the XLccciveiG :ncr: 1, F tony without Clergy.

Bank nc t accounrable for Omissions under 46 G.3. C.83. §5.

or Writings, or do any Act, Matter, or Thing, relating to the CffL cer of inch Receiver General, to receive any fitch Monies, and make any fucli Payments, or sign any such Drafts or other In liniments or Writings, or do any such other Act, Matter, or Thing ; and the same shall be deemed good, valid, and effectual, under the said Act, as if such Powers had been given in the said recited Act 3 any Thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding;.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons ft 1 all knowingly and wilfully forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act or alii ft in forging or counterfeiting the Name or Hand Writing of any Person or Per Ions duly authorized by the Receiver General of the Poll Office-, to yh aw any inch Drafts, Instruments, or Writings as afevesaid, to any Draft, Iiiilrument, or Writing whatsoever, • for or in order to the receiving or obtaining any of the Money in the Hands or Custody of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on account of the Receiver General of'the Poll Office, or fa all forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully add or afiiit in the forging or counterfeiting, any Draft, In-ftrument or Writing, in Form of a Draft, made by any fucli Per--ion, or shall utter or publifti any such, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, with an Intention to defraud any Person whomsoever, or any Corporation, every such Person or Persons so offending-, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be and is and are hereby declared, and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy: Provided also, that nothing in the said Adi contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to render the Bank of England accountable for or oil account of any Omission or Miltake in relation to any Figure required by the said recited Adi to be inserted in the Margin of any Diaft drawn under the Provisions of the said Act.

CAP. LX.

An Act to give further Time for purchasing the Legal Quays.

and Warehouses, in the Port cf London.	[13th Augiijl	1807.]

“ The Period within which the Treasury are required' to purchase

43 G. 3-

43 G. 3. c. 70,

the legal Quays under 46 G. 3. Years.

118, further extended for Two

An Act to

and Merchant!!:

' CAP, LXL

repeal certain Duties on Foreign Goods, Wares,

e exported from Great Britain to Ireland.

[13th Augujl 1807.]

WHEREAS by an Adi made in the Forty-third Year of His preient Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties of Gvjloms payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof ; and alio by another Act made in the said Forty-third Year, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty, during theprefent Bar, and until the Ratification of a defiiniiiveTreaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods,-Wares, and Merchandise, and on the Tonnage of Skips and V effels in Great Britain 5 and also by an Adi made in the Forty-fixth Year of His

‘ present

409

A.D.1807.

.47° GEO., III. SeIT.2.

C.61—6

O'

c present Mojefty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to His Ma- 46 G. 3. c. 4s. C JefJy> during the present War and for Six Months after the Expiration 4 thereof by the Ratification of a definitive Treaty of Peace, additional

*	Duties,, -9/2 certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported into and c exportedfrom, 'or brought or carried Coaflwife within Great Britain ;

4 certain Duties are impeded on the Exportation from Great Britain £ of certain Foreign Goods enumerated under the Title of Foreign 6 in the Schedule A. to the said first recited Adi annexed : And

*	Whereas it is conformable to the Principles of the Adcs for the 6 Union of Great Britain and Ireland, that Foreign Goods should pafs

4 through either Country to the other without any Charge or .

4 Incumbrance of Duty thereon, and Doubts have been entertained ‘ whether the said Duties are not payable under the said Adis on 4 the Exp Ttation of fueh Foreign Goods from Great Britain to 4 IrelandA be it therefore ear-died by the King’s mod Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the palling of this Ay.cc all Duties under the said recited Adis or under any other Adi or Adis in force at the Time of the patilug of this Act, on the Exportation from Great Britain to Ireland of any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize not being the C-rowTi, Produce, or Manufacture of G- eat Britain, (hull be and the same are hereby repealed : And all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize not being the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain, shall and may be exported from G>-eat Britain to Ireland without Payment of the said Duties or any of them ; any Thing in the said recited Acts or either of them, or in any other Adi or Adis to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

All Duties ora the Exportation from Great Britain to Ireland of Good.s not of British Mnnu-fa£Uire, repealed^ and fuch-Goods may be so exported Duty free*

CAP. LXIL

An Adi to fuspend, until the Firffc Day of May One thou fan d" eight hundred and eight, the Payment of all Drawbacks on Spirits made or distilled in Great Britain or Ireland, and exported from either Country to the other respectively.

[13th Augujl 1807.]

Recital of Adi 47 G. 3. Self. 1. c 20.—Payment of Drawbacks 44 for Home-made Spirits exported from Great Britain to Ireland, or ?c from Ireland to Great Br tain, suspended till May 1, 1808.

CAP. LXIII.

An Adi for repealing the Duties and Drawback payable on Silks, and for granting other Duties and another Drawback in lieu thereof.	[13th	Augujl 1807. J

*	7 HERE AS it is expedient to repeal the Duties of Excite now

4 Id payable on all Irtfh printed, painted, stained, or dyed Silks, 4 and upon all Silks and Silk Handkerchiefs, which lliall be printed, c stained, or painted in Great Britain, and the several Drawbacks there-4 upon, and to grant other Duties and Drawbacks in lieu thereof ;* be it therefore enacted by the King’s rnoft Excellent Majesty, by

and

Hosted by

4xo

C. 63.

47® GEO. III. Self. 2.

A.D. 3807.

The Duties and Drawbacks of Excite now payable, in Great Britain on Briufh and lrifh Silks Otall cease, and new Dunes arnd Drawbacks payable, via.

Silks painted, &c. in Great Britain, ,r. d Ii iih pair.ttd Silks imported into Great Britain, a Duty of Ed. per Square Yard.

Drawback, on British Silks exported, of the wnolc Duties.

and with the Advice and Confect of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affiembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the palling of this Act, all and singular the said Duties and the said Drawbacks shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid-or payable, save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering, allowing, or paying any Arrears thereof respectively which may at any Time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture relating thereto respectively, which lhali have been incurred at any Time before the passing of this Act ; and that from and after the passing of this Adi in lieu and instead of the said respective Duties of Ex die hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto Plis Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the ieveral Duties of Excise herein-after respectively mentioned ; that is to say, For every Yard Square of all Silks, of what* ever Lind, or by whatever Denomination the same are or may be called or known, which lhali be printed, flamed, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, over and above the Duties payable upon the Importation of them or any of them, except such Siiks not being Handkerchiefs as shall be dyed throughout of one Colour only, the Sum of Sixpence, and so in Proportion for any greater cr less Quantity than a Yard Square of such Silks ; and for every Yard Square of all Irljh printed, llained, painted, or dyed Silks of whatever Kind, or by whatever Denomination the same are or may be called or known, which shall be imported from Ireland into Great Britain, over and above the Duty of Cuftoras payable upon the Importation of Silk, except such Silks as shall be dyed throughout of one Colour only, the Sum of Sixpence, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Yard Square of such Silks ; and that from and after the passing of this Adi, in lieu and instead of the Drawback hereby repealed, there shall be made, allowed, and paid, the Drawback herein-after mentioned ; that is to say, for all Silks of whatever Kind, or by whatever Denomination the same are or may be called or known, printed, llained, painted, or dyed, in Great Britain, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, a Drawback of all the Duties which shall have been paid thereon ; and that all and singular the Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Rest addons, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, an ft Things which are contained, provided, settled, or established, in or by any Aft or Acts of Parliament in force at and immediately before the passing cf this Adi, relating to the Duties of Excise on printed, llained, painted, or dyed Silks, for managing, ascertaining, railing, levying, collecting, recovering, answering and paying, fid-judging, mitigating, and allowing the Duties and Drawbacks thereby granted, shall be pradtiied and put in Execution in and for the managing, answering and

said Duties on printed, llained, painted, or dyed Silks, and the said Drawback respectively granted by this Adi, and in and for the preventing, detecting, and punishing Frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Conditions, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated and re-enadled in this present Adi.

CAP.

ascertaining*, railing, levying, collecting, recovering, paying, adjudging, mitigating, and allowing the

A.D.1807.

470 GEO. III. SciT z.

C. 64, 65.

411

CAP. LXIV.

A11 Aft to allow the Bounty now payable on British Callicoes and Cottons exported to Gibraltar to be paid on the same Articles when exported to Malta,	[13th Flugujl *807.]

*	HE REAS it is expedient that Provision should be made for

c H granting Bounties, on British Callicoes and Cottons, on BritJJo <■ and Irjh Linens, Brown and White, and on printed Linens and f Sail Cloth exported to the Island of Malta f be it therefore enacted by the King’s mold Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual arid Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, arid by the Authority of the same. That the same Bounties shall be given and paid on all Cotton, printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Brit din, 011 British and IrjfJj Linens, Brown and White, and on printed Linens and Sail Cloth, which, from and after the Eirft Day of February One thou-land eight hundred and seven, shall have been or shall be exported out pay.* his thereon of Great Britain ©r Ireland to the Island of Malta, as are now due if exported iv and payable on Articles of the like Kind exported to Gibraltar, and Gibului. under the like Proviflons, Conditions, Limitations, Penalties and Forfeitures, as are provided by Law with refoeft to the Exportation of those Articles to the lad-mentioned Place.

Like Bounties fhj.l be jpven ora Cottons, Linens, See. exported to Malta, n> are

T/r(l

3*

CAP. LXV.

An Act to exempt Sales of West Lidia Produce by the it ^

India Dock Company, for Payment of Duties and Charges, from the Auction Duty.	[13th Augujl 1 807*]

'HEREAS by an Aft passed in the Forty-fecond Year of 42 G. 5. c. 93. the Reign of Plis present Majesty, among other Things for

*	exempting, from the Auction Duty, Goods imported in any British *• .Ship from any Brtiijh Colony in America or from the United States,

*	it was enacted, that all Goods imported in any British Ship or Vessel

*	from any British Colony in America. or from the United States,

*	might be fold by Auction free of the Auction Duty, under cer-

*	tain Provisions and Regulations limiting such Exemption to the 1 first Sale of such Goods, for the Account of the original Importer ‘ thereof, by whom the same should be entered at the Custom House,

*	within Twelve Months after the Importation : And Whereas by

*	another Aft passed in the same Year, relating to the Concerns of the

*	JVeJl India Dock Company in the Port of London, it was pro-c vided that in the Event of Entries not being made at the Custom < House, of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, the Produce of the

*	IVeJl Indies, within Seven Days after the Arrival of the Ship import-

*	ing the same in any of the Docks, Batons, or Cuts, in that Aft

*	mentioned, it should be lawful for any Officer of the said West India

*	Dock Company,' who should be appointed for that Purpose by the

*	Directors within a limited Time to cause such Goods to be entered c in order to pay or to secure the Duties due thereupon, and to retain

*	the same as Security for the Re-payment of the Duties, and in case

*	of Failure of Re-payment to the Directors within a limited Time,

< then

41 G. 3. €, § 15,16.

cxlii.

S'ie of Goods into

YVtix india I- OKS, fold t;> rtinibuife Cti ir^cs evcfiipicd rrom -xuctijn Duty.

4 then to enable them to fell such Goods or any Part thereof as shall 4 be urfficient to answer and iatisfy the said Duties, together with all 4 Expenees as well attending the landing and warehoufing as the Sale,

4 together with legal lnterell lor any Mcnev which should and might 4 be advanced or diibiiried for the same : And Whereas it is expedient 4 to exempt the Sales lo made by the Directors of the said West India 4 Dock Company from the Duty on Auctions on Goods to be fold as 4 atoreiaid be it therefore enabled by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the lame, That from and after the puffing of this. Abe, ail Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, the Produce of the West Indies, brought into any of the Docks, Batons, or Cuts of the said West India Dock Company in the Pert of London, which shall be fold by the Directors ct the said Company, or under their Autho* rity, conformably to the Proviiions in the said recited Adds, to reimburse themieives for Charges incurred for Duties, landing, ware-houiing. Interest of Money advaneed, or for any other Purpose refpedt-* ing the same, such Sales shall be free of the Duty imposed by Law on Goods and Eiiebts fold by Auction.

of Smuggling.

Briiifh Luggers abmvc Fifty Tons shall be forfeited.

Owners of Veilch under IFifiy Tons

£h: it take out L'C e:'Ci: veittiir TVo r.'f<. 111;s after pafi'incr

uTa

Boats with more t »an Six Oars lorfeited (if ia

CAP.	LX VI.

An Act to make more effectual Provision for the Prevention

[13th Augujl 1807.]

PIE REAS it is expedient to make further Regulations for - . the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling, and of the ille-4 gal Importation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize be it therefore enacted, by the King’s mold Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Conient of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the palling of this Aft, every Veil el belonging in the Whole or in Part to Plis Majesty* s Suhjests, or whereof One Half of the Persons on board shall be Subjects of His Majesty, exceeding the Burthen of Fifty Tons by Admealurement, which shall be rigged or fitted as a Lugger, shall, together with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, be for-* felted, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of His Majesty’s Army or Navy or Marines, or of Culloms or Excise.

II.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That the Owner or Ov/Yiers of every Vessel or Boat, rigged and,fitted at the Time of the palling of this Aft, not exceeding the Burthen of Fifty Tons by Admeasurement, who shall be desirous of navigating such Ship or Vessel, for the Purpose of filhing or carrying on lawful Trade, or as a Packet, or for any other lawful Purpose, shall take out a Licence from the Commissioners of the Customs in England, Scotland, or Ireland, or any Three or more of them, within Two Months after the palling of this Act ; and during such Period of Two Months from the palling of this Aft, no such Vessel or Boat shall be liable to Seizure or Forfeiture, under the Proviiions of this Act, for want of such Licence.

III.	And be it further enacted, That in case any Boat belonging in the Whole gr in Part to His Majesty’s Subjects, or whereof Oti^

Half

C. 66.

4*3

A.D.1807.	470	GEO.	III.	Self,	it

Half of the Persons on board shall be Subjects of His Majesty, being Ports, &c. or rowed with or conllruCled to row with more than Six Oars, shall be withm too found within the Limits of any Port in the United Kingdom, or in any eagu Part of the Brliifh or Info Channols, or elsewhere on the High Seas, within One hundred Leagues of any Part of the Coasts of Great Britain or Ireland, every such Boat, with all her Furniture, Tackle, and Apparel, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty,’s Army, Navy, or Marines, or of the Customs or Excise.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in r° extend to this A Cl contained, as to the Number of Oars of any Boat, shall

extend or be conilrued to extend to any Boat employed in the Whale v	*

Fiffieries, nor to any Boat belonging to any Merchant Ship or Vessel, exceeding the Burthen of Two hundred and fifty Tons, nor to any Life Boat, nor to any Boat employed solely in Rivers or Inland Navigations.

V.	And be it further enaCled, That no Ship, VefTel, or Boat, Vessels dial! be belonging in the Whole or in Part to His Majeify’s SubjeCls, or navigated by a whereof One Half of the Persons on board shall be SubjeCls of His

Majesty, and not being a Lugger, and at the Time fitted and rigged as proportioned to

such, shall have^on board or be navigated by a greater Number of Men) their Tonnage.

Officers and Boys included) than in the fallowing Proportion to the

Number of Tons of her Measurement, (that is to say), if of Thirty

Tons or under and above Five Tons, Four Men; if of Sixty Tons

or under and above Thirty Tons, Five Men ; if of Eighty Tons or

tinder and above Sixty Tons, Six Men 5 if of One hundred Tons or

under and above Eighty Tons, Seven Men ; and above that Tonnage

One Man for every Fifteen Tons of such additional Tonnage ; or if a

Lugger, the following Proportions, (that is to say ), if of Thirty

Tons or under. Eight Men ; if of Fifty Tons or under and above

Thirty Tons, Nine Men; and in case any such Ship, Vessel, or Boat,

shall be found or discovered to have been within the Limits or

Distance aforesaid, having on board any greater Number of Men than

in the Proportions before limited and fet forth, every such Ship,

Vessel, or Boat, and all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty Js Army, Navy, or Marines, or of the Cuffoms or Excise.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Exception as to Act contained shall extend, or be conffrued to extend, to forfeit any Pdfengers, Ship, Vessel, or Boat, by reason of any Man or Men exceeding any on^rd^roia such Proportion as aforesaid, being on board of any such Ship, Vessel, Diitrcls &c* or Boat, whether such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, shall b'e a regular and established Packet or Passage Vessel or not, who shall bordf.de be a Passenger or Passengers only on board of such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, or who shall have been taken on board at Sea under any Cireumflances of Diilreis, or unavoidable Necefiity, Proof of such Persons being Passengers only, or of such Ciicumflances being given, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners or His Majesty’s Customs in England,

Scotland and Ireland respectively, if required by them, or to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Exci fe in England, Scotland, or Ireland, on Seizures made by the Officers of Excise, or brought to any Ware-koufe belonging to the Excise.

VII.	Provided

Hosted by

4T4

Exceptions ns to Ships of War, Revenue Boats, Fhhing Vettds, Licenled Boats, &c.

Britift VefTcl", having on t>oard fnr.n!! Cordage, Oitics', or Implements, or Marenah, &rc. for fmuggling-, forfeited.

VcfTels and Boats discovered within SLeagues or 4 Leagues, having on board, or having had illegal Cordage, Gasks, &c. forfeited.

C. 66.	47°	GEO.	III.	Ssff.	j.	A.D.1807.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein-before contained, in relation to the Number of Oars with which any Boat may be rowed, or conitru&ed to row, or to the Proportions of Men to be allowed to any fuck Ships, Vessels, or Boats, shall extend or be conilrued to extend to any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, belonging to Id is Majefcy, or in the Service of Government, or in the Employment of the Customs or Excise, nor to any Ship or Vessel having a Letter or Letters of Marque from the Commissioners of the Admiralty for the Time being, or to forfeit any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, bond fide employed in Net Fishing, by reason of any Excels of Number of Men above such Proportions! on board of any inch Fifning Ship, Vessel, or Boat, when honajide and at the Time employed wholly in Fishery, or to any Vessel or Boat licensed [by the Commissioners of Customs in England, Scotland, or Ireland, refpedHvely, to use more than Six Oars, or to carry any greater Number of Men than the Proportion allowed by this A 61.

VIII.	And be it further enabled. That if any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, of whatever Size, Draught of Water, or Description, the same be, belonging in the Whole or in Part to His MajeAy’s Subjects, or whereof One-half of the Persons on board shall be Subjedfs of His Majesty, shall be found or discovered to have been within the Limits or Didance aforesaid, having on board, or having had on board, during the Voyage, any small Cordage, adapted and prepared for flinging small Calks, or having on board, or having had on board, during the Voyage, any more Ankers, Half Ankers, or other small Casks under Sixty Galions, or any Tin or otherCases, or Bladders of less Content than Sixty Galions, (and capable of containing Liquids) of the Sort or Description used, or intended to be iiied, or fit or adapted for the smuggling of Spirits, than shall be really necessary for the Use of the Paid Vessel, or any Materials for the forming, making, or conftriusting, of any such Ankers, Half Ankers, or other small Calks*, or Cases or Bladders, or having on board, or having had on board, during the Voyage, any Syphon, Tube, Hose, or Implements whatever, for broaching or drawing any Fluid, more than is usual and necessary to have on board for the fair and ordinary Purposes of Ule in the Voyage, and not being a Part of the Cargo, and included as such in the regular official Documents, or having on board, or having had on board, during the Voyage, any Articles, Implements, or Materials, adapted and prepared for the re-packing any Tobacco or Snuff which may be on board, or have been on board, during the Time, every such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, and all her Guns, Furniture^ Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, together with the said Implements, Ankers, Calks, Cases, and Materials, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty’s Army, Navy, or Marines, or of the Customs or Excise.

IX.	And be it further enariced, That if any Ship, Vessel, or Boat whatever, shall be found or discovered to have been hovering, or within the Limits or Uiftances of Four or Eight Leagues of such Parts of the Coasts of Great Britain or Ireland refpeflively, as are in any A£t or A6fs of Parliament, passed for the Prevention of Smuggling, described and fpecilied as to inch respective Distances of Four and Eight Leagues, having on board, or having had on board during the Voyage, any small Cordage adapted and prepared for flinging

small

Hosted by

C. 66;

4 IS

small Casks ; or having oh board, ©r having had on board, during the Voyage, any more Ankers, Half Ankers, or other small Cades under Sixty Galions, or any Tin or other Cases, or Bladders, of lets Content than Sixty Galions, (and capable of containing Liquids,1 of the Sort or Description. use cl, or intended to be used, or fit or adapted for the fmuggliug of Spirits, than shall be really necessary for the Use of the faid'Vessel; or any Materials for the forming, making, or confcruciing of any such Ankers, Half Ankers,. or other small Cades, or Cases or Bladders as aforesaid, or having on board, or having had on board, during the Voyage, any Syphon, Tube,

Hose, or Implements, whatsoever, for broaching or drawing any'

Fluid, more than is usual and necessary to have on board for the fair and ordinary Purposes of Use in the Voyage, and no: being'a Part of the Cargo, and included as such in the regular official Documents ; or having on board, or having had on board, duiing the Voyage, any Articles, Implements, or Materials, adapted and prepared for the re-packing any Tobacco or Snuff which may be on board, or have been on board, during the Time"; or if any Boat rowed with, or con-ftrudted for rowing, with more than Six Oars, lb all be found, or discovered to have been hovering, or within such refpedhve Limits or Distances of Four or Eight Leagues as aforesaid, every such Ship,

Vessel, or Boat, and all her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, together with the said Implements, Ankers, Calks, and Materials, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of His MajeftyL Army, Navy, or Marines, or of the Customs or Exeife.

X.	And be it further enacted, That in case any Tobacco or Snuff [f Tobacco ©r shall be found on board any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, belonging in the Snuff is found Whole or in Part to His Majesty’s Subjects, or whereof One Half of on board any the Persons on board shall be Subjects of His Majesty, which shall be	^ c *

found or discovered to have been within the Limits of any Port or Leagues, fepa-Harbour of the United Kingdom, or in any Port or Harbour of the rated or divided United Kingdom, or in any Part of the British cr Irish Channels, or m any Manner elsewhere, in the High Seas, within One hundred Leagues of the p^"1 ^or*8** Coasts of Great Britain or Ireland, (except for the Use of the Seamen h -fving^anv other theti belonging to and on board such Ship or Vessel, not exceeding the Ai tide inuo-Quantity now allowed by Law for the Ule of such Seamen) which, duc'.d therein, although contained in a Package cr Packages of legal Size and Di- the same fhall_ menfions, shall nevertheless be separated or divided within the Package or Packages into smaller Packages,either by Cords or Strings, or any tne n'p> other Article or Thing introduced into the Package, or in any Manner whatever ; or if any other Goods, or any Article whatever, shall be found in any Package of Tobacco, all such Tobacco or Snuff, with the Package, and every Article contained therein, and also the Ship, Vessel, or Boat, with the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition,

Tackle, and Apparel, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of His Majefty5s Army, Navy, or Marines, or of the Customs or Exeife.

XI. £ And Whereas it is expedient to prevent Frauds which may Brinfh Veffds * be committed by Ships trading from the Islands of Jersey, Guern- clearing out front < fey y Alderney, and Sark, to the Prejudice of His MajeftyRevenue, Giiernfcy, &«.

4 and the Trade and Commerce of the United Kingdom of Great 'Spirits, c Britain and Irelandf be it therefore enacted, That if after the w^ne arSaft,

Departure /bail Lot break

4*6

C.66*

47° GEO, III. Seffi.A '	A.D.1S07,

Bulk or alter Departure from toe said Hands refpeflively, of any- Ship, Veffiel, or Cargo during the £oat^ belonging in the Whole or in Fart to His Majesty’s Subjects* through Distress or w’ncreo^ One Half of the Persons on board are Subie&s of His Ma-*	*	jetty, having on board any Spirits, Tobacco, Snuff, Tea, Wine, or

Salt, Bulk Hall be broken, or any Part of the Cargo In all be unladen or umhipped from or out of inch Ship, Vefel, or Boat, or any Alteration shall be made in the Form, Size, Delcription, or Number of the Packages so taken or, board, or m the Quantity or Quality, or Mode of Package of the Goods contained therein, a: any Time while such Ship, Veiiel, or Boat, fnall be in the Pro fee u tie n of the Voyage towards Great Britain or Ireland, or any other Fort or Place whatever , for which inch Ship, Vefiel, or Boat, mini have cleared out from the said Hands, every such Ship, Vessel, or Boat, with her Guns, Fnrnitime,-Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, shall be forfeited, and •fnall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Army, Navy, or Marines, or of the Customs or Excise : Provided always, that no Forfeiture fnall be incurred on account of the breaking Bulk, - or, un (hipping or unlading the Cargo, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, if the lame was done through unavoidable Neceffiity or Dittrefs ; nor ttiall any Forfeiture be incurred on account of any such Alteration in the Cargo of such Ship, Veffiel,-or Boat, if the same was occasioned by inevitable Crude or Accident, or became neceffiary for the Security or Preiervaiion of such Ship, Veffiel, or Boat ; such Neceffiity, Dittress, Cauie, or Accident, to be proved to the Satisfadfion of the Cornmif-f oners of ITis Majesty’s Cuttoms or Excise in England, Scotland, or Ireland rHpektively.

Ko Y' nT;l fhaVl XII. And be it further enacted, That no Ship or Veffiel fnall, ia;!	from and after the Expiration of One Month after the patting of this

without** &C*	AH, lall or depart Horn any or either of the Hands of Guernfcy,

Clcvn irce,	de fey, or Alderney* without having a Clearance, whether such Ship

whet he: in	or Veffiel fnall fail in Ballatt or have a Cargo on board ; and if any

Bail.ui or with	fuch Ship or Veffiel fnall have a Cargo on board, then the Matter or

Cnrgo s and if	other person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship

afterward^ or Veffiel, fnall give Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffiors, before Delivery which Bond every fucli Officer is hereby authorized and required to at Port of	take in Double the Value of such Ship or Veffiel, and of the Cargo on

Clearance, may board, for the due landing thereof at the Port for which such* Ship e Lcliec1'	or Veffiel fnall have cleared ; and every Ship or Veffiel which l'hall not

have such Clearance, or having any inch Clearance for any Cargo, ttiall be found light, or with any Part of inch Car go dilcharged before the Delivery thereof, according to such Clearance, at the Foil fpecitted therein, or within the ‘United Kingdom, ,or at some foreign Port, if cleared from a foreign Fort, unlcis through any unavoidable Neceffiity or Distress, or for the Security or Prefei vation of the Ship or Veffiel, to be proved to the Satisfaction of the Commiffiioners of His Majesty’s Cuttoms or Excile in England, Scotland, or Ireland re-fpe&iveiy, shall be forfeited, and ttiall and may be seized by any Officer of the Army, Navy, or Marines, or of the Customs or Excise.

Vessels shall npt XIII. And be it further enabled, That if any Ship, Veffiel, or ckm out from Boat, "belonging in the V/hole or in Fai t to His Majesty Subjects, or wirhe! eater than whereof One Half of the Persons on board are Sabjc&s of His Ma-alio-.vcci	jetty, shall fail or depart from any or either of the Hands of Guemfeyy

Propouion of	Jerjey, Elclerney, or Sark, with any greater Number or Persons on

board

C. 66.

417

board than 19 allowed under this Ad to be on board any Ship, Vessel, Men, or with or Boat, of like Size and Description, or if any Ship, Vessel, or ^^ia^for Gl Boat whatever, shall fail or depart from any or either of the Islands Smuggling, of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney y or Sark, having on board, or which shall take or have taken on board, during the Voyage, any small Cordage adapted and prepared for flinging final! Caiks, or any Ankers,

Half Ankers, or other small Calks under Sirty Galions, or any Tin

or other Cases or Bladders of less Content than Sixty Galions, and

capable of containing Liquids of the Sort or Description used, or

intended to be uied, or fit or adapted for the fn'.uggling of Spirits,

than shall be really necessary for the Use of inch 'VefTel, or any

Materials for the forming, making, or conftfuding of any such

Ankers, Half Ankers, or small Calks, Cases, Boxes, or Bladders as

aforesaid, or having on board, or which Shall take or have taken on

board, during the Voyage, any Syphon, Tube, Hose, or Implements “

whatever, for broaching or drawing off any Fluid, more than is ufual

and necessary to have on board for the fair and ordinary Purposes of

the Voyage, or having on board, or which Shall take or have taken,

during the Voyage, any Articles, Implements, or Materials, adapted

and prepared for the re-packing any Tobacco or Snuff which may be

on board, or have been on board any inch Ship, Vessel, or Boat

during the Voyage, every such Slip, Vessel, or Boat, as aforesaid, Penalty,

shall, together with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Forfeiture of tU$

Apparel, be forfeited, and shall and may be ieized by any Officer or Ship, &c.

Officers of the Army, Navy, or Marines, or of the Ci Homs or

Excise.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every Ship or Vessel BritiQi Vessels belonging in the Whole or in Part, to His Majesty's Subjects, or laden with whereof One Half of the Persons on board shall be Subjects of His Spirits,&c. in Majesty, which Shall, after the palling of this Ad, have been laden out Licence with or shall have taken on board any Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff, or shall be forfeited, Tea, in any foreign Port belonging to any State or Power at War with if seized within His Majeity, or Shall have received or taken any such Articles on board Months, from any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, coming out of or from any such Port in any greater Quantity than shall be necessary for the Use of the Men en board of iueh Ship or Vessel for the Voyage, without a Special Licence from His Majesty’s Privy Council, or from the Lords'Com-mifiioners of the Admiralty, or from One of His Majesty’s Secretaries of State, Shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer..-of His Majesty's Army or Navy or Marines, or Customs or Excise ;

Provided always, that no such Seizure Shall be made after the Expiration of Six Months from the Time of such Ship or Vessel h%ffng so laden or taken on board such Spirits, Tobacco, Snuff, or Tea, as aforesaid.

XV. And be it further enabled, That no Person found on board of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, liable to Seizure under this Ad, or any Ad or Adis of Parliament passed for the Prevention of Smuggling, fhafi be entitled to claim the Benefit of any Protection which may have been granted to secure such Person from being impressed into His Majesty’s Service, or to which he may be entitled under any Ad or Ads of Parliament, or any Law or Laws, or in respect of any iuch Velfd having Letters of Marque ; but every such Protection of every Person so found as aforesaid, shall be absolutely null and void ;

$7 G-£o. III.	E	e	and

All Protections of Men found on board of Vessels liable to Seizure to be foi feited; Men shall be r.opressed, and shall serve, &c. as under 45 G. 3. o. lai. § 7,

C. 66.

418

Co"nmilfroncrs rf Cuitoms, Scc. shall rewaid Pcwioiw taking inch Men.

Powers of

Seizure by Officers of Army eiCtr.dcd to Militia, &c.

[■-•A 45 G. 3. c, 5 j 6.]

All Proviso ns, &c. regarding Vessels, Ac. found within 4 l») S Leagues rr-ended to VciTels within 100 Leagues, if o il'C DJorip-

non in this A cl.

470 GEO. III. Self. 2.	A.D,	1807.

and also, it shall be lawful for any Officer of the Army, Navy, or Marines, or of the Cuitoms or Excite, to detain or to take and carry any such Perion, and every Person liable to be arretted and detained under this A<ffi, or an Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His prefeni Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling, being a Seaman or seafaring Man, to any Ship or Vessel of War in His Majesty’s Service, or to the Custody of , any Officer employed in His Majesty's Imp rest Service ; and any such Person being such Seaman or seafaring Man as aforesaid, may thereupon, if fit and able to serve His Majesty, be impreffied into His Majesty’s Naval Service ; and no Person so impreffied shall, unlets he shall be disabled or become unfit for Service, be discharged from His Majesty’s Service during the Period of Five Years, nor after the Termination of such Five Years, until the Conclusion of any War in which His Majesty may be then engaged ; and all the Provisions and Penalties in the said recited Act of the Forty-fifth Year afore-said, contained, as to discharging any Man entering into PI is Majesty *3 Service under the said A 61, shall extend to Men so impreffied under this Act ; and no Person lo impreffied shall forfeit any such Penalty of Treble Value, or One hundred Pounds, as in the said Aft mentioned, unless he shall desert His Majesty’s Service, or quit the same without being duly discharged, any Thing in the said Aft of the Jforty-fifth Year, or in any Aft or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwith-llanding; and it shall be lawful for the Commiffiioners of Cuitoms or Excise of England, Scotland, and Ireland respectively, and they are hereby required, upon Proof made to their Satisfaction, that any such Men .have been so impreffied and detained in or delivered over to His Majesty’s Naval Service, and also of the Ship, Vessel, or Boat, it1 which they shall be found, being liable to Seizure, or of such Person being liable to be detained as aforesaid, to award to the Person so detaining and delivering over any such Man or Men, any Sum. not exceeding Twenty Pounds for each Man so detained or delivered over.

XVI.	And be it further declared and enacted, That all the Powers, Provisions, and Authorities in this A£l or in any other Aft or A6ls contained, in relation to the making of any Seizures by any Officer or . Officers of His Majesty’s Army ; or to the arresting.or detaining any Man liable to be arrested or detained under any Aft or Acts of Parliament paffied for the Prevention of Smuggling, shall extend and be construed to extend to all Officers of the Militia while embodied, or of the Volunteers, or any other of His Majesty’s Military Forces while 0i Service, and subject to the Provisions of any Aft in force Jfor the Punifoment of Mutiny and Desertion.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That every Ship, Vessel, or Boat, belonging in the Whole or in Part to His Majesty’s Subjects, cr whereof One Half of the Persons on board shall be Subjects of His Majesty, and being or falling within the Provisions of or £ eicr p - tion contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament *in force on and immediately before the palling of this Act, and which would, under and by virtue of those Provisions, or any or either of them, or any inch Act, be liable to Forfeiture for hovering, or being found and difeoverecto have been within Four or Eight Leagues of such Part gj; the Coaih of Great Britain or Ireland reflectively, as are in any

2	-	fuch

A.D. 1807.	470GEO. III. Seff.2.	C.66.	419/

such Act or Acts of Parliament described, and specified as to such respective Distances of Four and Eight Leagues, /hall, together with all the Goods laden on-board, and the Guns, Ammunition,

Tackle, and Apparel, be subject and liable to Forfeiture, if found / in any Part of the British or Irtfh- Channels, or elsewhere on the High Seas, within One hundred Leagues of any Part of the Coasts of Great Britain or Irelan d under any of the CircumHarices specified, described, or mentioned in any such Act or Acts as aforesaid; and all the Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Forfeitures, Penalties, Restrictions, Exemptions, Matters, and Things contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to any such Ship, VefTel, or Boat hovering or found or discovered to have been within such Four or Eight Leagues respectively fof the Coast of Great Britain or Ireland, and also relating to any Goods laden on board any such * Ship, VefTel, or Boat, and the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition,.

Tackle, and Apparel thereof, shall be and the same is and are hereby declared several ly and respectively to extend to, and shall apply and be in full force, and be applied and put in Execution as to every such Ship, VefTel, or Boat, which shall be found as aforesaid in any Part of the British or Irish Channels, or elsewhere on the High Seas, within One hundred Leagues of any Part of the Coasts of Great Britain or I:eland; and alio to all Goods laden on board any such Ship, VefTel, or Boat, and the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition,

Tackle, and Apparel thereof, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said several Clauses, Provisions,

Powers, Authorities, Forfeitures, Penalties, Reftrkftions, Exemptions,

Matters, and Things relating thereto, were particularly and ex-* prefsly repeated and re-ena£ied in the Body of this Add.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commfffioners -palling of this Act, the Commissioners of His MajeftVs Customs or of Customs and Excise, in England and Scotland respectively for the Time being, Excise inEngland shall and they are hereby authorized and empowered respectively, out Scotland * of any Monies in their Hands ariiing from Seizures or Duties under Reward Officers their Management, to reward any Officer or Officers of the Customs seizing VeiTels or Excise, or of the Army, Navy, or Marines, who shall seize any or Boats, liable VefTel or Boat, which by Law shall be liable to be broken up after to be broken up, Condemnation, and which shall not be used in His Majesty’s Service, ^ or fold to be employed or used as a- Privateer, in the Manner herein- Service^or as* after mentioned ; (that is to say) to such Officer or Officers, for all Privateers, with such Veftels or Boafs as shall exceed Four Tons by Admeaf which shall be seized and condemned, an Allowance o Shillings per Ton, according to the legal Admeasurement and for all such Boats which shall not exceed Four Tons by Ad-measurement, and which shall be seized and condemned, an Allowance of Forty Shillings per Ton; and for all Ships, Veftels, and Boats, which, on Account of their Built, Conftru&ion, Denomination, or Description, are liable to Forfeiture by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force, or hereafter to be made, and which shall be liable to be broken up, and which said Ships, Veftels, and Boats, at the Time of -the Seizure thereof, shall be found in Ballast or light, an Allowance of Twenty Shillings per Ton, to he paid upon the Condemnation of such Ships, Veftels, and Boats, according to the legal Admea-fureiuent thereof ; and all such Allowances shall be in Addition to

Ee?	all

urement, ceitain Sums, f Thirty according to thereof; ihcirTonnage.

420

C .66.

Increase of Hewaids to *'• Hirers Oil penal I’mtCcut ions.

F i regulating Iv'w.rds u> Ollicer.s making Sv izures df Spirits, Tobacco, cud SauT.

[ AV, 45 G. ■>.

c' § T5-J

47° GEO. III. Sell. 2.	A.D.1807.

all other Allowances, Sums of Money, or Rewards, to which any such Officers or Perlons may be entitled in respect of any such Vessel or Boat.

XIX.	£ And Whereas it is expedient to increase certain Rewards c now allowed by Law to the Officers by whom Prosecutions, c although legally commenced in the Name of His Majesty’s Attor-c ney General, may be carried on ;* be it'therefore enacted, That in dead of the Rewards in those Respects now allowed by Law, in all such Prosecutions, when the lame shall be carried on wholly at the Charge of the Crown, the Officer or Officers concerned therein fhaU be allowed One-fourth ! art of the Sum or Sums of Money which shall be recovered and paid, either by way of Penalty or Composition, from the Defendant or Defendants; and in all such Prosecutions, when the same shall be carried on wholly at the Charge of the Crown, except the Charge of arrelling or taking the. Defendant or Defendants into Custody upon the Sheriff's Warrant, the Officer or Officers concerned therein shall be allowed a Moiety ofAhe Sum or Sums of Money which shall be recovered and paid as aforesaid ; and in all such Prosecutions when the same shall be carried on wholly at the Charge of the Officer or Officers concerned therein, such Officer or Officers shall be allowed.Two-thirds.of the Sum or Sums of Money which shall be recovered and paid as aforesaid ; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding : Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend to alter, vary, or repeal any A Cl or Aids of Parliament now in force, by which any greater Rewards are allowed to the Officers of His Majesty’s Culloms upon Penal Prosecutions, than those allowed by this Abt : Provided also, that no such Officer or Officers shall be at Liberty to commence or carry on any Profeeution, Suit, Information, or Action, for the Recovery of any Penalty, or any Share thereof as aforesaid, in any Case, without the Permission and Direction of the Cummiffioners of His Majesty’s Cuitoms in England, or any Four of them, or the Gommiffioners of His Majesty’s Culloms in Scotland, or ^ any Three of them reipedlively.

XX.	£ And Whereas by an Adi passed in the Forty-hftb Year of c His present Majesty, intituled. An Act for the more cjfeftual Prcven-c lion of Smuggling, certain Rewards are granted to Officers of the

* Revenue, and others making Seizures of Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff: -c And Whereas it is expedient to alter the said Rewards, and to pro-c portion the same in some Degree to the Activity and Zeal of the £ Officers, and the Danger and Risque incurred in making such 6 Seizures be it therefore enacted, That in lieu and instead of the Rewards by the said Adi granted, the Rewards herein-after mentioned llaall be paid and allowed for and in respect of ail Seizures of Spirits, Tobacco, and Snuff, which (hail be made from and after the palling of this Adi; that is to say. in the Case of Seizures of Spirits, To-bacco, or Snuff, made at Sea, or in any Port or Harbour, if the ,$*-,/ Officer of Culloms or Excise, or other Perlons making such Seizures, shall alio arrell, flop, and detain the Persons or some or One of them, who shall be or shall have been emploved, in navigating the Ship, Vei-; fel, or Boat, in or on board which such Spirits, Tobacco^-or Snuff"

shall be or ffiall have been, brought, found, or seized, or in unlacting, removing, or carrying away such Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff, and

shall

Hosted by

C.66.

A.D.1807.	47°	GEO. III. Seff 2.

shall take or convey or cause every Person so arretted, flopped, or detained, to be taken or conveyed before One or more of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, to be dealt with according to Law, then and in such Case such Officer of the Cuttoms or Excise, or other Person so making Seizure of Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff, dial! be entitled to and shall be paid One Moiety of the Value at which such Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff shall be or shall have been respectively estimated or fixed, by the Lords Commiflicners of Mis Majesty’s Treasury, or any Th ree of them, in pursuance of the Powers vetted in them by the faicl A£l ; and in the Case of such Seizures of Spirits, Tobacco* or Snuff, made on Shore, if the Officer of the Cuttoms or Excise or other Person making the- same, fhaU also flop, arrest, and detain the Perfonsor some or One of them from whom the same shall be seized, and shall take or carry or cause every Person so arretted, flopped, or detained, to he taken or carried before One or more of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, to be dealt with according to Law, then and in such Case inch Officer of the Cuttoms or Excise or other Person so making Seizure of Spirits,.Tobacco, or Snuff, shall be entitled to and shall be paid One Moiety of the full Value at which such Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff, shall be or shall have been so Climated or fixed as aforesaid ; and in the Case of Seizure of Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff, whether on Sea or on Shore, if the Officer of the Cuttoms or Excise, or other Person making the same, shall also seize and pro-fecute, or cause to be prosecuted, the Ship, Vessel, or Boat, onboard of which such Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff, shall be or shall have been brought, found, or seized, or the Cattle or Carriages uied or employed in moving or conveying the same, but shall not also flop, arrest, and detain the Persons or some or One of them who shall be or shall have been employed in navigating the Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in or on board which such Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff shall be or shall have been brought, found, or seized, or in unlacting, removing, or carrying away such Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff, or the Persons, or some or One of them from whom the same shall be seized and taken, or carry or cause all and every such Persons so flopped, detained, or arretted, to be taken Or carried before One or more of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, to be dealt with according to Law, then and in such Case the Officer of the Cuttoms or Excise, or other Person miking such Seizure, shall be entitled to and shall be paid only One-third Part of the Value at which such Spirits, Tobacco, and Snuff shall be so estimated or fixed as aforesaid ; and in case any Officer of Cuftor s or Excise, or other Person, shall maki Seizure of any Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff, and shall neither seize and prosecute or cause to be prosecuted the Ship, Vessel, Boat, Cattle, or Carriage, in or on board which such Spirits, Tobacco, and Snuff, shall be, or shall have been brought, found, or seized, or which shall be used or employed in removing or conveying the same, nor shall flop, arrest, and detain the Persons, or some or One of them, who shall be or shall have been employed in navigating the Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in or on board which such Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff shall be or shall have been brought, found, or seized, or in unlacting, removing, or carrying such Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff, cr from whom the lame shall be seized or taken, or shall not carry and convey, or cause all and every such Persons so arretted, flopped, or detained before Oue or in ore of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, then and in such Case the Oflstli Q-f the Cuttoms or Excise, or other Person making such Seizure, shall be

E 0 3	entitled

C .66.

47° GEO. 111. Seff. 2.

A.D. 1807

Officers felling Caits, Sec, uyon tU?*Co tide m-na'i'j'.i entitled 10 Three-fourths of the net Proceed;-,

entitled to and ill all be paid only One-fourth Part of the -V aTiie at which such Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff shall be so efeimated or fixed

as a fere laid.

XXL And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any such Officer or Officers or other Person or Persons as'aforesaid, shall,? upon the Seizure of any Goods whatever liable to Forfeiture by any Act or A Pcs oi Parliament relating to the Revenue'of Cultoms or Excise, alio seize the Carts, Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, made use of in the removing, carriage, or conveyance of any such Goods, and the same shall be condemned, such Officer or Officers or other Person or Persons, in every such Case, shall be entitled to Three-fourths of the Net Proceeds of such Carts, Horses, Cattle> and Carriages refpefl-ively, after all Charges attending the Prosecution and Sale thereof shall be dcdu6led.

XXII. Provided always, and he it further enacted, That if in any of GnfroAvor:or either of the aforesaid Cases it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the a . Commissioners of Customs 01 Excise in England or Scotland reff e flively,

- ^Tfiofe Officer shall have been-prefent at and concerned in the making •reworri Officers of any Seizure	of Spirits, Tobacco, and SnufF, or to whole Warehouse

pn case if	the same fhall	have been brought, that the Officer or other Person

Refcuo,	making fuch	Seizure was .prevented from seizing the Ship, Vessel,

f	Boat, Cattle,	or Carriage in which the same was brought, found, or

seized, or removed or conveyed, of from arrefling or detaining any such Perfpn or Persons so liable to be arrested or detained as aforesaid, by Fofcfe or Violence, or that such Ship, Vessel, Boat, Cattle, Carnage, or Persons, were or was refeued by Force and Violence, and ttifti such Officer or other Person used his utmost Endeavours to seize,

- .detain, and secure such Ship, Vessel, Boat, Cattle, Carriage, and Person or Persons, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Customs and Excise respectively, and they are hereby uthorized and empowered to direct, that such Officer or other Person shall be paid any Sum not exceeding One Moiety of the full •	.	• Value of which such Spirits, Tobacco, or SnufF shall be so eftimated

'	■ or-fixed as aforesaid ; any Thing in this or any other Act or Acts of

Parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithitanciing.

XXIII. And be it fuitber enacted, That from and after the patting of this Act, in all Cases of Seizures made by any Officers, or Warrant

Gomniffiorscrs

JDiftributiort Rewarchto '%

A^™yX12ins°l or Non-commiffioned Officers- or Privates of Plis Majesty’s Army, Seizuies, n,ny and a^°	Cafes of any Officers or Warrant or Non-commiffioned

reguU^vi by Hiss Officers or Privates, who shall aid or affiff any Officer of Cuiloms or Tvi.fieifv in	Excite in the making or securing or guarding of any Seizures* it shall

Council. ^	be [awful for His Majesty in Council to dire61 and provide in what

Manner and in what Proportions the said Rewards, given by this or any other Act or xA^dts of Parliament relating to the Revenues of Cuf-toms or Excise, or passed for the Prevention of Smuggling, shall be divided or distributed .among!! the Commissioned and Warrant and Non commissioned Officers and Privates adtualiy making, or aiding or affiftingin making of the Seizure, and the Commissioned Officer, and Warrant and Non- commissioned Officers and Privates of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which the Persons'actually making, or aiding or affifeing in> the making the Seizure, ,-fnall belong, any Thing in

this or any other A 6b or A< wife7 not v'

Parliament to the contrary in any-

’ i

\

XXIV. And

os'-

- ' /

Hosted^y

A.D. 1807.

470 GEO, III. SefU.

C. 66.'

XXIV.	c And Whereas by an Aft of Parliament palled in the Licences for

*	Twenty-fourth Year oF the Reign of His present Majesty, and by	Snips,

*	several other Affs, certain Ships, VefTels, and Boats, therein par-‘ ticularly mentioned and delcribed, are, in certain Cases, subject to 24 g! 3. c. 4

<	Forfeiture, unless the Owners thereof shall have a Licence for See. shall be 6

<

‘ Person authorized by them to grant the same ; and it is expedient Cuf^oms^i^ c that such Licences should in future be granted only by the Corn- England, c milTioners of His Majesty’s CuPcoms in England and Scotland and Sc.ni.md, c Ireland refpeftivelybe it therefore enabled, That no Licence fer anr] !re!anrb the Navigation of any such Sh p, Vessel, or Boat (hail, from and ln ‘,lul fCtnC

r	1	rr	r t • * o i d , , ^	Lords <. f the

alter the palling 01 tms Act, be granted by the Commilnoners 01 A.dmi ialty. the Admiralty for the Time being, or any Person authorized by them to grant the same ; but that in every Case where by the Laws in force, on and immediately before the palling of this Act, or by virtue or in pursuance of this Aft, the Owner or Owners of any Ship, VeL, fel, or Boat, are required to have a Licence for the Navigation thereof, the same, unless granted before the palling of this Aft, by or under the Authority of the Commissioners of the Admiralty, fyill be granted by the Commissioners of the Cufcoms in England, Scotland, and Ireland respectively, or any Three of them ; and the Ships,

VefTels, and Boats lo licensed by the said Commissioners respectively By virtue of this Aft, shall be subject and liable to all the Rules, Regulations, Refer!diions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, to which Ships,

VefTels, and Boats licensed by the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Admiralty, or by Persons authorized by them, were respectively subject and liable by any Aft or Acts of Parliament m force on and immediately before the palling of this Aft ; and the Owner or Owners of every Ship, Vessel, or Boat •licenfed in pursuance of this Aft, shall also be,subject and liable to the like Securities, Penalties, and Forfeitures, to which the Owner or Owners of any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, so heretofore, required to be licenled by the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, the Commissioners of the Admiralty, or by persons authorized by them, were , subject and liable by any Aft or Acts of Parliament in force on and immediately before the passing of this Ad, as fully and effedu- , ally, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Rules, Regulations,

Reftiiftions, Securities, Penalties, and Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enafted in the Body of this Aft,

XXV.	And be it further enacted, That all Licences required under Licences fhnJl be any of the Provif 01s of this Aft, shall be granted without any Stamp, granted without or Fee or Reward, or any Payment whatever, by the Person requiring' ExPencc* .

the same.	,	,

XXVI.	And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons P naltyon

Hi all counterfeit, erase, alter, or falllfy, or cause to be counterfeited, Pcrfuns coun-erased, altered, or fulfilied, any Licence which has been granted by Lice the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or by the Commissioners -0qi# 1C of the Admiralty ior the Time being, or by any Person authorized by them to grant such Licence, or which shall, in pursuance of this Ad, be granted by the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Cuftomc in England, Scotland, or Ireland, respectively, or any Three of them for the Time beings or shall knowingly or wilfully make use of any Licence so counterfeited, erased, altered, or falsified, fucli Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds. 6

E e 4	xxy

navigating the same, from the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, grained m fu >vc or the Commissioners of the Admiralty for the Time beinm, or some the Lym -pif-

Tf a licensed Ship or Boat be loft, broken up, Scc. tiie Licence jlial! be given up within

Twelve Months*

47° GEO. III. Sell. 2.

A.I). 1807.

Penalty sol. to iool.

Halfthe Penalties recovered under any Licence. Bond fhn'.l be paid the Officer i’eizinr.

Treasury may dire<ft seized Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff, to be fold either for Home Con-fumption or Exportation.

G" 45 G. 3. c-I*'. § ISO

'*±:J

XXVIL And be it further enacted, That whenever any licensed Ship, VefTel, or Boat, shall be loft, broken up, captured, burnt, seized, and condemned, fold or otherwise disposed of, the Licence which shall have been granted for the same shall be delivered up to the Collector of the Customs at the Port to which such Ship, VefTel, or Boat /hall belong, within Twelve Calendar Months from the Time Inch Ship, VefTel, or Boat shall be so loft, broken up, captured, burnt, seized, and condemned, fold, or otherwise disposed of; or in case of the Paid Licence, being ioft or taken by the Enemy, fatisfac-tory Proof thereof on Oath shall be, within the same Period, made before the Collector or Comptroller of such Port, which Oath they are hereby authorized and required to administer; and in case such Licence shall not be produced and so delivered up, and no such Proof shall be made within such Period as aforesaid, the Owner or Owners, and also the Matter of such Ship, VefTel, or Boat, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Twenty Pounds, if such Ship, VefTel, or Boat, is under the Burthen of Fifteen Tons, and Fifty Pounds if of the Burthen of Fifteen Tons and under One hundred and fifty Tons, and One hundred Pounds if of the Burthen of One hundred and fifty Tons or upwards.

XXVI! I And be it further enacted, That in all Cases after the patting of this Ad, when any Ship, VefTel, or Boat, so licensed in pursuance of the said recited AOs or of this AO, shall be seized for any Cause of Forfeiture, by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty’s Customs orExcife, or by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty’s Army, Navy, or Marines, authorized by Law to seize the same, and any Bond taken for the said Ship or VefTel, or Boat, where any Bond shall have been taken, shall be put in Suit, and the Penalty thereof recovered, it shall be lawful for the Cojnmiffioners of His Majesty’s Customs in England, Scotland, or Ireland, respectively, and they are hereby authorized and required, to pay unto the Officer or Officers making Seizure of such Ship, VefTel, or Boat, One-half Part of the Sum recovered from the Obligor or Obligors of such Bonds, free from all Costs and Charges of Suit.

XXIX. 4 And Whereas, by an Ad made in the Forty-fifth Year

*	of His present Majesty, it was, among other Things enacted, That it 4 should be lawful, for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s

*	Treafury of Greet': Britain ox Ireland respectively, or any Three of e them, and they are thereby authorized to direct any Spirits that c shall be seized and condemned as forfeited under any Law or Laws ‘ ^relating to the Revenue of Customs or Excite, to be again diftilied, e if the same shall be deemed proper andfiBSceftary for the Purpose of c bringing the same to a proper Stren|S®fca^td also to direct such 4 Spirits, either before or after such Distillation, as they shall fee fit, < and also any Tobacco or Snuff that shall be so seized and condemned 4 as aforesaid, to.be delivered to the Care of the Commissioners for 4 victualling His Majesty’s Navy, or if in Ireland, to any Agent em-Lployed by them for the supplying of His Majesty’sNavy, or to cause 4 anyH^gch Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff to be destroyed, as shall, under 4 the Circumstances, appear to them most conducive to the Protec-4 tion of the Revenue : And Whereas it is, expedient to make such 4 further Provision as is herein-after mentioned be it therefore further enacted, That so much of the said recited Provisions of the said Act, as relates to the Fords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury of Ireland, shall be and the same is hereby repealed ; and it shall be

lawful

Hosted

d

A. D. 1807.

470 GEO. III. SeiT.2.

C. 66.

4^5

lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majolly’s Treasury of Great Britain or Ireland refpe&ivelv, or any Three of them, and they are hereby authorized to direct any such Spirits, Tobacco, or Snuff to be fold, either for Home Consumption or Exportation, if it dial], under all the Circumstances, appear to them moll conducive to the Protection of the Revenue so to do.

XXX. And be it further enabled, That it shall be lawful for any Warrant or other Non-commiflioned Officer, not being below the Rank of a Serjeant in the Army, who shall be approved of by the

Officer for the Time being commanding the Regiment in which he

Warrant cr Non-

Cornmifiijned OJfkers of Army authorized so

r,	-	.	i-cize n,>ods,

serves, as proper and qualified for the Service, to patrol with any VeflTels, See. Number of Soldiers under his Command, for the Purpose of preventing without Warrant illicit Practices on the Revenue, and to seize, without having any hom Commit-Deputation or Commission from the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Customs or Excise for that Purpose, any Vefiel or Boat, or Cart or Excise and to Carriage, or Cattle, or any Goods or Commodities, or Articles or carry mem to Things whatever, which shall be subject to Forfeiture by this or by the nearest any other ACl or Acts of Parliament now in force for any Offence	House,

again ft the Revenue of Customs or Excise : Provided always, that such c*

Warrant or other Non-commiftioned Officer, on the making of any such Seizure, shall bring or cause the same to be brought, without Loss of 'Time or unnecessary Belay, to His Majesty’s Warehouie at the nearest Custom House to which such Seizure can conveniently be brought, and there lodge and deposit the same in the Custody and under the Charge and Care of the proper Officer of the Customs, in case the Seizure shall be made under any ACl for securing the Revenue of Customs, or in the Custody and under the Charge and Care of the proper Officer of Excise, in case it shall be made under any ACl for securing the Revenue of Excise, and shall in all respects, in regard to the Prosecution or Delivery of any such Seizure, conform to all and each and every of the Rules, Regulations, and ReftriClions, to which the Officers of His Majesty’s Customs and Excise are now, in case of such Seizures, made by them refpeClively subject; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Salt, whether in what Foreign or British, ffiall be exported from the Iflandsof Guernsey, Jer- Package*, kc. fey, Alderney, or Said, or either of them, or shall be removed by Sea ^alc anf* PePPer from any one Part to any other Part of either of the said Iflacds, or ffiall be put on board any Ship, Vefiel, or Boat whatever, in order to be so removed or carried, otherwise than in Bulk or Casks containing Four hundred Weight Net of Salt, except only such Salt as may be for the necessary Provilions of such Ship, Vefiel, or Boat, or for the Use of the Seamen, not exceeding Two Pounds Weight for each Man, to be flowed openly and fairly in such Ship, Vessel, or Boat ; or in case any Pepper shall be exported from the said Istands, or either of them, or ffiall be removed by Sea from any one Part to any other Part of the same, or shall be put on board any Ship, VeiTel, or Boat whatever, other than such Quantity as may be necessary for the Use of the Seamen, in order to be so removed, in Casks not containing Four hundred Weight Net of Pepper, all such Salt and Pepper, with the Packages containing the same, and also the Ship, Vefiel, or Boat on board of which any such Salt or Pepper may be found, shall, together with the Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle, and Apparel, be forfeited, and ffiall and may be seized by any Officer or

Officers

IliaII he exported from Guernsey, kc.

C .66.

47

GEO. III. SeiT.'

A.D. i8oy.

Towers of

c- 47-

;tS to co Uv'g 00cl firing at Yeifels, extended to ViiTels t‘e'uable under this and all other and fubtequeni AtSb*

Officers of His Majesty’s Army, Navy, or Marines, or of the Cnfloms

or Excde

XXXII. And be it further enacted and declared, That all the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, and Indemnities contained in an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-jelly, for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling, relating to the chacing, bringing to, and firing and (hooting at or into any Ship or YefTei, liable to Seizure and Examination, under any Law or Laws relating* to the Revenue, shall extend and he con (trued to extend to authorize and empower any Captain, Mailer, or other Person, having at the Time being the Charge or Command of any Cutter or Veil'd in the Service of His Ma'jdly, or of the Cnfloms or Excise, to diace, bring-to, fire, and (hoot at or into, all Ships, Vessels, and Boats, made liable to Seizure or Examination by or under any Ad or Ads of Parliament now in force, or which may hereafter be passed in relation to the Revenue of Customs or Excise, or for the Prevention of Smuggling, or this A cl, as fully and effectually as if the same were herein repeated and re-ena£tcd ; and all such Ships, Vessels, and Boats, as are by this A£l* or any other A£t made liable to Seizure or Examination, may be brought to for die Purpoie of Examination.

42 G. 3. c. Sa. f. 0. &c. repealed.

Except as to Penal'i.es invuucd.

XXXIII.	( And Whereas an Acl palled in the FortyTecond Year c of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to alter, f amend) and render more effectual an A 8, made in the Twenty-fourth 7 ear ‘ cf the Reign of His present Majesty, for the ?nore effectual Prevention ‘ of Smuggling in Great Britain ; whereby it was amongil other Things

*	enacted, that if any Person shall after Sun fet and before Sun-rife, 4 between the Twenty-firfl Day of September and the First Day of

*	April, or after tire Hour of Eight in the Evening and before the 4 Hour of Six in the Morning, between the lafl Day of March and 4 the Twenty-fecond Day of September, make or aid, or afTifl in the 4 making, or be present for the Purpose of aiding and afiifting in 4 making any Light, Fire, or Blaze, or any Signal by Smoke or-by 4 Rockets, Fireworks, Flags, filing of Guns or other Fire Arms, or < any other Contrivance or Device, on or from any Part of the Coast 4 or Shores of Great Britain, for the Purpose of making or giving any c Signal to any Person or Perform on board any Smuggling Ship, c VefTel, or Boat, or any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, hovering or found,

*	or discovered to have been within any Limits or Distances men-4 tioned in the said Acts or any former Act or Adis, palled for 4 the Prevention of Smuggling, such Person shall for each and every 4 Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds : And f Whereas the said frecited Clause, and the several Rules, Repula-4 tic 11s, and provisions in the said Ail contained, For convicting 4 and punching Ferfons guilty of Offences, created by the said recited 4 Clause, have been found not to an fiver the good Purposes thereby 4 intended, and it is therefore expedient to repeal the same, and in 4 lieu thereof to make such Provisions as are in that Behalf herein-4 alter mentioned be it therefore enabled, That, from and after the palling of this Act, the said recited Clause, and the said several Rules, Regulations, and Provisions, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed, lave and except in all Cases (elating- to any Offence or Offences which shall be or shall have been committed contrary to the -true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, or to the Recovery of any

Fine

rv

©

n

■W

Hosted by

A.D.1807.

4 f

CEO, III.

CM.

4-7

Fine or Penalty, Fines or Penalties, which shall be or shall have been ' incurred under or by virtue of the said Act,/ at any Time or Times before or on the said pafiing of this Aft.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Persons making palling of this Aft, no Person or Persons shall after Sun-iet and before	C.Fl'c’

Sun-rile, between the T went y-firft Day of September and the Fir ft Day of April, or after the Hour of Eight in the Evening and before ^ the Hour of Six in the Morning, between the laft|Day of March and c- ^<t or Great the Twenty-fecond Day of September, make, or aid or afiift in the Hrirainto making, or be present for the Purpose of aiding or aftifting in'the Smugglers,

dec^art-d guilty of a Mi Idem came a nor, and n:r-iy be carried

cf the Peace, ho may ovriir i-h; m 11 the Affiz s,

making any Eight, Fire, Flash, or Blaze, or any Signal by Smoke, or by any Rocket, Fireworks, Flags, firing of any Gun or other Fire Arms, or any other Contrivance or Device in or on board, or from any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, or on or from any Part of the Coast or before a Just Shores of Great Britain, or within Six Miles of . any Part of such Coast or Shores, for the Purpose of making or giving any Signal Co to any Person or Persons on board any Smuggling Ship, Vessel, *11 or Boat, whether such Person or Persons so on board of such Ship,

Vessel, Gr Boat, be or be not within Sight or Distance, to fee or hear any such Light, Fire, Flash, Blaze, or Signal *, and if any Person or Persons shall, contrary?- to the true Intent and Meaning of this A (ft, make or cause to be made or aid or afiift in the making, or be present for the Purpose of aiding or aftifting in making any' such Eight, Fire, Flash, Blaze, or Signal, such Person or Persons so offending- shall be guilty^ of a Misdemeanor ; and it shall be lawful for any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, or any other Per-' son or Persons, to flop, arrest, and detain the Person or Persons, who shall so make or aid, or afiift in the making, or who shall be present for the Purpose of aiding or assisting in making any such Eight, Fire,

Flash, Blaze, or Signal, and to carry and convey such Person or Per-

ions so offending as aiorefaid before any One or more of His Majesty’s

Justices of the Peace, reliding near to the Place where such Offence

shall be committed, who, if he or they fee Cause, Ft12.il commit the

Offender or Offenders to the next County- Gaol, there to remain until

the next Court of Oyer and Terminer, Great Sefiion or Gaol Delivery,

or until such Person or Persons shall be delivered by due Course of

Law ; aud in case an Indictment shall be found or Information filed

against him or them, he or they shall forthwith plead thereto, and

shall be tried thereon, without having Time to traverse the same, as

is usual in Cases of Misdemeanors ; and it shall not be necefiary to

prove1 in any such IndidtmenR or Information, that any Ship, Vessel,

or Boat was actually hovering or off the Coast or Shore, or found or

discovered to have been within any Limits or Difcances mentioned in

tins A<ft, or any A<ft or Acts palled for the Prevention of Smuggling ;

and the Offender or Offenders being duly convicted thereof, shall, by Pen-ilty 051

Order of the Court before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be ^r°Onf Year’s01*

convicted, either forfeit and pay the Penalty or Forfeiture of One impnfonmcut.

hundred Pounds, or, at the Discretion of such Court, be sentenced to ,,

or committed to the Common Gaol or Honfe of Correction, thereto

be kept to hard Labour for any Term not exceeding One Year.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That in case Proof of Purpose any person or Persons be charged with, or indidted for having made or ot ,na.h,nS Hues •^vFaui^to be made, or been aiding or assisting in making, or been pendant ' pfes^for the Purpose of so making or aiding, or a Lifting in making,

*	"	or

'Vs

Hosted by

42S

C.

47’ GEO. III. Seit 3.

A.D,1807.

How Per Tons apprehended for Offences against this Atfl or 42 G. 3. c. S2. or 4c G.'s,. c. 1 21.

Tuttices of ihe Race.

or giving any such Light, Fire, Flash, Blaze, or Signal as aforesaid, the Burthen of Proof that such Light, Fire, Fiafh, Blaze, Noise, or other Thing so charged as having been made with Intent and for the Purpose of giving such Signal as aforesaid, was not made with such Intent and Purpose, shall be upon the Defendant against whom such Charge is made or such Indictment is found.

XXXVI. And be it further enabled, That when any Person or Persons shall be arrested and taken before.any One or more of His Majesty’s Juibices of the Peace in Great Britain, for any Offence against this Abl, or against the said Ads palled in the Forty-fecond and Forty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, such Per-i)>all be b..i 1j<1 by son or Persons shall in no case be admitted to Bail, unless he, fire, or they shall iirft enter into a Recognizance with Two sufficient Sureties to His Majesty, His Heirs and SucceiTors, in the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and the said Sureties in the Sum of One hundred Pounds each, with Condition that such Person or Persons shall appear at the then next ensuing Court of Oyer and Terminer, General Gaol Delivery, or Great Session, or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holnen for the County or Place where such Offender or Offenders' shall be arrested or taken, to answer and plead to any Indictment or Indibtments which may be found at such Court of Oyer and Terminer and Gaol Delivery, or Great Session, or Quarter Session, for such Misdemeanor ;.and such Recognizance shall be forthwith transmitted to the Clerk of Assize, or other proper Officer of the Court of Oyer and Terminer, Gaol Delivery, or Great Session refpebbively, or to the Clerk of the Peace for such County or Place as aforesaid, as in the reipeblive Cases may be proper.

XXXVII.	And be it further enabled. That from and after the palling of this Abt, it shall be lawful for any Person whatsoever to put out and extinguish any such Light, Fire, or Blaze, or any Smoke, Signal, Rocket, Firework, or other Contrivance or Device, so made as aforesaid, and to enter and go into and upon any Lands for that Purpose, without being liable or fubjebt to any Indibtment, Suit, or Ablion for the same.

XXXVIII.	4 And Whereas by the said Abb passed in the Forty-1 fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An A3 c for the more effectual Prevention of Smugglingy it was, amongst other 4 Things, enabted, That every Person, being a Subjebb of His Ma-

*	jefty, who should be found or taken on board, or discovered to have 4 been on board any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, liable to Forfeiture, who 4 should not prove that he was only a Passenger on board such Ship,

4 Vessel, or Boat ; and every Person found aiding or assisting in unfhip-4 ping to be kid on Land, or found carrying, conveying, concealing, 4 or assisting in the carrying, conveying, or concealing any Foreign € Brandy, Rum, Geneva, or Spirits fubjebb to Forfeiture under the 4 said Abt, or any Law or Abb relating to the Revenue of Customs

*	or Excise in the United Kingdom, should forfeit for every such 4 Offence either Treble, the Value of the Goods that should be found 4 or taken from such Person or Persons, or the Sum of One hundred 4 Pounds, at the Option and fubjebb to the Elebiion and Discretion 4 of the Commissioners of Customs or Excise refpebtively, who should 4 direbb any Prosecution or Suit to be commenced against any such 4 Person : And Whereas Offenders against the said Abt have escaped 4 by reason of the Necessity of giving or adducing legal Evidence,

4 that

All Persons authorized to enter Lands, and extinguish Signals by Fire, Icc.

Averment that the Commiffi-oners of Cu(tom$ or Excise had made their Option in the Recovery of Penalties under 45 G. 3. c. r2r. i 7. sufficient Proof of their Determination.

A. D.1807.

47° GEO, III. Scff.2.

C.6G

429

f that the said Commissioners of Customs or Excise refpeHively had c made their Option or Election, orexercifed their Discretion to fae 4 for the said Penalty of Treble the Value of the Goods found or taken 4 from such Person or Persons, or the Sum of One hundred Pounds ;* be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the palling of this AH the Statement, Allegation, or Averment of the FaH, that the said Commissioners of the Customs or Excise refpeHively had made such Option or EleHion, orexercifed such Discretion, in the Information or Complaint for the Recovery of such Penalty, shall be, and shall be deemed apd taken to be, fuffieient Evidence to found or warrant a Conviction on such Information or Complaint, without any other or further Evidence of the FaH, that the said Commissioners of Customs or Excise refpeHively had made such Option or Election* orexercifed such Discretion,

XXXIX. And be it further enaHed, That every such Penalty of One hundred Pounds, by the said recited AH of the Forty-fifth Year aforesaid imposed, may be sued for and prosecuted at any Time within One Year after the Offence shall have been committed, and may be recovered either by Information of* otherwise in His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer at Wefmlifer, and levied as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, or levied under any AH or Acts made for the securing the Revenue of Customs, or by Information before any Two of the Justices of the Peace for the County wherein such Offence or Offences as aforesaid shall or may be committed, or of the County into which any such Offender or Offenders shall be brought ; and Two-third Parts of every such Penalty shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the remaining One-third Part to the Person who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enaHed, That when any Person or Persons shall be prosecuted in His Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench in England for any Offence a gain ft this AH, or either of the said recited AHs of the Forty-fecond or Forty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, such Proceedings may be had with refpeH to such Person or Persons as may be now had by virtue of an AH passed. in .the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majefty\s Reign, intituled, An Act for making further Provision for effectual Performance cf Quarantine, with refpeH to Persons prosecuted in the said Court for Offences committed against the said AH.

XLI. And be it further enabled. That every Officer of the Customs or Excise, or of the Army, Navy, or Marines, detaining and convicting any Person or Persons, liable to be detained or prosecuted under an AH passed in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Prevention of Smuggling, shall be allowed such Sum of Money for such Person, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, as the Com-miffr^ners of His Majesty’s Customs and Exciie in England or Scotland refpebtively, shall in their Discretion think fit.

XL 11. And be it further enabled, That in all Cases where any Officer or Seaman, employed" in the Service of the Customs or Excise, shall be kilied, maimed, or wounded in the due Execution of this AH, or any other AH relating to the Revenues of Customs or Excise, or passed for the Prevention of Smuggling, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Customs and Exciie in England, Scotland, or Ireland KefpeHivHy, to make such Proviiion for every Inch Officer or Seaman

so

Penalties of 1 ooI. under 4-5 G. 3. c. 121, .

§ 7. may be recovered either in the Exchequer or at Quarter SciTions.

Persons may be prosecuted for Offences again# this A<ft, or 42 G, 3. c. 82. or 45G 7. c.12 1. in the Court of King’s Bench as under 45 G. 3. c. xo. 3 41.

For rewarding Officers detaining Pei Ions under 4.5 G. 3. C. 121. § ?•

Officers and Seamen in the. Service of the Customs or Excise, if wounded,or their Families, i kilied, shall be provided for.

Hosted by

430

C .66.

47° GEO. III. Seff. 2.

On Mitigation or Pcna'.t'e-, Under th-: Revenue La vs by the Quarter Seruons, or Just ices out of beilijr.-, they may re quite Offenders to enter into a Recognizance for P .y ment of the fail Pen.il.y, in caie rhey be again convidLd 'vi.hin Tiuee Yeai s ut another Offence

On Forfeiture of Ri.vgniz.ince Penalty m y be Jevii d by DiftrcL, &c.

Justices of Peace

cmpoweied to Cak-- Cognizance of Offerees again.ft Cuffoms and Excite on the High Seas.

A.D.1807.

so maimed or wounded, or for the Widows and Families of such as shall be kilied, as they shall Le authorized and empowered to do by Warrant from the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of His Ma-jefty’s Treasury for the Time being.

XLIII. 4 And Whereas by the Laws now in force, on Profecu-4 tions before the Juitices of the Peace, for Penalties under the ‘ Laws relating to the Revenue of Customs in England and Scotland,

4 such Juitices are in certain Cases authorized, on Conviction, to 4 mitigate the tPenalties to be paid, and to reduce the Amount 4 thereof: And Whereas it is expedient, for the better Prevention of 4 Smuggling, that in all Cases where Penalties are so mitigated, the 4 Offenders' should be required to give pood and sufficient Security 4 to the Crown for the Payment of the full Penalties in which they 4 shall have been convicted, after deducting the Sums which may have 4 been paid on such Conviction and Mitigation, in case they shall at any 4 Time, within Three Years from the Date of such Conviction; be 4 again convicted of any other Offence against the Revenue Laws p be it therefore further enacted, That in all Cases where any Perfen shall be convicted of any Offence as aforesaid, before the Court of Quarter Sessions, or before any Juitice or Juitices of the Peace out of Sefijon, and such Court, or Jufrice or Jufcices, shall mitigate the Penalty or Penalties incurred, it shall be lawful for such Court of Quarter Sessions, or Juitice or Juitices of the Peace, and they are refpeCt-ively hereby required to take a Recognizance from the Offender or Offenders, in Double the Amount of the Sum in which he, (he, or they may have been convicted, which Recognizance or Recognizances shall be given to His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeffoffs, with Condition that if such Offender or Offenders shall at any Time, within Three Years from the Date of inch Conviction, be again conviCted or any Offence against any Law now in force or hereafter to be made, ■relative to the Revenue of Customs or Excise, that such Offender or Offenders shall forfeit and pay to His Majesty the Amount of the Sum or Sums in which he, fire, or they may have been convicted, after deducting the Sum or Sums paid according to such Mitigation as aforesaid; and in every Case where such Recognizance or Recognizances shall become forfeited, it shall be lawful for the said Court, or any Juitice. or Juilices of the Peace, by Warrant, to apprehend such Offender or Offenders; and in case he, she, or they shall not forthwith pay the Sum or Sums, according to such Recognizance or Recognizances, to levy the same upon the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, or to commit such Offender or Offenders to Gaol, there to remain for the Space of Twelve Months, or until such Sum or Sums shall be paid.

XIXV. 4 And Whereas Doubts have arisen whether such Juitices 4 of the Peace can take Cognizance of Offences and of Forfeitures e committed or ariling 011 the High Seas, and without the Limits 4 of the County, City, Town, or Place, of and in which they shall or 4 do act as such Jufcices of the Peace;’ be it er.acted, That from and after the palling of this Aft, in a 1 Cases in which any Justice or Juf-tices of the Peace are empowered to take Cognizance of any Offence, or of any Forfeiture in this Act, or in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Revenue of Customs or Excite, it shall be lawful for any Juitice or Juitices of the P.eace for the County, City, Town, or Place, within which tfie Port or Place into which any Ship, Vessel,

Boat

C .66,67.

•A.D.1807.

470 GEO. III.

Seff.2.

Boat or Goods, or any Person or Persons shall be taken, brought, or carried, under any Ad or Ads of Parliament relating to the Revenue of Customs or Excise, shall be situated, to take Cognizance of such Offence or Offences committed again ft the said Ad or this Ad, or such Forfeiture or Forfeitures, as if the same Offence or Offences had been committed, or the same Forfeiture or Forfeitures had been incurred on Land, within the said respective Jurifdidions of such Juftiees.

XLV. And be it further enaded? That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, created or imposed by this Ad, and which shall be sued for or prosecuted under or by virtue of the Order or Permission of the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively, or by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, shall and may (where not othervvife directed by this Ad) be sued tor, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, in such Manner, and by such Ways, Means, and Methods,, as any Fines or Penalties incurred, or any Goods or Veffeis forfeited for any Offence against the Laws of Customs, may now legally be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of.

XLVI. And be it further enacted. That all Penalties and Forfeitures created or imposed by this Ad of Parliament, and winch shall be prosecuted or sued for by Order of the Commissioners of Excise in England or Scotland respectively, or by any Officer or Officers of Excise, shall, except where othervvife specially directed by this Ad, be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, orby Adionof Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively ; and that One Half of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, where not otherwise directed by this Act,|fhall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and.the other Half (where not othenvffe directed by this Act) to him/her, or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatever shall give, offer, or promise to give any Bribe, Recompence, or- Reward to, or make any colluffve Agreement with, any Con -miffioned or Non-commiflioned or Warrant Officer of His Majesty’s Army, Navy, or Marines, to do, conceal, or connive at any Act by which His Majesty might be defrauded in His Revenue of Customs and Excise, whether any such Bribe or Offer shall have been accepted or not, every such Person or Persons shall for each and every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds,

“ Ad may be altered this Session, § 48*

CAP. LXVIL

An' Ad to permit, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, the Importation of Swedj/b Herrings into Great Brit am.	[13 th August 1807.]

* HE REAS it is expedient to permit, for a limited Time, the Importation of 'Swed'-flo Herrings into Great Britain in British Ships, or in Ships belonging to Persons of any Kingdom or State in Amity with His'Majesty, and navigated in any Manner whatever, in order to the Exportation of the same to the British

6 Colonies

431

Cu(loros’ Penalties, and Seizures maybe recovered and applied as under former

Custom A<fts.

Recovery and I Application of

Penalties of Excise.

PenPty on

Pci unis u ire if eg B-ibcs, See. t.. Officers of Array,

Navy, ur

Manner, tool.

43 2

47° GEO. III. Seff.2.

C.67,68.

A.D. 1807.

nny be in-JfltO G CJt hiiiain in

Y'uTcls.

4 Colonies and Plantations in the West Indies be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in-this present Parliament alTembled, and by the Authority of the SwcdifhVJenirgs same, That from and after the passing 01 this Adi, and until the End of the next Session ot Parliament, it Hi all and may be lawful to and for any Person or Perlons whatever to import into Great Britain from any Port or Place in Sweden, in any Bnitifh Ship or VeiTel, and navigated according to Law, any Herrings caught and cured on any of the Coalls of Sweden/; any Thing in any Act or Adis of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithflianding : Provided always, that upon the Importation of the said Herrings, a due Entry thereof shall be made with the proper Officers of the Customs, and there dial I be paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Suoceffors, a Duty of Customs upon each and every Barrel of such Herrings, containing Thirty-two Galions, the Sum of Six Shillings and Seven-pence, to be appropriated and applied to consolidated Customs ; and Inch Herrings shall thereupon be lodged and deposited in such Ware-houfe or Warehouses in Great Britain as shall from Time to Time be for that Purpose provided, at the Charge of the Importer, Proprietor, orCoulignee of such Henings, and approved of by the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Customs in London, or by the Colledlor and Comptroller, or Principal Officers of the Customs at any Out Port of Great Brita n, and shall remain in such Warehouses under the Looks of the Crown, and such Importer, Proprietor, or Consignee, for the Purpose of being exported, on due Entry being lirft made, to any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, and for no other Purpose whatsoever; and the said Duty fnall be paid in such and the like Manner, and under such and the like Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as any Duty on any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, is by the Laws in force paid ; and that all the Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures applicable thereto by any Adi or Adis of Parliament, shall be extended to the Purposes of this Add, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were repeated and re-enadled in the Body of this present Adi, and made Part thereof.

A Duly of Cs.7« pci B.irre) fhull be paid.

Such Herrings Audi be ware-Uo il.-ri till entered forExpori.iiion to the Well inci.es.

CAP. LXVIII.

An Add for the better Government of the Settlements of Fort Saint George and Bombay; for the Regulation of Public Banks ; and for amending so much of an Act, palled in the Thirty-Third Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Periods at which the Civil Servants of xht East India Company may he employed in their Service Abroad.

[ j 3 th Augujl 1807.]

VS/HE REAS

* * Fort Saint

it is expedient that the Governor in Council of Saint George, and the Governor in Council ®f Bombay, respectively, in the East Indies, shall have the same Powers for the Government of the Towns of Madras and Bombay reipedlivelv and the Countries within the Order and Management of the said Governors in Council respectively, as are now veiled in the Governor General in Council of Fort William in Bengal, for the Govern-

C. 68.

433

A.D. 1807.	470	GEO.	III.	SeiT.	2,

‘ meat of the Settlement of Fort William, aid the Countries irnme-f diately subordinate to the said Presidency of Fort William ; and that * such Provisions as are herein-after controlied, should be made in ‘ reipedt of Students educated at the College established in England,

6 by the Fa ft India Company, fertile .Education of Persons intended 4 for their Civil Service abroad ; and alio, that Provllion should be f made to prevent any Doubts arising as to the legal Establishment 4 of Banks, wijdi Corporate Rights, in the Fuji Indies ; and that 4 all the Servants of the said United Company should be empowered 4 to subscribe to, and become Members of such Banks may it -therefore please Your Majesty that it pay be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice arid Conlcnt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and b}^ the Authority of the same. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Governor in Council of Fort Saint George, and the said Governor in Council of Bombay, from Time to Time, respecting Ordinances, to make, frame, and issue, such Rules and Regulations, for the good Order and Civil Government of the Towns of Madras and Bombay respectively, and of the said Company’s Settlements at Fort Saint George and Bombay, and other Factories and Places subordinate or to be subordinate thereto refpeduvely, and to let, impose, inflict, and levy such reafonabie Fines and Forfeitures, and to order and appoint such moderate and reafonabie Corporal Pimifh-ment for the Breach or Non-obfervance of any such Rules, Ordinances, or Regulations, as the Governor General in Council of Fort William in Bengal may now lawfully make, frame, and issue, for the good Order and Civil Government of the said Company’s Settlement at Fort William aforesaid, and other Fa&ories and Places subordinate or to be subordinate thereto ; but, nevertheless, such Rules, Ordinances,and Regulations to be made by the said Governor in Council of Fort Saint George shall not be valid, or of any Force or Ertedl until the same shall be duly registered and published in the Supreme Court gF Judicature of Fort Saint George aforesaid, in like Manner, and within such Time as the Rules, Ordinances, and Regulations to be made by the said Governor General in Council of Fort William aforesaid, are, by any Act or Acts now in force, required to be registered. in the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William aforesaid ; nor shall the Rules, Ordinances, or Regulations, tc be made by the Governor in Council of Bombay, be valid, or of any Force or EffetR, until the same shall be duly registered and published in the Court of the Recorder of Bombay, in like Manner, and within such Time as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That all such Rules, Ordinances, and Regulations so to be made, as aforesaid, shall be fubjecR, in all respects, to the like Power of Appeal, and to all the like Regulations and Provisions as are mentioned and contained in an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Elis present Majesty, intituled, An Att for ejlablifhing certain Regulations for -the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in Europe ; and in an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for ejlabliflhngfurther Regulations for the Government of the Bii'cifh Territories in India, and the better Cdmmjlration of JnjTice within the same, 47 G.o. III.	F	f	-	as

Governors in Council at Mad.as and Bombay, may makeBegulatuns for the good Order of those Towns and D.pendencies;

which shall be registered in the re fpedlive Courts.

Subject to Appeal, as under 13 G.3. c. 63. & 39> 40 G.3. c. 79.

434

C. 68.

47° GEO. III. SelT.2.

A.D. ]807.

Governor in C('uiici[ at Bombay, may frame Regulations fur p,ovi, cial Cou its.

Governors anrl Members of ti e Council at Madras and Bombay may a«ft as judices of the Peace for t'he laid Towns.

Said Governoi s and Council may iiTue Cornmil-fiuns lor appointing Judices of Peace within the fefpedlive Presidencies and Places fubqrriinate thereto.

as to the Rules, Ordinances, and Regulations therein respectively authorized to be made by the said Governor General in Council, as aforesaid.

III.	And be it further enabled, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Governor in Council at Bombay aforesaid, to frame Regulations, from Time to Time, for the Provincial Courts and Councils within the Territories and Provinces which now are, or shall at any Time hereafter be (and while the same shall so be) annexed to or made subject to the said Presidency, in like Manner, and subject to all the Regulations, Provisions, and Confirmations, touching the same, as the Governor General in Council at Fort William aforesaid are, by any Act now in force, authorized and empowered to do for the better Administration of Jullice among the native Inhabitants, and others, being within the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and 0riffa.

IV.	And be it further enacted, That the Governor and Members of the Council for the Time being of Fort Saint George, and the Governor and Members of the Council for the Time being of Bombay, respectively, shall and may, and they are hereby respectively declared to be, and to have full Power and Authority to act as Justices of the Peace for the said Towns of Madras and Bombay respectively, and for the ieveral Settlements, and Factories subordinate thereto refpedt-ively, and to do and tranfacf all Matters and Things which to the Office of a Jullice or Justices of the Peace do belong and appertain ; and for that Purpose the said Governor and Council of Fort Saint George, and the said Governor and Council of Bombay, are hereby respectively authorized and empowered to hold Quarter Seflicns within the said Settlements of Fort Saint George and Bombay aforesaid respectively, Four Times in every Year, and the same shall respectively be, at all Times, Courts of Record.

V.	And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Governor in Council of Fort Saint George, and the Governor in Council of Bombay respectively, for the Time being, by Commifiions to be from Time to Time issued under the Seals of the Supreme Court of Judicature of Fort Saint George, and the Court of the Recorder of Bombay respectively, in the Name of the King’s Majesty. His Heirs and Succefl'ors, such Commifftons as shall be issued under the Seal of the Supreme Court of Judicature of Fort Saint George, to be tested in t; e Name of the Chief Justice of the said Court, and such Commissions as shall be issued under the Seal of the Court of the Recorder of Bombay, to be tested in the Name of the Recorder of the said Court (which said Ccmmiftions the said Supreme Court of Judicature of Fort Saint George, and the said Court of the Recorder of Bombay, are hereby respectively authorized and required from Time to Time, by any Order or Warrant from the said Governor in Council of Fort Saint George and Bombay respectively, to issue accordingly) to nominate and appoint such and so many of the covenanted Servants of the said Company, or ether Brilijh Inhabitants, as the said Governor in Council of Fort Saint George, and the said Governor in Council of Bombay respectively, shall think properly qualified to act as Justices of the Peace within and for the said Provinces and Presidencies, and Places thereto subordinate respectively ; and such Persons shall, according to the Tenor of the respective Comrnif-fions wherein they shall be so nominated and appointed, and by virtue thereof, and of this Aft, have full Power and Authority to act

A.D. 1807.

C.68-

435

47° GEO. III. Scff.a.

as Justices of the Peace, according to the Tenor of the same Com-millions wherein they shall be respectively named, in and for the Provinces and Presidencies aforesaid, and Places subordinate thereto respectively ; and the said Supreme Court of Judicature of Fort Saint George, and the Court of the Recorder of Bombay respectively, upon any Requisition in Writing from the said Governor in Council of Fort Saint George, and Governor in Council of Bombay respectively, shall and may from Time to Time supersede Dch CommilTions, and upon like Requisitions issue new Commissions for the Purposes aforesaid, unto the same or such other of the covenanted Servants of the said Company, or other Britifi Inhabitants, as shall from Time to Time be so nominated by the said Governor in Council of Fort Saint George, and Governor in Council of Bombay respectively, in that Behalf, all which Commissions shall be filed of Record in the respective Courts of Oyer and Terminer of the Province, Presidency, or Place, wherein for which the same shall be issued as aforesaid ; and all such Justices of the Peace and their Proceedings, shall be subject and liable to such. Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as under and by virtue of any Act or A6ls of Parliament now in force, the Justices of the Peace to be appointed by the Governor General in Council of Fort William aforesaid, and their Proceedings, are or may be subject or liable to.

VI.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the Eirft Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, so much of the Aft pafied in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing in the East India Company for a further Term, the Pojfejfion of the British Territories in India, together with their exclvfivc Trade, under certain Limitations ; for eflablijhing further Regulations for the Government of the said Territories, and the better Ad-minijl ration of Justice within the same ; for appropriating to certain Uses the Revenues and Profits of the said Company, and for making Provijion for the good Order and Government of the Towns of Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay, as authorizes the Governor General in Council of Fort William, in Bengal, to nominate and appoint any Person or Persons to be or act as Justices of the Peace within and for any of the Provinces, Presidencies, or Places, subordinate to the said Governor in Council of Fort Saint George, and Governor in Council of Bombay refpeft-ively, or to supersede any Commissions of the Peace, shall be and is hereby repealed: Provided always, that such Repeal shall in nowise prejudice or affect the Authority of any Person or Persons theretofore appointed by the said Governor General in Council of Fort William, to be and aft as Justices of the Peace within and for any of the Provinces, Presidencies, or Places, subordinate to the said Governor in Council of Fort Saint George, and Governor in Council of Bombay respectively, until the Commissions to such Persons shall be superseded by the Governor in Council of Fort Saint George, or the Governor in Council of Bombay respectively.

VII.	f And Whereas by the said Aft, made in the Thirty-third c Year of His present Majefty5s Reign, it is amongst other Things < enacted, that all Vacancies happening in any of the Offices, Places, c or Employments, in the Civil Line of the Company’s Service in India € (being under the Degree of Counsellor) shall be from Time to * Time filled up, and supplied from among the Civil Servants of the c said Company belonging to the Presidency wherein such Vacancies ‘ Shall respectively happen, subject only to the Restrictions in that

F f 2	*	Aft

So much of 23 G. 3- c. 52-§ 11; r. as enables the Governor General in Council at Fort William to appoinT Justices cf P^iaee for the Presidencies at Madras and Bombay, or to supersede such Commissions, repealed.

Periods of Rcfide-nce necefiary to £11 up Vacancies under ?3G.3. c. 5*. § 57. recited.

C. 63.

43(>

Time, n^t exceeding Two Yors, spent \>j P.rfons aged 17 in the College established in Fug land, shall be deemed Time spent in India.

The fevernl G < ^rn merits in India e :• pywered to r-Pt m iih Public B nks there.

47'

'GEO- HI. SeCs.

AD.1807.

4 A 61 contained, and no otherwise ; (that is to say) that in the 4 filling up and Supplying such Vacancies, no Office, Place, or Em*

4 ploy men t, the Salary, Perquisites, and Emoluments whereof shall c exceed Five hundred Pounds per Annum, Shall be conferred upon or c granted to any of the said Servants who shall not have been actually 4 reildent in India as a covenanted Servant of the said Company for 4 the Space of Three Years at the lead in the Whole antecedent 4 to inch Vacancy ; and if the Salary, Perquisites, and Emoluments of 4 any Office. Place, or Employment, shall exceed One thousand five-4 hundred Pounds per Annum, the same shall not be granted to, or con-4 ferred upon, any of the said Servants who shall not have been a (dually 4 relent in India in the said Service for the Space of Six Years at the 4 lead in the Whole, antecedent to such Vacancies ; and if the Sa-4 lary, Perquiiites, and Emoluments, of*any Office, Place, orEmploy-4 ment, shall exceed Three thouiaud Pounds per Annum, the same fhaffi

*	not be granted to, or conferred upon, anyr of the iaid Servants who, 4 shall not have been actually reiident in India in the said Company’s, 4 Service for the Space of Nine Years at the lead in the Whole*, ‘ and if the Salary, Perquiiites, end Emoluments of any Office,, 4 Place, or Employment, shall exceed Four thousand hounds per.

4‘ Annum the same shall not be granted to,., or conferred upon, any of 4 the said Servants who ffiad not have been a (dually resident in India in

4 the Company’s Service for the Space of Twelve Years at the lead in 4 the Whole, antecedent to such Vacancy ; and that all Appointments,

*	Advancements, and Promotions, which shall be made for (applying 4 any such Vacancies other than ns aioresaid, Shall be null and void:

4 And Whereas the said Company have lately edabliffied a College in 6 England for the appropriate Education of young Men deligned for 4 their Civil Service in Lidia, and it will therefore be expedient that,

‘ under certain Circumdances, the Time spent by such young Men in c the said Coliege, after they'' shall have attained the Age of Seven? 4 teen Years, should entitle them to the same Privileges as they would 4 have been entitled to if they had been resident during such Time 4 in India \ be it therefore enabled, That from and immediately after the palling of this Acf all such Time not exceeding Two Years, as. shall be bona Jide spent in the said College in the regular Course of such Education as aforeiaid, by any Persons after they' shall respectively have attained the Age of Seventeen Years, provided they shall bond Jide spend, either before or after.Seventeen Years of A_ge, Two Years at the lead in the said Coliege, in the regular Course of such Education, and shall afterwards go to India in the Civil Service of the said Company', shall be accounted, as to the Offices, Places, and Employments, which such Persons are entitled to be appointed to and to hold, as so much Time actually spent in India; the said A (St, or any other Law or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise not with-(landing.

VIIL 4 Ana Whereas, it may be expedient that Public Banks 4 for the Depolit and Loan of Money, and the Negociation of Secu* 4 rities, and other Purposes, should be established in the East Indies^ 4 and that the Individuals who may become Members thereof, should 4 be incorporated under and by the Authority of the respective Go-4 vernments in the East Indin ; but Doubts have been entertained, 4 whether the Powers of those Governments are competent to the 4 Establishment of such Banks within the local Limits of the Jurif-

a	4	di&ions

Hosted by

437

A.D. 1807.	470	GEO.	III. Seff. 2. C. 68— 70.

c di&ions of the several Courts of Justice in India, which hare been ‘ eftabluhed by His Majesty’s Charters; and it is expedient that Rich i Doubts fhouid be removedbe it therefore enacted, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That it shall and may be lawful vo and for the several Governments in the East Indies to -eftablifh such Publick Banks, with perpetual Succession, and such Rights, Privileges, Franchises, and Immunities, as are incidental or are usually granted to Corporations legally erected in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, and under and lubjecl to such Terms and Conditions as they shall fee fit ; and that the several Persons who shall be lo incorporated, and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Affigus lliall have hold, enjoy, and be entitled to all such Rights,

Privileges, Franchises, and Immunities, as well within as beyond the local Limits of the Juriidi&ion of the several Courts of Justice so efta-bliihed as afore laid, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the several Orders or Adis, by virtue of which any such Ranks or Corporations shall be so eftabliihcd : Provided always, that the Eftablifh-ment of any such Banks or Corporations shall not be valid or effectual, until they shall have received the Approbation of the Court of Directors of the said Company, subject to the Controul of the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India for the Time being.

3 X. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all All Persons in Persons whomsoever, in the Service of the said Company, and for all t|lc Serv'ce or the Judges of the several Courts of Justice in India, to subscribe to and lne Cr°?1J>an7

1	A	T	•»	r	r	1	-n	*	r	• i 1 may lubfcnbe t®

become Members or any iuch Bantc or Corporation as aro'eiaid, and such Banks.

'that it shall be lawful to and for any Perion or Persons in the Service of the said Company, to be elected or appointed, or to become Directors or Managers thereof; any Thing contained in the said Act of the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, or any other Act of Parliament, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Judge of No Judge shall any of the said Courts of Justice in India, established by His Majesty’s |?c j* Biredtor of Charter, shall be capable of being appointed to, or holding the Office luc 1 'Jn's*

-of the Director or Manager of any such Bank or Corporation.

“ Public Aft, § it.

CAP. LXIX,

An Act for discharging from the Claims of the Crown certain Real and Per fori al Dilates belonging to General De Lancey> late Barrack Mailer General, and veiled in Truilees for Sale.	[13th Auguji 1807.]

CAP. LXX.

An Act for maintaining and preserving a Military Canal and Road, made from Shornclff in the County of Kent, to Cliff End in the County of Suffer 5 and for regulating the taking of'Rates and Tolls thereon.	[33th Auguji 1807.^

WHEREAS a Canal called The Royal Military CanaU and also a Military Road and Towing Path, and other Works,

* have been lately made, from Shornclffe in the County of Kent,

‘ to Cliff End in the County of biffex : And W hereas it is expedient

F f 3	i that

Commiilioners.

Afhfoid Ronrl and App'.edore not to be fubjeifl to Toll.

Exemption for Owners, & c. of Lands through which the

Military Road palTes.

€ that Provision should be made for the maintaining and preserving the f said Canal, and the Ramparts and other Works belonging thereto ;

*	And Whereas great Advantages will accrue to the Part of the

*	Country through which the said Canal and Road pass, if the same

*	is opened, under certain Reflections, for publick Ufebe it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this preient Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Speaker of the House of Commons, the Lord High Treaiurcr of Great Britain 9 the Fir ft Lord Commissioner of the Tfeafury, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, the Commander in Chief of His Majesty *s Foroes, the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports, the Secretary at War, the Maker General of the Ordnance, and the Quarter Mailer General of His Majesty’s Foroes, for the Time being vefpectively, (Isall be Com-mi(boners for the carrying on, completing, maintaining, regulating, and managing the said Military Canal and Road, and Cuts, and other Works thereof or belonging thereto, and now made, or which may hereafter be made.

u Commissioners empowered to make Rules and Regulations; § 2.—• and to take Rales and Tolls, § 3.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Toll Gate shall be erected or any Tolls taken upon that Part of the Military Road lying between the Two Bridges at Hythe heretofore commonly called AJhfordRoad, or upon that Part of the said Military Road op-pofite to Apple dare, on the Towing Path Side lying between the River Wall and Apphdore Bridge, now become the Road from Romney to Tenter den.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Parts of the Military Road or Towing Path belonging to the said Canal, shall be allowed by the said Commissioners to be used by the Owners or Occupiers of any Lands, for the Occupation of such Lands, then and in such Case no Tolls shall be payable by any such Owner or Occupier for or in respect of the Use of such Road or Towing Path solely for the Cultivation or carrying away the Produce or the Occupation of such Lands.

<c Commissioners empowered to farm the Tolls, § 6.—And to appoint “ Officers, § 7.—Officers to account, § 8.—Erection of Turnpikes cc § 9.— Penalty for fraudulently claiming a Right to carry Articles “ at a lower Rate,	to 40s.	§ 10.—Rates and Tolls shall be paid

<c under Regulations to be made by Commissioners, § 11.—Owners of “ Boats shall give account of Lacting, § 12.—In case of Difference concerning the Tonnage, Veffiels shall be measured, § 13.—Penalty “ on Persons lading or unlading Boats at other Places than those directed, s£zo. to 40s. § 14.—Licences shall be granted in behalf of Commissioners for ufmgBoats on the Canal,§15.—Name of Owner ic and Tonnage of Boat shall be fixed on the Head and Stern, Penalty u not exceeding*^. § 16. — Penalty upon Veffiels obstructing the “ Canal, ^j.&c. § 17.—Penalty for drawing off Water £10. to 40s. “ §18.—Corporation of Hythe may require the Sluices to be opened or shut, and on Refusal may cause the same to be done, without doing “ Damage to the Works, § 19.—Penalty for throwing Dirt into, i( the Canal or Works, not exceeding ^5. § 20.

XXI.	And

439

A.D.1807.	47°	GEO. III. SefT. 3.	c.70.

XXI. And be it further enabled, That if any Person 01 Persons Puniflimant for whatsoever shall wilfully and malieioufly fet on fire any of the Works	*'lre	t0

belonging to the said Canal or Road, or Cuts, or any of the Materials pe^yVnheut intended for any of the said Works, every such Person or Persons so cieigy. offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and every such Felon shall be subject to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy ; and if any Person or Persons flail knowingly, wilfully, or malieioufly Works Fire demolish, break down, cut, or destroy any Part of the said Canal or Impiifunmenr, Road, or other Works or Things belonging thereto, or shall wil- &c. fully remove and take away or destroy any of the Materials of the said Canal or Locks, or other Works, then every such Offender or Offenders, being convicted thereof, shall suffer Punishment by Fine,

Imprisonment, or Transportation, at the Discretion of the Judge or Judges before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be tried and convicted.

c< Makers of Vessels answerable for Damages, § 22.—Boatmen shall u indemnify Makers, § 23.—None shall draw off Water or use Nets <c without Licence from Commissioners, Penalty not exceeding <5^10.

<c § 24,—Penalty on floating Timber without Licence, not exceed-“ ing 40 s, $ 23.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted, That no Carriage or Horses* Horses, or Neat Cattle, shall be allowed to pass or be on the Towing Path, Carriages, or except in such Places as shall be fet apart for that Purpose; nor fhall	c

4,	,	n,	1 T .	(-,*■.	1	. . r . ’	.	allowed on tne

any Cattle, Sheep, or other Live Stock, be driven on the lowing Towing Paths.

Path, farther than from any Field where the same shall be to the nearest Cross Road, and then only fn Cases where there shall be no other Communication between such Field and Cross Road; and any Carriage, Horse, or Neat Cattle, Sheep or other Live Stock, which shall be found on the said Towing Path, or in any other Part of the Works belonging to the said Canal or Road, contrary to the Provisions of this A£t, may be impounded and detained until the Owner of such Carriage, Horse, Cattle, Sheep, or other Live Stock so detained, or some other Person, shall pay for the Release and Redemption thereof, a Sum not exceeding Five Shillings for any Carriage so detained, and One Shilling a Head for every Horse or Neat Cattle, and Sixpence each for every Sheep, Hog, or other Animal so detained as aforesaid : Provided always, That no such Cattle or Live Stock shall be impounded or detained, or any Money taken for the Release or Redemption of any Inch Cattle or Live Stock, in any Case in which any such Trespass of such Cattle or Live Stock shall have arisen from any Defe6l of any Works to be erected, maintained, or repaired by the Commissioners under this A 61.

<c G&lverts may be made under the Canal,See. § 27.—Fences shall be <c made to separate the Canal from private Grounds, § 28.—None

fliall make Bridges over any Cuts or Drains without Leave of Com-** iflioners ; Penalty not exceeding &£$. § 29.

XXX. And be it further enabled. That the Lands taken, or which Linds (hill may hereafter be taken for the said Canal or Road, or Cuts, or any remain liable to Buildings or Works belonging thereto, shall remain fubje£t, liable to, ^>i mer and chargeable with such and the like Rates and Charges for any ora^C^;e x a Wall and Water Scotts or other Charges, for fupporting■ Dimchurch t>e nrovid^d^T

F f 4	Wall,	by Pari iarr.ent if

neceflary.

4|o

C. 70.

47° GEO. III. Seff. a.

A.D.1807^

Canal, See. exempted from Poor Rates.

Officers not exempted from Poor Rates,

Wall, or other Sea Wall5 in Romney Marfa, as inch Lands were Tub jedt and liable to and chargeable with before the taking thereof ; and all such Rates, when nude upon any such Lands, Hi all be payable and paid out oi the Rates and Tolls levied upon the said Canal or Road before any other Payment or Charge whatever which may hereafter be made or become payable out of such Rates or Tolls ; or if no such _ Rates or Tolls shall be railed, or the same {ball not be sufficient, the same {ball be laid before the Commons House of Parliament, in order that Proviiionmay be made for the Payment thereof,.

“ Land Tax shall be apportioned, § 31.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Canal and Road, and all Buildings, Houses, Works, Lands, Premises, Tenements, or Hereditaments, making Part of or belonging or appertaining to the same, and all Rates and Tolls which may be levied or taken upon - the said Canal or Road, shall be wholly exempt from any Parochial Rate or Charge for the Relief of the Poor or otherwise; any Thing in any Law or Laws to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXill. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall exempt any Persons having or enjoying any beneficial Occupation of any Inch House, Building, or Lands, other than and beyond such as may be necessary for the Purpose only of executing any Office, or performing any Duty as a Clerk or Officer under the said Commif-fioners, from being rated to the Relief of the Poor of the Place in which he- shall have such beneficial Occupation, in respect of iuch beneficial Occupation.

“ Exchanges may be made by incapacitated Persons of small Pieces of “ Land by order of Chancery, &c. § 34.

XXXV. ‘And Whereas an Abl puffed in the Forty-third Year of f the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act io enable His c Ivlajejly more effectually to provide for the Defence and Security of e the Reatm during the present War, and for indemnifying Persons who c may fufer in their Property by such Ivieafitres as may be necessary for 6 that Purpose: And Whereas an A St palled in the Forty-fourth Year ‘ of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend * certain of the Provi/ions of an Aft, made in the Forty-third Tear 6 of His present Mrffly, to enable his Majesty to provide for the De-‘ fence and Security of the Realm, with ref pc ft to the Pur chafe of Lands e a.nd Her edit aments for the public k Service : And Whereas Doubts ‘ have arisen whether the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports for the ‘ Time being, is empowered under the Provisions of the said recited 6 Acts, to certify the Necessity or Expediency of taking any Lands 6 or Hereditaments for the pubhek Service under the said Abt P For Lore! \wd' n o|r Remedy whereof be it declared and enabled, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports, or any T wo of the Deputy Wardens of the Cinque Ports for the Time being, to certify the Ne-ceffity or Expediency of taking any Lands or Hereditaments within their Jurifdihtion for the pubiick Service under the said Adis, in like Manner as any Lord Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants are by the said Adi empowered to certify any such Necessity or Expediency.

iC Claims under this Adi may be settled by Arbitration, by Consent “ of Parties, §	—Application of Purchase Money, § 37-40.—*

“ Persons imPoiTeffion deemed entitled to Premises, § 41.—Premifes

. “ taken.

4* G. 3' < [d<^ § 10 ]

§ 10.

■ 55-

■ 95*

the Cio

may cet

Expedi "iiC-' of taking Lm<l^

Hosted by

A.D.i8o7*	470 GEO. III. SefT.2.	0.70,71.

44 taken for Purposes or this Act veiled in the Commififioners, 44 § 42. —Suits not to abate by reason of Death of any Commif-“ fioner, § 43.

XLIV. And be it further enadccd, That the faicl Canal, Road, Ramparts, Tow-path, Fences, Drains, Tunnels, Culverts, Sluices, Locks, or any Manner of Buildings, Works, or Things erected or made, or to be erected or made, shall not be und er the Controul, Direction, Survey, or Order of the Lords of Romney Marfa, or the Commissioners of Sewers of any of the Levels through which the said Canal passes, or under any other Controul than that of the said Com-nnfiioners under this Adi.

44 Recovery of Penalties before one Justice, &c § 45, See.—Public 4‘ Adi, § 48. .

CAP. LXXI.

An Act for the fpeedilv completing the Militia of Great Britain*

and increasing the same, under certain Limitations and Re-ftrictions.	[14th	Auguf	1807]

4 ^1^7 HERE AS it is neceftary that the moil effectual Measures 4 V if should be taken for augmenting H*r> Majesty’s Regular 4 Foroes, and it has therefore become expedient to permit a Proportion 4 of the Militia now serving in Great B Attain, not exceeding such 4 Number as will leave serving, including Corporals, Three-fifths of 4 the Establishment in P^ank and File of each Regiment of Militia 4 of each County, or of two or more Counties joined together to 4 form a Regiment, to enliil under certain Proviiions and Reflridlions :

4 And Whereas it is necessary that such Increase of the Regular 4 Forces should not diminilhthe Militia, but that the Militia should be 4 forthwith completed, and also farther increased, in a limited Pro-4 portion, in order that any further Bailot, after such Increase, may 4 be suspended for a limited Period : And Whereas an Adi palfed in 4 the Forty-fixth Year of the Reign of His present Majefcy, intituled,

4 An Act for the Return of cor rest Lifts of Persons liable to ferns in the 4 Militias under an Ad. puffed in the Forty-fccond Tear of His present 4 Majesty, and to fuss end the Ballot for the Militia in England for Two 4 Years: And Whereas it is expedient that so much of the said Adi 4 as enacts that the Ballot for the Militia Forces in England should 4 be suspended, should be repealed ; and that the said Acts, and also 4 the several Acts relating to the railing the Militia of England and 4 Scotland rcfpedtively, should be amended in order to the completing,

• 4 as speedily as poflibie, the Militia to be railed under this Adi, and 4 to the corredting the Lilts required to be returned under the said 4 recited AdiMay it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and b,e it enacted by the King's mofl Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the same. That from and after the palling of this Adi, so much of th e said recited Adi of the Forty-fixth Year afore said, as suspends the Ballot for the Militia of England, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted. That within Three Months after the holding qF General Meetings in each County in Great Britain, or

after

441

Jurifdietion of Romney Marsh excluded.

•5V" 47 G- V Sjj; -• c.57.

46 G. 3. 0,91.

46 G. 3. c. 9 r.

§ 6. iufpenning Ballot fnr Militia repealed.

Number of Militia equal to TUree-ibm ihs

442

of the original Quotas under 42 G. 3. ec. 90 cc 91. shall be raj fed within a limited Time.

General and Subdivision Meetings shall be held, for apportioning Men among H undreds and Pali flics.

In making Ap-port iunrncnts, (Regard Audi be bad to the Pci-funs actually serving in Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps.

Clefks of General and Subdivision Meetings, shall transmit Apportionments,

C.71.	47® GEO. III. Sefl*. 2.	A.D.1807.

after the Expiration of Fourteen Days in England, and Three Week8 in Scotland, after the passing of this Act, in any County in which any General Meeting shall not have been held under this A6I, there shall be raised and levied in Great Britain, in the several Counties in England' and Scotland respectively, a Number of private Militia Mem equal to Three-fourths of the original Quotas of private Men, specified in Two A6ts of Parliament passed in the Forty-fccond Year of the Reign of His pvefent Majesty, relating to the Militias of England and Scotland refpedfively.

TIL And be it further enacted, That the Lord Lieutenants, or Vice Lieutenants and Deputy Lieutenants in the several Counties in England shall, as 10011 after the passing of this Act as the same can be done not exceeding Fourteen Days, hold General Meetings for apportioning the Men to be raised, under this A6T, among the Hundreds ; and the Deputy Lieutenants shall also, within Seven Days thereafter, hold Subdivision Meetings for apportioning the Men among the Parishes in the refpePcive Subdivisions of their Counties ; and in the like Maimer the Lord Lieutenants, Vice Lieutenants, and Deputy Lieutenants in the Counties in Scotland, shall, as soon after the palling of this Act as the same can be done, take the necessary Measures for the apportioning the Men to be raised under this A do among the several Pari Hies ot their Counties, and shall hold General Meetings for their Purpoies, the First of which General Meetings in each County shall be within Three Weeks after the passing of this A6L

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in making all such Apportionments, in relation either to Hundreds or Parishes, regard shall be had to the Number of Persons serving in Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps in such Hundreds and Parishes reipedtively, and exempt by reason thereof from serving in the Militia ; and to all other Exemptions from serving in the Militia ; so as that all such Apportionments shall be made on the Numbers of Persons in such Hundreds and Parishes respectively, a6tually liable to be ballotted, and to serve in the Militia.

V.	And be it further enacted, That the Clerks to General Meeting's in England, shall within Three Days after making such Apportionments among the Hundreds of their respective Counties, transmit the same duly certified by the said General Meetings refpePcively, to the respective Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings within their Counties, on Pain of forfeiting for any Neglect to transmit such Apportionments the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and on pain of forfeiting for omitting to transmit the same as .to any Plundred or Hundreds the Sum of Fifty Pounds for each Hundred so omitted ; and the Clerks to Subdivision Meetings shall also, within Three Days after the Apportionment of the Numbers among the Parishes of the Subdivision, transmit the same to the High Ccnstables, who shall issue their Precepts accordingly, to the several Constables of such refpe6tive Parishes, on pain of forfeiting, by the said Clerks of Subdivision Meetings, for omitting to transmit the same, One hundred Pounds ; and for omitting any Parish or Parishes the Sum of Twenty Pounds for each Parish omitted ; and in like Manner the Clerks to the General Meetings in Scotland shall, within Seven Days after making such Apportionments among the Parishes of their refpedliye Counties, tnnfmit the same

9	duly

C. 71.

443

A.D.1807.	470	GEO. III. Scff.2*

duly certified by the General Meetings respectively to the Clerks of the Subdivision or District Meetings within their Counties, on pain of forfeiting for any Neglect to tranfrnit such Apportionments the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and the Clerks to Subdivision or District Meetings shall upon the Receipt of such Apportionments summon Meetings of the Deputy Lieutenants, which shall be held within Seven Days thereafter, fur the Purpose of proceeding to Ballot pursuant to such Apportionment, or for the Purpose of making out new or amended Lifts, if the same shall be necessary.

VI.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where it shall ns may amend appear to any Lord Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant, or the Deputy Militia Lifts,and Lieutenants, assembled at any such General Meeting as aforesaid, that da-eft new Lifts, any Lifts now made or returned are defective, or have not been properly

made out or returned, or require Amendment, it shall be lawful for such Deputy Lieutenants to cause such Lifts to be amended ; and it shall also be lawful for any Lord Lieutenant, or Vice Lieutenant, or Deputy Lieutenant acting for any Lord Lieutenant,with the Approbation of His Majesty, signified by one of His Principal Secretaries of State, to order and direct in any County, Subdivision, or Place, in which the same may appear to them to be absolutely necessary, that new and correct Lifts shall be made out of Persons liable to serve in the Militia, according to the Provisions in the Acts relating to the Militia.

VII.	Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any such Meetings shall amended Lifts or new Lifts shall be required under this Ad!, the Lord be held for Lieutenants, Vice or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, shall order hearing Appeals, and direct that Subdivision Meetings shall be appointed to be held at ^ni^coric<ains such Times and Places as they shall direct, not exceeding Ten Days

after such Lifts shall have been made out or amended and publifiled, for the Purpose of hearing Appeals thereon, and for correcting such Lifts ; and such Subdivision Meetings shall thereupon afiemble and hear such Appeals and correct such Lifts.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Where new Lifts cases in which it shall appear to any Lord Lieutenant or Vice Lieu- are required Five tenant, or the Deputy Lieutenants acting for any Lord Lieutenant in Monch* may be any County, that it will be necessary to make out new Lifts of the Amended Persons liable to serve in such County, or that it will be necessary to Lifts are required amend and correct any Lifts already or now making out of the Persons Four Months liable to serve in such County, before any Apportionment can be made may be allowed* among the Subdivisions and Parishes of such County, or if such Appor-

tionments can be made before any Ballot can take place in such Men required.

County, and in which the Necessity of making new Lifts, or amending

and corredling Lifts, and the Grounds of such Necessity, shall be

reprefented to one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State,

then and in such Case it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order

fignified by one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, to

extend the Period within which the Men required to be ballotted and

enrolled under this Adi, in any County in which it shall be neceflary

to make out new Lifts, to Five Months inilead of Three Months,

and also to extend the Period, as to any County in which it may be

neceflary to amend and correct Lifts, to Four Months in (lead *of

Three ; and no County, in relation to which any such extended Period

shall be allowed for the ballotting and enrolling of the Men under

444

Special

Constables maybe appointed in England .o ..tuft in making cut new I,ids or amending Lids returned under 46 G. 3. c. 91 ; Returns to be made, according to the nee/ Schedule.

€.71.	470 GEO. III. Sefl'.a.	A.D. 3S07.

this Aft, shall be subject to any Fine for not completing the Number of Men required by this Aft, until the Expiration of fach extended Period ; any Thing in this Aft contained to the contrary notwithstanding,

IX.	And be it further enacted, That it fiiall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants in the several Counties in England, and they are hereby authorized in all Cases in which any new Lifts of Persons liable to ierve in the Militia may be necessary, or in which it may be neceilary to amend £rnd correct any Lifts already returned, either for the Purpoie of apportioning the Number of Men to be ballot ted and enrolled m the several Hundreds and Parishes, or for the Purpjfe of ballotting, to appoint fu_h Number of Perions ufualiy resident in the several Parishes of their respective Subdivisions, as may be willing and ht to undertake the Duty, to be Special Constables in the several Parishes of their respective Subdivisions, for the Purpose or affiiting in the making out new Lifts, or amending and correcting the Lifts of Persons liable to ierve in the Militia, or to be trained, which may have been already returned under an Aft paiTed in the Forty-fixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Return of correct Lifts of Persons liable to serve in the Militia, wider an Aft passed in the Forty ftecond Tear of His pretent Majesty, and to suspend the Ballot for the Militia in Englander 7 wo Tears ; and the Deputy Lieutenants are hereby required to order and direct that such Special'Conltables, if any shall have been so appointed, shall, together with the Constables of the Parishes in England, proceed to verify the Returns made and Lifts of Persons returned, by Enquiry at ea-h and every House in their Parishes and shall by such Enquiry , or by Information procured at any adjoining or neighbouring Houles, when no Persons shall be at home, and by their own Knowledge, aicertain the Numbers and Names and Descriptions of Persons liable to serve as aforesaid, and shall, within such Period as shall be required by the Deputy Lieutenants, make Returns of the Names and Descriptions of such Persons, and it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants to examine such Constables upon Oath as to the Returns made by them; and such Deputy Lieutenants shall, at their next Subdivilion Meetings compare such Returns of the Constables with the Returns theretofore made of Persons so liable to serve, or to be trained as aforesaid, and thereupon, upon such Companion and Examination, and upon the Information of any Persons able to give Information in that Behalf, shall cause correct Lifts to be made out, when new Lifts shall be necessary, or the former Lifts to be amended ; and the said Deputy Lieutenants shall thereupon cause Two Returns, Duplicates, to be drawn up and tranf-mitted by the Clerk of the Subdivilion Meeting in the Form in the Schedule to this*Aft annexed, marked (A.), to the Clerk of General Meetings, and the Clerk of General Meetings shall draw out and transmit, to one of His Majesty’s Secretaries of State, a Return in the Form in the Schedule to this Aft annexed, marked (B.), and shall also transmit to such Secretary of State one of the Duplicates of the Returns made by the Clerks of Subdivision Meetings ; and it shall be lawful for iuch Deputy Lieutenants, and they are hereby required, from Time to Time to cause such Lifts and Schedules to be corrected and amended ; and if by reason of any Changes of Residence of JPerfons whole Terms of Service, as yearly Servants, or otherwise,

may

445

A.B.1807..

47° GEO. III. Seff.2.

.71.

E]

may expire at any usual Periods of Expiration of Service in their vefpeftive Subdiviiions, or of any Changes of Reftdence of any other Persons, such Lifts may require to be amended and corrested, it shall be lawful for such Deputy Lieutenants from Time to Time to cause such Constables again to proceed to make out freih or amended Returns and Lifts, by linking* out the Names of ail Persons v/ho shall have gone to re fide in any other Pari fnes of Places, arid inserting the Names of all Persons who shall have become reftdent in their respective Parishes : And it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order of one Ilis Majcftymay of His principal Secretaries of State, from Time to Time to direct any f‘orn Tlrne to Proceedings, to be had, or Subdivision or other Meetings to be held, for the making out new Lifts, or correcting or amending any Lifts, Lifts for Militia and making Returns of Perions liable to serve in the Militia, or to Men as under be trained under an Act, palled in the Forty-fixth Year of the Reign 46 G. 3. c. qo. of His present Majesty, intituled. An Ad to enable His Mayfly annually SdwtulM to train and exercfs a Proportion- of His Subjects in England, under certain Regulations, art a more effectually to provide for the Defence of the Realm ^ either in the Forms in the Schedules to this Aft annexed, or iiifuch other Forms as His ivlajelty shall by any such Order direct.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Perfoa

appointed a Special Con (table under this Act, for the Purpose of mak-	from*

ing, amending, or correcting any Lifts, or for any other Purpose, fhalL fervmg in tfe*-be entitled to any Exemption from being ballotted and enrolled to Militia, serve in the Militia ; any Thing in any Aft or Acts of Parliament to

the contrary notwithstanding.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That at the First General Meeting Directions fos

in Scotland to be held pursuant to this Act, the Lord Lieutenants and	out

Deputy Lieutenants, or the Deputy Lieutenants in every County in Scotland under Scotland, shall illue out their Orders to the Schoolmaftcr of each Parish. this A6L within their several Counties, or to the Chief Con liable and other Constables, or other Officer or Officers in each Parish or Place within their feveraPCounties, requiring every such Schoolmaster, Chief Constable,

ConftabLs, or other Officers of every such Parish or Place, to return

to the Deputy Lieutenants of their several Counties within their respective Subdivisions at the i laces, and on the Days appointed at such General Meetings respectively, fair and true Lifts in Writing according to theScheduIe to this Adi annexed, marked (C.), either by Means of special Notices to be given by such Schoolmasters, Chief Constable, Constables, or other Officers, for that Purpose, or by Means of Lifts delivered or to be delivered pursuant to Notices already given fn Terms of the said recited Aft passed in the Forty-fecond Year of the Reign of His present Majesty relating to the Militia of Scotland, and such further Enquiries as such Schoolmaster, Chief Constable,

Constables, or other Officers shall find it necessary to make.

XII.	And be it further enacted, That a Copy of every such Lift in the Form of the said Schedule (C*) shall be affixed on the Doors of the oTcSurch^v^-Churches or Chapels in which and in the Manner in which Lifts are rifiedandamend-direfted to be affixed by the said recited Aft, passed in the Forty ed as directed by second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the same shall G. 3. e. 90. also be verified upon Oath, and shall be amended upon Appeal in the

Manner thereby directed.

XIII.	And beit further enacted, That upon such Lifts being made Returns Avail-be

up, the said Deputy Lieutenants in Scotland (hail cause Two Returns nRd* b>' Subdl*

A	X	J	/-r\	t«	v	vmon to General

(Duplicates)	,nd

Lifts Audi be arhxed on Doors

Hosted by

44^

A.D. 1807-

C

' i.

47° GEO. III.

Seff. 2.

by the latter to the Secretary of State.

Notice shall be given on the Church Doors, &c. of the Ballots.

Names of Fer-i'ons ballotred shall he sent to Conflables : Notices shall he given, andAp-peals heard and fresh Ballots if rneceffary. Persons shall be enrolied, and Abftradls of Enrolment sent to Constables.

(Duplicates) to be made out and transmitted by the Clerk of the Subdivision Meeting in the Form in the Schedule to this AH annexed, marked (D.) to the Clerk to the General Meeting within their refpeHive Counties, and the Clerk of the General Meeting shall make out and transmit to One of His Majesty’s Secretaries of State a Return in the Form of the Schedule to this AH annexed, marked (E.) and shall also transmit to such Secretary of State One of the Duplicates of each of the Returns made by the Clerks of Subdivision Meetings within the several Counties.

XIV. And be it further enaHed, That the Deputy Lieutenants at their Subdivision Meetings shall in all Cases in which the Lifts shall be sufficiently correH for the Purpose of ballotting therefrom, as soon after such Apportionment as aforesaid as the same can be, and if any Lifts require Amendment, or any new Lifts are to be again made out and returned, as soon after such Amendments or Returns shall have been made refpeHively, as the same can be done, proceed to ballot for the raising the Numbers of Militia required to be raised under this AH ; and thereupon Notice shall be given by the Deputy Lieutenants or Clerk of Subdivision Meetings, by affixing the same on the Doors of the Churches or Chapels, or on other confpieuous Places in the several Parishes within their refpeHive Subdivisions, of the Days, Times, and Places appointed for Ballots under this AH, in their refpeHive Subdivisions ; and the Names of the Persons liable to be ballottcd shall publicly and in the Presence of any such Magistrates, Churchwardens, and Overleers of the Poor as chuse to attend, be called over from the Lifts, and put into the Boxes or Glades for balloting, aud shall in like Manner be publicly drawn out; and the Names of the Persons so drawn shall be publicly called over and be entered in a Book by the Clerks of the Subdivision or Persons appointed by them or the Deputy Lieutenants for that Purpose ; and such calling over of the Narties and ballotting for Persons to be enrolled under this AH shall take place at the Days, Times, and Places appointed, -and shall not commence before Ten of the Clock, nor continue longer than Six in the Evening; and if such ballotting shall not be complete in one Morning, the Boxes shall be sealed with the Seals of any Two of the Deputy Lieutenants and the Clerks of the Meeting ; and such Seals be broken, and the ballotting be finished in like public Manner on the succeeding Day or Days, or on any other Day to which such Ballot shall be adjourned.

XV, And be it further enaHed, That the Deputy Lieutenants in all Cases in which the same shall be necessary, shall appoint Days and Places for holding Meetings for hearing Appeals ; and the Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings at which such Ballot shall have taken place, shall within Three Days transmit to the Constables, School-masters, or other Officers of the Parishes within their Subdivision, the Names of the Persons ballotted therein refpeHively ; and such Constable or Schoolmaster shall thereupon give Notice to every such Person by delivering the same to hipn or his Wife, or foitie Servant or Member of his Family, or leaving the same at his usual or last Place of Abode ; and it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants, and they are hereby required in all Cases in which Persons so ballotted shall make Default, or not find Substitutes, or shall desert, or shall pay the Fine under this AH, to proceed to a fresh Bailot, and adjourn

such

Hoste

447

A.D.1807.

470 GEO. in. SelT. 2.

C.71.

being Quakers) nor serving or providing a Sub-ftituie, shall forfeit 20J.

Fine of 20b may be paid to the next Ballotted M an.

such Meeting, and dire6l like Notice to be given to the Persons baL lotted, and appoint other Meetings in case t he same shall be necessary for making fresh Ballots, until the full Number of Men required under this Act shall be enrolled to serve in the Militia.

XVI.	And be it further ena6led, That every Person chosen by Persons chofec Ballot under this A 61 to serve in the Militia, (not being one of the by Ballot (not People called Quakers) who shall refuse or negle6l to appear and take the Oath and serve in the Militia, or to provide a Subilitute in Manner dire6led by the said A6ls relating to the Militia of Great Britain,

shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, in lieu and inllead of the Sum of Fifteen Pounds, in the A6ts relating to the Militia of Great Britain mentioned to be levied and recovered in Manner in this Act mentioned ; any Thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII.	And be it further ena6led, That in every Case in which any such Fine of Twenty Pounds shall have been paid by any Person who shall have been ballotted, and shall not have appeared or found a Subilitute to serve, then and in such Case it Shall be lawful for the Overseer of the Poor of the Parish for which such Man Shall have been ballotted in England, or the Person who Shall have received such Fine, either in England or Scotland, with the Consent in Writing of such Deputy Lieutenant or Jullice of the Peace, to pay such Fine of Twenty Pounds, or such Part thereof, not being less than Half the Average Price of a Subilitute, as any Deputy Lieutenant or Jullice of the Peace Shall think lit, to any succeeding Man who shall have been ballotted, and who shall be enrolled to serve in lieu of the Person who shall have paid such Fine as aforesaid.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further ena6led, That no Person so ballotted and receiving such Sum of Twenty Pounds as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, shall be entitled to or have or receive the Allowance of One Half of the current Price of a Volunteer, or any other Allowance under any Acl of Parliament relating to the Militia, by reason of his not being poftefled of any Efcate in Lands,

Goods, or Money of the clear Value of Five hundred Pounds ; any Thing in. any Act of Parliament relating to the Militia to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it further ena6led, That where in England no Part of any such Fines of Twenty Pounds as aforesaid shall have been paid to any succeeding Man who shall have been ballotted and enrolled to serve in lieu of the Persons who shall have paid such Fine as aforesaid, then the Half of such Fine of Twenty Pounds shall be paid to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parifn for which the Man paying such Fine shall have been ballotted, for the Purpose of and'the enabling such Overseer to provide a Volunteer to supply the Place of orher Half, and the Man paying such Fine, or to pay any Allowance of Half of the also Fines of 60U current Price of a Volunteer, and if there shall be any Surplus of such Half of such Fine remaining after providing such Volunteer, or paying any such Allowance as aforesaid, the same shall go to the Rates for the Relief of the Poor of such Paristi, and the other Half of such Fine of Twenty Pounds as aforesaid, shall within Ten Days after the him paid Payment of the Fine be paid to the Receiver General of the County, tiie Tre*lur7' and by him into the Receipt of the Exchequer ; and where the Whole of such Fine of Twenty Pounds shall not be paid to any such

fucceeding

Persons receiving theFincof.mothi r before ballotted not to be entitled to Allowance a« not being poffeiT-ed of 500L

When such Fines of 20I. shall not have been piid to any succeeding Min, Half the reof Shall be applied to provide Volunteers,

8cc. under this A-it, Shall be paid to the Receiver General of the County and by

44$	C. 71.	47°	GEO. III. SefT. 2.	A.D.	1807.

fucceeding ballotted Man as afore fa id, then such Part thereof as shall not have been so paid, and also all Fines of Twenty Pounds which shall be paid by any Persons ballotted under this Adi for whom Volun-nteers Shall not have been found by the Overseer of the Poor as aforesaid, and alio all Fines of Twenty Pounds which 'fhall be paid by any Person ballotted, and making Default, shall be paid within Ten Days after the lame shall be received, and ailo all Fines of Sixty Pounds for any Default under this Adi shall be paid within Ten Days after the same shall have been afTeffect, to the Receiver General of the County, to be by him paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer: Sum-ro be paid Provided always, that no greater Sum than Ten Pounds for each Man, Volunteers lh.di found for any Pari hi as a Volunteer, in lieu of any Man ballotted, not exceed id. and who shall have paid any such Fine, or for each Allowance of Plalf .r caci i i.u„ the Price of a Volunteer, which shall have been paid as aforesaid in such i’arifh, shall be taken, received, or retained for the finding Volnntcersfor any Parish, or paying any such Allowances ; and every Clerk of Subdivilion Meetings and Overseer of the Poor or other Person who shall retain in bis Hands any such Part or Proportion of any Fine of Twenty Pounds as aforesaid, or any such Fine of Sixty Pounds as aforesaid, for the Space of Seven Days after the Expiration of such Periods of Ten Days as aforesaid, shall forfeit Double the Amount of the Money so returned, to be recovered as any Penalty may be recovered under this Adi, or any Act relating to the Militia, Application of XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where no such Fines in	Part of any inch Fine of Twenty Pounds as aforesaid shall have been

Scotland.	paid in Scotland to any succeeding Man, who shall have been ballotted

and enrolled to lerve in lieu of the Person who shall have paid such Fine as aforesaid, then the Plalf of such Fine of Twenty Pounds fit all be paid to the Colledlor of the Cess of the County, for the Purpose of enabling the Pleretors of the ParifK for which the Man paying such Fine shall have been ballotted, to provide a Volunteer to iupply the Place of such Man, and subject to the Order of such Heretcrs, or the major Part of them ; and if there shall be any Surplus of such Half of such Fine remaining, after providing such Volunteer, the same shall be paid to the Treasurer of the Kirk Session of such Parish, for the Benefit of the Poor thereof; and the other Half of such Fine of Twenty Pounds as aforesaid, shall also, within Ten Days after the same shall have been received, be paid to the said Colledlor of the Cess of such County, to be by him accounted for to the Receiver General of Scotland, in the same Manner that such Colledlor of the Cess accounts for the Land Tax ; and where the Whole of such Fine of Twenty Pounds shall not be paid to any such succeeding ballotted Man as aforesaid, then such Part thereof as shall not have been so paid, and also all Fines of Twenty Pounds which shall be paid by any Persons ballotted under this Adi, and making Default, shall within Ten Days after the same shall be received, and also all Fines of Sixty Pounds for Defaults under this Adi, shall, within Ten Days ^	after the same shall have been affeffect, be paid respectively to the

Colledlor of the Cess of the County, to be by him accounted for to such Receiver General as aforesaid, provided that no greater Sum than Ten Pounds for each Man found for any-Parifh as a Volunteer, in lieu of any Man ballotted, and who shall have paid any such Fine, iliall be taken, received, or retained for the finding Volunteers for-any

Parish ;

A.D.1807.

470 GEO. III. Seff.2.

C.71.

44?

5!. fnall be paid to Substitute on Enrolment,

Parish ; and every Person and all Persons who shall retain in his or their Hands any such Part or Proportion of any Fine of Twenty Pounds as aforesaid, or any such Fine of Sixty Pounds as aforesaid, for the Space of Seven Days after the Expiration of such Period of Ten Days as aforesaid, shall forfeit Double the Amount of the Money so retained, to be recovered as any Penalty may be recovered under this Ad or any Ad relating to the Militia.

XXL And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for Not^more than any Deputy Lieutenant to direct any larger Sum of Money than Five Pounds to be paid to any Substitute at the Time of his Enrolment, or before he shall aduaily join his Regiment ; any Thing in any Ad or Ads of Parliament relating to the Militia notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall claim Volunteers shall or have or be entitled to any Exemption from being ballotted to nor be exempt serve in the Militia under this Ad, by reason of any such Perfon	^'c^hall

being enrolled and serving in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, have rclVed the unless such Person shall have actually attended the usual Muster and full Number of Exercise of such Corps for the Number of Days required by an Act, Days required by palled in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 44 G- 3- c* 54? intituled. An A8 to consolidate and amend the Provisions of the federal A8s relating to Corps of Teomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain, and to make further Regulations relating thereto; and if any Person who shall not have so attended according to the Provisions of the said recited Act, shall nevertheless claim any Exemption, such Person shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of Thirty Pounds, notwithstanding any such Person may have a Certificate of being an effective Member of his Corps ; and from and after the palling of Certificate this Act no Certificate of any Commanding Officer of any Volunteer Corps shall be admitted by any Deputy Lieutenant upon any such Claim of Exemption, unless such Certificate shall certify the Number of Days on which the Person producing the same shall have attended the Muster or Exercise of his Corps ; any Thing in the said recited Act of the Forty-fourth Year aforesaid to the contrary notwith-Handing,

XXIII.	And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be ex-

empt from being ballotted to serve in the Militia under this Act by reason of any such Person having been ballotted or enrolled to be trained and exercised under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty-fixthYear of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled. An A8 not bTcxempt to enable His Majesty annually to train and exercise a Proportion of His under this A<£t, Subje8s in England, under certain Regulations, and more ejfeBually to unlc**s tbeY bave provide for the Defence of the Realm, and no Officer on the Half-pay	asOrti

of any of His Majesty’s Foroes, and not actually serving in some Ccrs for Militia"' Regiment of Militia or Corps of Volunteers, shall, by reason of pi Volunteers, holding any Commission from His Majesty on which he shall receive

Half-pay, be exempt from being ballotted to serve in the Militia under this Adi, unless such Person shall have tendered his Service to the Lord Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant of the County in which he shall re fide, either to serve as an Officer in the Militia, ot in some Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, or shall be incapable of Service; any Thing in any Ad or Ads of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing If any Person of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Deputy Lieutenants in their °,dc t'cl r° ^

Persons ballcttedl under 46 G- 3. c. 91. nor Officers upon Ha Lay, lliall

47 Gfioi III.

refpedive

drawn out under

Hosted by

45®	C. 71.	47®	GEO.	III.	Self. 2.	A.D.	iSo*.

this Act, frail respective Subdivisions, and they are hereby required, at any Time AaUnofbetakcn	Eer*°d	allowed	for	ballotting	and	enrolling	Men	under

within a Month, this Act, in case any Person ordered to be drawn out and embodied the Deputy Lieu- shall have made or shall make Default by not appearing, or by Defer-tenants frail fill tion or Absence from Duty, and shall not be taken within Ten Days up the Vacancy.	the Time of such Default, Desertion, or Absence, to declare

a Vacancy, and forthwith to fill up the same according to the Provisions of the said Acts and this Act, until the full Number lequired By this Act shall have been enrolled.

^ifion5Meetings-	^XV. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks of Subdivision

tranfinit^to Meetings shall within Fourteen Days after the Expiration of the Pe-rhe Clerks of the riods allowed under any of the Provisions of this Act, for the ballot-GencraiMeetings ting and enrolling of any Men in their respective Counties, make Two Schedules out and return Two Schedules in the Form to this Act annexed Schedule fVoti mar^e<^ (E) Duplicates of each other of the Number and Names of tainingtheNamcs the Men ballotted in their'Subdivision and of the Number and Names of the Men of Substitutes and Volunteers provided, and also of the Fines paid by b-illotted under Persons ballotted to serve, and of the Application of such Fines, and tins Act, the shall transmit such Schedules to the Clerk of General Meetings, who the Application1 ^all forthwith transmit One of such Schedules to One of His Ma-thereof	jelly’s Principal Secretaries of State.

XXVI. f And Whereas an A£t palled in the Forty-fecond Year 42 G. 3. c. 7 z.	< Gf the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing

c an Ad made in the Thirty-eighth Tear of the Reign of His present Ma-‘ jessy, intituled, “ An ATI for rafing a Body of Miners in the Counties t( of Cornwall and Devon for the Defence of the Kingdom during the <c present Wars and for the■ more effectually raising and regidating a

*	Body of Miner 1 for the Defence of Great Britain : And Whereas

*	Doubts have arisen whether any Vacancies which have arisen or ‘ may arise by Death or otherwise, in the said Body of Devon or ‘ Cornwall Miners, can be applied under the Provisions of tfie said

Vacancies m the < r?cited Act for Remedy thereof be it declared and enacted, That Cornwa°U Miners all Vacancies in the said Body of Devon or Cornwall Miners which /hall he hikd up have arisen since the palling of the said Act, or which may hereafter arise, may and fBall be filled up by Ballot in like Manner as in the said recited Act provided for raifi/ig of Men under, the said Act ; and it shall be lawful for the Ford Warden of the Stanneries, and such Deputy Warde as are in the said Act mentioned, to caule the Lifts and Returns of Men liable to be ballotted and enrolled to serve under the said Act, to he corrected and amended, or new Lifts to be made as Ihal! appear to them to be nccelfary, in order to the filling up Inch Vacancies.

XXVII.	And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to the City of

London.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted. That every County, Hundred, and Parish, for which the full Number of Men required by rhis Act ftiall not have been ballotted and enrolled within such Period as shall be allowed .under any of the Provisions of this Act, shall be subject to a Fine of Sixty Pounds for every Man required to be ballotted and enrolied, in such County, Hundred, or Parish remaining deficient.

XXIX.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if within One Month after the Period within which all the Men required to be

railed

by Bailor as under recited Act.

This A ft shall not extend to Lend »n

Pine of 60 1. on the Counry, 6cC. for every Man deficient.

If after Th-ee Months, Mdti found in One

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

47° GEO. III. Seff.2.

A.D.1807.

C.71.

4 51

railed under this A6I ought to have been enrolled in any County, any Deficiency shall be supplied either by any ballotted Man or Sub-ftitute, then and in such Case the Parish or Places on which such Fine may be afleffect, and in which such Deficiency shall be so supplied, shall be entitled to dedu6t or have a Return of Three-fourth Parts of such Fine of Sixty Pounds, so payable in respect of such Deficiency; and if any such Deficiency shall be supplied within Two Months after fudh Period, then One-half Part of iuch Fine of Sixty Pounds; and if within Three Months, then One fourth Part of such Fine of Sixty Pounds asaforefaid ; and from and after the'Period of Three Months after the Expiration of the Period allowed in any County for ballot-ting and enrolling Men under this A 61, no further Ballot shall take place.

XXX.	And be it further enacted, That the refpeflive Colonels dr other Commandants of the Regiments of Militia in England, shall, at the Expiration of the Period within which the Men required to be raised under this Act ought to have been enrolled within their refpeht-ive Counties, transmit to the Judices of the Peace or Magistrates assembled at the several General Quarter Sefiions of the Peace, held for the refpefttive Counties, at the Quarter Sefiions of the Peace next after such Period, Certificates of the Number of Men remaining deficient in their refperlive Regiments under the Provisions of this Aft ; and the Jindices of the Peace, or the Magistrates assembled at such Sefiions, shall at such Sefiions assess the Penalty of Sixty Pounds, for each Private Man so certified to be deficient as aforefnid, and such Afiefiment shall be forthwith returned by the Clerk of the Peace to His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer in England.

XXXI.	And be it further enaftbed, That the respective Colonels, or other Commanding Oracers of Militia in Scotland, shall, immediately after the Expiration of the reipeftive Periods within which the Numbers of Men to be ballotted and enrolled under this Act in their refpe6live Counties are required to be completed under the Provisions of this Ad, transmit to the Clerk of Supply of the respective Counties to the Militia of which they belong, Certificates of the Deficiencies and Vacancies that remain to be filled up in their respective Regi-

^ ments under this Act ; and such Clerk of Supply fiiall forthwith summon a Meeting of the Commissioners of Supply, and the Com-miflioners of Supply assembled at such Meeting final! assess the Sum of Sixty Pounds for each private Man so certified to be deficient as aforesaid in the Manner directed by an A6I palled in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Hisprefent Majesty, intituled, dn Act for providing . Relief for the Wives and Families of Militia Men in Scotland ; and such Afiefiment fiiall forthwith be transmitted by the Clerk of Supply to His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and all the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Rules, and Directions, Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, relating to the making and levying of the Afielfments directed by the fmd last recited Ad, and the said Ad pafied . in the Forty-fecond Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Militia of Scotland, shall be and are hereby declared to be in full Force for the making and levying of such AfTeiTment for not completing the Number of Men required to be ballotted and enrolled under this Act, as fully as if the same were herein re-enaffed.

XXXII.	And be it further ena6ted, That in cale the full Number of Men required to be ballotted and enrolled for any County, Hun-

G g 2	dred.

Month, a Dedu<£tion or Return of 3'4ths of the 60 I.; within Tw» Monrhs, ; within Three Months ±.

Commandants 1 shall transmit to the General Quailer Sefiions Certificates, and thrjufiices there alTernblcd shall afTefs 60 1. for each Man certified to be deficient.

Comm mdants in Scotland shall transmit Certificates to the Clerk, of Supply, and 60b shall be a lie fie d for each Man certified to be deficient.

OM3 G. 3.

c. 89.

42 G. 3. c. 91.]

Places whici* have nor proceeded t#

Hosted by

452

C. 71.

470 GEO. HI. SeiH 2.

A.D.1807.

Ballot may be fined by the Court of Exchequer on Application of tne Attorney General*

Places in Scotland which

have not proceeded to BalloC may be fi’.cd on Appfic.uion to the Co ur- of Exchequer there.

When Men radhd, &rc\ Ballot ay fin fu!pended nil jan. 1, Ioi5>.

HMVT >j n y nasty O; tier B h' ■! so lie taken, tv'lliin

fucii Period for fop •lying' '.VitCtUiCiCi.

dred, or Parish, in England, shall not have been so ballotted and enrolied, it shall be lawful for the Court of Exchequer, in England, on Application of Elis Majeity’s Attorney General (if it flia 11 fee fit) to grant a Rule calling upon the Treasurer of the County, the Chief Con liable of the Hundred, or Constable or Overseer of the Poor of any Parish, in respect of which such Application shall be made, to shew Cause why such County, Hundred, or Parish respectively should not pay such Sum of Sixty Pounds for every Man so deficient as aforesaid ; and if no fufiicient Cause be fhevvn to the Court, within iuch Time as shall be specified in such Rule upon such Treasurer, Chief Conliable, or Conitables or Oveefeer of the Poor respectively, then to fine such County, Hundred, or Parish, in respect of which such Application shall be made, in such Sum of Sixty Pounds per Man for every Man so deficient, and to cause such Fine to be levied by Diftrir.gas or other Process applicable to the Nature of the Case, according to the Rules and Practice of such Court, upon the Chief Constable or Clerk of Subdivision Meetings as to Hundreds, or upon the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish as to the Parishes; and it fiiall also be lawful for the said Court of Exchequer thereafter to remit any such Proportion of any such Fine or Fines as is by this Adi allowed to be returned, on Proof to the Satisfaction of the Court that the proper Ballot and Enrolment have been executed under this Aft within the Time specified as aforesaid.

XXXIII.	And be it enacted, That in case the full Number of Men required to be ballotted arid enrolled for any County in Scot,land fiiall not have been so ballotted and enrolied, it shall be lawful for the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, on the Application of His Ma-jeity's xkdvocate, to make an Order, calling upon the Clerk of Supply of the County, in respect of which such Application shall be made, to shew Cause why such County, or the Parish or Place therein in respect of which such Application shall have been made, shall not pay such Sum of Sixty Pounds for every Man so deficient as aforesaid ; and if no sufficient Cause can be {hewn to the Court within such Time as fiiall be specified in such Order, then to fine such. County, Parish or Place, in relpeft of which such Application shall be made, in fuck “ Sum of Sixty Pounds per Man for every Man so deficient, and to cause such Fine to be levied by such Process as may be applicable to the Nature of the Case, according to the Rules and Practice of such Court ; and it shall also be lawful for the said Court thereafter to remit any such Proportion of any such Fine or Fines as is or are by this Aft allowed to. be returned, on Proof to the SatiR fa (Scion of the Court that the proper Ballot and Enrolment have been executed under this Aft within the Time specified as aforesaid.

XXXIV.	And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as all the Men required to be railed for the Militia of any County under this Aft fiiall have been railed and enrolied, or the Periods allowed for railing Men under this Aft shall have expired, all further Ballot in such County fiiall be fu(pended, and shall remain so suspended until the FiHf Day of January in the Year of our Ford One thousand. eight hundred and ten.

XXXV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, at any Time within such Period as aforesaid, if He fiiall think fit, to order and direct, by any Warrant under His Royal Sign Manual, that such Ballot shall take place for the

Purpose

Hosted by

453

A.D.1807.	47° GEO. III. SelT.2.	C.	71.

Purpose of supplying any Vacancies, or any Proportion of any Vacancies, which may have arisen in the Militia of any County, Riding, or .

Place, after the Militia thereof shall have been reduced to the Quota specified in the said Adis of the Forty-fecond Year aforesaid ; any Thing in this Aft contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI.	And be it further enabled, That where Deputy Lieute- Deputy nants are by this Act directed or empowered to do any Act, Matter, L^utcnanr or or Thing, in.or concerning the E •ecution thereof, the lame (hail be

good and valid, if it be done by any one Deputy Lieutenant, or in the to’j,e ^one by Absence of any Deputy Lieutenant by one Just ice of the peace, Deputy Licufe-except as to all such Matters as are directed to be done by Deputy nants'under this Lieutenants acting in the Absence of a Lieutenant or Vice Lieute- Q^Vcril*^1' 3t nant, or at any General Meeting, or at any Subdivision Meeting : Meetings. Provided always, that where Two Deputy Lieutenants only fnali be able to. attend any Subdivision Meeting for hearing Appeals or making Apportionments, for superintending any Ballots or Enrolments under this Adi, it shall be lawful for any one Just ice of the Peace or Magiiirate, or where one Deputy Lieutenant only shall be able to .attend any such Meeting, it shall be lawful for any Two Jui-tices of the Peace or Magistrates of the Diviiion or District, to fit and act with such Deputy Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, with all such Powers and Authorities relating thereto as are in ( this Act, or any Act relating to the Militia, given to Deputy Lieutenants.

XXXVII.	And be it further enacted. That all Provisions, Direc- Provisions of tions, Clauses, Matters, and Things whatever in this Act contained A<ct rfSarmS relating to Counties, shall extend and be construed to extend to all

Ridings, Stewarties, Shires, Divisions, Cities, and Places; and all r,&c. Provisions, Directions, Clauses, Matters, and Things in this A6k m 1 all Powers-of contained relating to Hundreds, shall extend and be construed to ex- Court Voles to tend to all Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, and other D visions in or of D,t,linS-mcn* any such County, Riding, Division, Shire, Stewavtry, City, or Place ; ^c* and all Provisions, Directions, Clauses, Matters, and Things in this Act contained relating to. Parishes, shall extend and be conitrued to extend to all Townships, Tythings, and Places, and to all Extra Parochial Places united therewith for the Purposes of any Adi relating to the Militia ; and all Powers by this Act given to any Con liable shall extend to all Tythingmen, Headboroughs, Peace Officers, and other Persons acting as Conflables in any Counties, Hundreds,

Parishes, and Places, in which there shall be no Conilabk, as fully and amply as if they were several ly and respectively repeated in every such Provision, Direction, and Clause, and with relation to every such Matter or Thing.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, Powers of A<fls Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and 42 G.3. c. 90 Things contained in the said Adis of the Forty- second Year of riis ^ 9;> &c' Majellyk Reign, or in any other Adis relative to the Militia of JBvg- <’^“nckcl L° tlus land and Scotlandrespectively, ffiall, as far as the same are applicable and can be applied for the Purpose of carrying this Adi into Execution, and are not hereby altered, varied, or repealed, be applied for the Purposes of this Act, in as full and ample a Manner as if the said Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Parities, Forfeitures,

Clauses, Matters, and Things were again repeated and re-enadled in this Aft.

G g 3	XXXIX.	And

Hosted by

454

Penalty on High Constables, &c. insuring fol*

providing Su'ndinutes or Volunteers, iool.

Recovery of Penalties under this Aft exceeding 20I. before Courts of Record.

Justice of Pence or Deputy Lieutenant m;iy determine P enalries under this Aft not exceeding 20I. with appeal ro Quarter Session 5

i

I

3

C. 71.	470 GEO. III. - Seffi 2.	A,D,	1807.	I

XXXIX.	And be it further enabled, That, from and after the palling of this Adi, if any High Conitable, or Chief or other Constable, or Schoolmaster, or any Commillioned Officer, Adjutant, Quarter Mailer, or Serjeant in the Militia, shall insure or take any Money for the [nfurance of, or be in .any Way concerned in any Company, Society,, Partnership, or Office for the Insurance of any Perl'on or Persons for the providing any Substitute or Volunteer, or Substitutes or Volunteers, or for the paying or returning any Money for the pro^ viding any Substitute or Volunteer, or Substitutes or Volunteers in the Militia, for any Person or Persons who may be ballotted to serve in the Militia, every such High Constable, op Chief or other Con-stable, or Schoolmaster, or Lommiffioned Officer, Adjutant, Quarter Mailer, or Serjeant as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such Offence One hundred Pounds.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures by this Adi imposed, which shall exceed Twenty Pounds, shall be recovered by Aftiom of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, at the Suit of His Majesty’s Attorney General for England, or Advocate for Scotland, or at the Suit of any Person appointed to sue for the same by any Lieutenant, or Deputy Lieutenants, or Vice Lieutenants acting for any Lieutenant, in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at WeJlminJler, or the Courts of Great Session in the Principality of Wales, or the Courts of the Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster, and Durham (as the Case ffiall require), in England, and in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, wherein no Effoign, Privilege, Pro-tedtion, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, or'Deputy Lieutenant, redding, near the Place where any Offence shall be committed against this Aft, which subjects the Offender to any pecuniary Penalty, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to hear and determine such Offence, at any Time within Six Months after the Offence committed ; and such Justice of the Peace or Deputy Lieutenant shall, upon any Information, Exhibit, or Complaint, made in that Behalf, summon the Party accused, and also the Witnesses on either Side, and shall examine into the Matter of Faft, and upon due Proof made thereof, either by the voluntary Confession of the Party, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to give Judgement for the Penalty or Forfeiture, as by this Aft is dirested, and to issue his Warrant, under his Hand and Seal, for the levying any pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures so adjudged on the.

Goods of the Offender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof, in caie they shall not be redeemed within Four Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus, if any; and where the Goods of the Offender cannot be found sufficient to answer the Penalty, to commit such Offender to Prison, th^re to remain for any Time not exceeding Three Months, unless such pecuniary Penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied ; and if any Perfcn or Persons ffiall find himself or themlelves aggrieved by the Judgement of such Justice or Deputy Lieutenant, then he or they shall and may upon giving Security to the Amount or Value of such Penalty and Forfeiture, together with such Coils as shall be awarded in case such Judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions for the Qounty, Riding, or Place,, who are hereby empowered to summon and examineWitneffes

upoj^

A.D,i8o7.	47°	GEO.	III.	Self.	2.	C.	7	r„	455

Penalty on Witnesses neglecting to

upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the same ; and in case the Judgement fiiall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such Justices to award the Person or Persons to pay such Coils occasioned by such Appeal as to them shall seem meet.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses, to give Evidence before such Justice or Deputy Lieutenant, touching any cf the Matters relative to this Act, either on the Part of .the Prosecutor or Persons aPPcar> * accused, and fiiall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for such his, her, or their Neglect or Refusal, to be allowed of by such Justice or Deputy Lieutenant, before whom the Prosecution shall be depending, that then every such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied and paid in such Manner and by such Means as is directed as to the other Penalties.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the Justice or Deputy Form of Lieutenant before whom any Offender fiiall be convicted as aforesaid, Coavi<flian0 shall cause the said Conviction to be made out in the Manner and Form following, or in any other Form of Words to the same Efsect, mutatis ■mutandis, (that is to say),

c JP; E it remembered, That on the	Day of

€ Jl5 in the Year of Our Lord

*	in County of	A.	B.	of

c was convifled before me, C. D. One of His Majesty’s Justices of the

*	Peace [on One of the Deputy Lieutenants,^ the Case may be] for

*	the said County, residing near the Place where the Offence was

£ committed, for that the said A. B. on the	Day	of

a	now last past, did, contrary	to the Form of the

4 Statute in that Case made and provided [herefate the Offeree again/l

*	the At7] and I do declare and adjudge that the said A. B\ hath for-

*	feited the Sum of	J

XLIV. And be it further enabled. That no Order or Convi&ion, Qrderi and made in England in pursuance of this A 61, by any Lieutenant, Deputy Con visions shall Lieutenant, or Justice of the Peace, fiiall be removed by Certiorari J1?t be removed into any Court whatever, and that no Writ or Certiorari fiiall fuper- Certiorari, fede Execution or other Proceedings upon any such Order or Con-•vidlion, but that Execution and other Proceeding shall be had thereupon, any such Writ or Writs notwithstanding ; and in like Manner no Sentence, Warrant, or Order of any Deputy Lieutenants or Justice or Justices of the Peace in Scotland, shall be removed into any Court whatsoever by Bill of Advocation or Sufpension, or Process of Reduction, or in any other Manner whatsoever; and that no such Bill,

Process, or other Application shall fist Execution or Procedure upon any such Sentence, Warrant, or Order, but that the same shall bt parried into Execution notwithstanding thereof.

G g 4	SCHEDULES

On

Q\

O

o

&■

FT

SCHEDULES to which this A£t refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

RETURN to be made by Clerk of Subdivision Meeting to Clerk of General Meeting.

O

	Defcription of P fcrve in th		eifans liable to e Militia.		Total liable to serve iu the Militia.	Perfons liable to-be trained. |		Perfons exempt.						

P&rilh.	KavingnoChildren		Having Children.			Exempt from	Total liable to be trained.	Yeoman-	Clergy, Licenfed	Army, Navy, Marines, Sea Fencibles.	Infirm, Aged, &c.	Total	Apprentices, Clerks,Perfons	Total exempt from Militia.

	Under 30.	Above 3°*	NoChild under 14.	Any Child underi^j.		Militia, but liable to be trained.		ry and Volunteers.	Teachers, Medical Men, ’ Conftablcs			exempted from Training.	ferving by Sub-flitute, &c. ex-1 eropt from Militia, but liable to be trained.	

A.	130	150	120	135	535	104	639	1,5	7	94	44	260	53	313

B.	210	200	214	2*5	849	216	1065	223	11	129	37	400	7i	471

C.														

General Totals. ■ -														

-Tv

'-j

o

a

w

o

03

a

B

>

b

CO

O

Hosted by

SCHEDULE (B.)

RETURN to be made by Clerk of General Meetings,

o

o

o

Subdivi-

fion.

Total liable to serve in the Militia.	Perfons liable to be trained;		Perfons Exempt.						

	Exempt from Militia, but liable to be trained.	Total liable to be trained.	Yeomanry and Volunteers.	Clergy, Licensed Teachers, Medical Men, Conftablcs	Army, Navy, Maiines, Sea Fencibles.	Infirm, &c.	Total exempted from Training.	Apprentices, Clerks,Persons serving by Sub-fiilute, &c. exempt from Militia, but liable to be trained.	Total exempt from Militia.

935	210		245	20	207	94	566	125	691

T>349	464	1,813	427	36	3 ”	Ii5	974	234	f,20S

									

Description of Persons liable to lerve in the Militia.			

HavingnoChildren		Having Children.	

Under 30.	Above 30-	NoChild under 14,	Any Child underi4-

230	250	220	235

410	300	314	325

			

O

4^

N

General T otals.

A.D.1807.	470	GEO.	III.	Seff.	2.

Hosted by

SCHEDULE (C.)

*

Vn

00

LIST of Persons between the Age I of Eighteen and Forty-five, dwelling within the Parish of/ in the County of B.

in Scotland.

Names	J Age.		Having no Children.	Having Children.		Yeomanry	Clergy, Liccnfed	Army,		Apprentices,

and						and	Teachers,	Navy,	Infirm.	Pcrfons ferving

Description.	Under 30.	Above3o*		No Child under 14.	Child or Children under 14	Volunteers.	Medical Men, Confiables, Schoolmasters.	Marines, Sea Fencibles.		by Subilitute.

A. S.	Under.	_	None.							

C.D.	-	Above.	-	None.						

E. F.	-	Above.	-	-	2					

€.11. I. X.			« -			Private in Corps.				

0.71.	47°	GEO.	III.	Seff.2.	A.D.1807.

Hosted by

SCHEDULE (D.)

RETURN to be made by Clerk of Subdivision Meeting in Scotland to Clerk of General Meeting.

Fsrith.	■ Defcrip	ion of Persons liable to serve in the Militia.			Total liable to serve in the Militia.	Perfons exempt from the Militia.					Total exempt from Militia.	Total Number of Persons between the Ages of 18 and 45.

	Having no	Children.	Having Children.			Yeomanry and Volunteers.	Clergy, Liccnfed T eachers, Medical Men, Constables, Schoolmasters.	Army, Navy, Marines, Sea Fencibles.	Infirm.	Apprentices, Persons serving by Subrtitute, &c.		

	\ Under 30.	Above 30.	No Child under 14.	Any Child under 14.								

A.	25	50 -	20	30	125	35	3	28	8	TO	74	199

B.	40	40	43	45 .	168	S?	S	43	7	*5	120	28S

C.												

O

n

JV.D.iSoy,	GEO.	III.	Seff.	%.	C.71.

4*

ON

O

n

w

SCHEDULE (E.)

■ RETURN to be made by Clerk of General Meeting in Scotland.

X '

o

CD

Q.

O"

b

o

n

	Defciiption of Persons liable to serve in the Militia.				Total		Perfons exempt from the		Militia..		Total	[Total Number

County of	Having no Children.		Having '	Children.	liable to j serve in | the Militia,	Yeomanry	Clergy ,Lu:en f-ed Teachers,	Army, Navy,	Infirm.	Apprentices,	exempt from	of Persons between the

	Under 30-	Above 30-	No Child under 14.	AnyChilri under 14.		I and Volunteers.	Medical Men, Constables, Schoolmasters.	Maiines, Sea Fencibles.		ferving by Subftituie.	Militia.	Ages of 18 and 45.

p3rifh of A.	z5	50	20	30	125	35	3	18	8 ,	10	74	199

	of B.	4-o	40	43	45	368	50	5	43	7	15	120	288

General Totals.												

Vj

o

O

M

O

CO

o>

P*

>

b

CO

o

Hosted by

SCHEDULE (F.)

o

o

cS

FT

SUBDIVISION of	#	County	of

Number of Men required to be ballotted.

21.

Parifbes, See.	Number required.	Principals.	Subftitutes.	Volunteers.	D^te of Enrolment	Fines paid by Balloted Men.	Sum paid to Overleers or Collector of Cess.	How applied.	Sum paid to Receiver General or Collector of Cess.

Sr. Mary's	7	Thomas Williams S muel Junes Edmund Gray William Smith	William Jones	Thomas Smith	OO l 1 ^	£20 20 20	£10	Finding Volunteers 2d Balloted Man	«£io 20

		Samuel Davis	—	—		20	—	C £i c; paid to 7 i 2d Ballotted Man j	S

St. Thcmas.	TO								

Sr. James	4								

Totals.	21								

ON

n

y

(Signed) A. B> Clerk of Subdivision Meeting,

A.D. 1807.	470	GEO.	III.	SefT.3.	C.71.

47° GEO. III. Sefl-.x

A.D. 1807.

4^3	0.72—74*

CAP. LX XII.

An Act for raising the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds by Treasury Bills for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven. [14th Augujl 1807.] LAs 47 G. $mJl. 1. c. 10.]

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Four millions five hundred thousand Pounds for the Service of Great Britain.	[14th	Augujl	1807.]

ct Treasury may raise 4,500,000 /. by Loans or by Exchequer Bills, u as under Malt Adi, 47 G. Jl. 1. c. 3. § 1, 2.—Such Bills shall “ bear an Interest not exceeding 3-d * per Centum per Diem, J 3, — Such “ Bills shall not be taken in Payment at the Exchequer before April 5, “ 1808, &c.§ 4.—Such Bills charged on the Firlt Supplies of the next “ Session, .§ 5.—Bank may advance 4,300,200/. on the Credit of 44 this Adi, § 6.	N

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for more effectually securing the Payment of the Debts of Traders. .	[14th	Augujl	1807.]

4 WHEREAS it is expedient that the Payment of the Debts 4 W of Persons in Trade Should be secured more effedlually 4 than is done by the Laws now in force p Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament alTembled, and by the Authority of the same, ^hen a	That, from and after the palling of this Adi, when any Person, being

Trader shall die at the Time of his Death a Trader within the true Intent and Real^Meaning of the Laws relating to Bankrupts shall die seised of or en-Lands &c the titled to any Efcate or Interest in Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, lame shall be or other Real Eslate, which he shall not by his last Will have charged Affeis to be with or devised subject to or for the Payment of his Debts, and which ad.inimflered in before the passing of this Adi would have been Alfets for the Payment T'n""'7 fr''	of his Debts due on any Specialty in which the Eleirs were bound,

the same shall be AfTets to be adminiPeered in Courts of Equity for the Payment of all the just Debts of such Person, as well Debts due on Simple Contract a on Specially ; and that the Heir or Heirs at Law, Devi fee or Oevifees of inch Debtor, shall be liable to all the same Suits in Equity, at the Suit of any cf the Creditors of such Debtor, whether Creditors by Simple Contract or by Specialty, as they were before the palling of this Adi liable Jto at the Suit of Creditors by Specialty, in which the Heirs were bound : Provided always, that in the Adminifl:rai.io:i of A (lets by Courts of Equity, under and by virtue of this Adi, all Creditors by Specialty, in which the Heirs are bound, shall be paid the full Amount of the Debts due to them, before any of the Creditors by Simple Contract or by Specialty in which the Heirs are net bound, shall be paid any Part of their Demands.

7	II.	Provided

jc^uny 101

Payment of all Debts, &c.

Creditors by

byoc’alcy in winch Heirs bound shall b hilt paid.

Hosted by

A.D.i8o7*	470	GEO.	III.	SefT.g.	C.	74*7?*

II.	Provided also, and be it farther enacted, That nothing in this Adi contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend to repeal, or alter, an Adi of Parliament made in Ireland in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An A8 for repealing an Act passed in this Kingdom in the Eighth Tear of the Reign of King George the F-irJl, intituled, ‘ An Act for the better-

*	fecuring the Payment of Bankers Notes, and for providing a more ejfeftual

•	Remedy for the Security and Payment of Debts due by BankersA

^ CAP. LXXV.

An Act for suspending the Operation of an Act of the Thirty-fix th Year of His present Majesty, for the further Support and Maintenance of Curates within the Church of Englandy and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned, so far as relates to the Avoidance of Benefices by the Incumbents thereof having accepted augmented Curacies.

[14th Augujl 1807.]

WHEREAS by an Adi palled in the ,Thirty-fixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the r further Support and Maintenance of Curates within the Church of Eng-’ land, and for making certain Regulations respecting the Appointment of 1 such Curates, and the AdmiJJion of Persons to Cures augmented by ’ Queen Anne’s Bounty, with rej'peft to the Avoidance of other Benefces ;

' after reciting that, by an Adi passed in the First Year of His late ; moll gracious Majesty King George the First, it was enacted that c all Churches, Curacies, and Chapels which should be augmented by r the Governors of the late Queen Anne’s Bounty, should be from { thenceforth Perpetual Cures and Benefices ; and that it was expe-1 dient that such augmented Churches, Curacies, and Chapels, should ‘ be subjected to the lame Rules as Benefices with respect to the ■ Avoidance of other Benefices ; it was enacted that such augmented f Churches, Curacies, and Chapels, should be coniidered in Law as * Benefices Presentative, so as that the Licence thereto should ope-1 rate in the same Manner as Inllitution to such Benefices, and should 1 render voidable other Livings in like Manner as Inllitution to the said 1 Benefices ; and also after reciting that Doubts had been entertained ( whether the Acceptance of such augmented Churches, Curacies, and 1 Chapels had rendered voidable in Law such other Benefices as the * Incumbents possessed before their Acceptance of the same, and that ‘ it was fit that many Incumbents who had accepted such Churches, ‘ Curacies, and Chapels, should be quieted in the PolTAion of the * Benefices they enjoyed before the Acceptance of the same, it was * further enacted and declared, that all such Benefices as were held * in Conjunction with augmented Cures before the pa fling of the said e Act, should continue to be held by the then Incumbents therewith, c and that.it should not be lawful to present to the said Benefices until * they should become void or voidable by Dentil or Cession, or by ‘ ©ther lawful Cause'of Avoidance anting after the palling of the said * A fit : And Whereas many Clergymen have innocently and unwarily * since the said Adi, and mter they were Incumbents of ether Bene-* fices, accepted Churches, Curacies, and Chapels, which were aug-

4 mealed

463

A 61 not to repeal Ii ifl\ Act of 33 G. 2. c, 14*

36 G. 3. c. 83* § 3> 4*

464

C-75.

47* GEO. III. Spff.2.

.D.1807.

Pcifcns who, or or at any Time after the first Day of this Senior,, were lawful Incumbents, although they have accepted augmented Cures, lhell remain

Incumbents till the Fortieth Day of the next Scfii,n, ice.

‘ merited as aforesaid, without any Knowledge that they would by ‘ Reason thereof cause an Avoidance or Right of Presentation to their 6 former Benefices: And Whereas it may be expedient that fome

*	Regulation should hereafter be made respecting the Acceptance of ( such augmented Churches, Curacies, and Chapels, and that for a ‘ Time to be limited in that Behalf, no Right of Deprivation or of ‘ Presentation shall be exercised in respect of the Acceptance of any

*	fuch augmented Church, Curacy, or Chapel Be it therefore enabled by the King’s moil Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aisembled, and by the Authority of the same. That all Persons who, upon or at any Time after the First Day of this present. Session of Parliament; were or have been the lawful Incumbents of any Benefices, shall, notwithstanding they have or had accepted any such augmented Cures, but without Prejudice to the Avoidance or Right of Presentation, arisen from any other Cause, remain and be the Incumbents of such Benefices until the Fortieth Day of the next Session of Parliament, or until the Death or Cession of such Incumbent respectively, or other lawful Cause of Avoidance of such Benefices respectively, other than the Acceptance of such augmented Cures respectively : Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall have any other Operation, than to fuipend, during the Time herein-before limited in that Behalf, the Effect of any Presentations or Inllitutions which have been made or taken place, or shall be made or take place in the intermediatedime, to be computed from the said First Day of this present Session of Parliament; provided that the Time during which any Suspension shall take place of the Effect of any Presentation or Institution made, or to be made as aforesaid, shall not be reckoned as Part of the Time during which there hath been a. Vacancy* jn any Question of Lapse.

P

C A P>

,Q

w

o

O

o

eg

ft

An Act for

CAR LXXVT. granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the

Consolidated Fund of Great Britain ; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven ; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Seilioa of Parliament.

[14th Auguj} 1807.]

I.

II.

a

tr-

ill.

IV.

V.

VI.

e€

3,750,000 19,800,000

d.

o

Q

Out of the Surplus otBntifh Consolidated Fund -From the following Duties, viz. -	-

Additional Customs under	43	G.	3.	c.	70,

Additional Excife	-	 c.	si.

Duties on Property	------------c. 122.

Additional Cuitoms	-	44	G.	3.	c>	53.

Additional Duties on Property

4,500,000 o o

171,(85

92,66

46>333

5

n

6

.	.	45g-3-^M

Additional Excise on Tobacco, dec. 46 G. 3. r. 39.

Additional Customs -	 c.	42.

Additional Duties on Property-------r c. 65.

Part of the Sum of 18,020,000

ranted by -	-	46	G.	3.	c.	149,	§	2.

3\ Surplus of Grants for 1806 4 being the Profits of the 4 th Lottery-)	,

8 Profits of laid Lottery for Service of Y r ^ Ct* 0 Ireland -	-	.	'	j	^	G*.	148.

Granted for Sc 1807.

to make good the Supply rvice of Great Britain for

The following Sums, viz. produce of iV; alt Act

2.000.	000 10,500,000

J2,200,C00

3.000.	000 j,5 0,000 4,500,000

o

o

o

o Pen lions o Exchequer Bills o Annuities (after Xdueling remitted to Ireland) o Exchequer Bills o Do. o Do,

47 G. 3. Self. 1. c. 3. ---------------------Ct	4

-----------------C.	2.

d

1

,000,000

-------c, 28- |

Self. 2. c. 6. 1

—--------c- 7- I

-*• 73-J

Appropriated exp re fled

to the Uses See § 8, &c.

alter

>

b

CO

o

4^

V

o

o

W

O

CO

o>

B

p

C\

C\

on

Hosted by

O

cr

o

oo,

FT

§ VI.

continued*

VII.

VIII.

IX.

“ Tc

X.

XI.

$£ s. d.

Lotteries (deducting One-third for Ireland)	47	G. 3. Self. 2. ^9.*)

19,800,000 a o : Hit of War Taxes ' granted above, fee § 2.)

4.500.000	o o Granted arove (§ 3.)

171,185	5	3-|	Surplus of Grants (granted above §4)

9 ’>666, 13 4	! refits of Lottery (granted above §5.)

3.750.000 o o Out of Consolidated Fund (granted above §1.)

The'following Sums, viz.

.1,000,000	0	o	(Treafury Bills) ") Cornin'-

i into Irish Y Exchequer | under the Acts

I Appropriated ; expressed.

I

j

to the Uses See § 8, &c.

alter

o (Part of Briijjh Loan) ! o (Loan)

2,00^,000 o

1,500,000 o

Share of Lotteries

500,00c o o Treasury Bills	[

46,333	6	8	Share of 4th Lottery j

Application, viz.

For the Navy Services following, viz. es for 130,' ooMen, including

47G.3 Seflf.i.r.io

--------------c.	28

--------------c.	46

-----Self.2. c. 9

-------•— r. 72

46 G. 3. — r. 148

Appropriated to the Uses after expressed. See § 21, &c.

J

17^00,457	9	3

3,126,500	0	0 ^

3,211,000	0	0

5,070,000	0	0

422, COO	0	0

1,135,434	9	3

2,134,903	0	0

1,500,000	0	0

300,000	0	0

500,020	0	0

4,500,000 0 0 j His Majesty to take		

500,000	0	0

180,000	0	0

3 M°o

■ annes

At per f Man

per

Month.

Their Victualling "Wear and Tear of Ships For Ordnance for Sea Service Ordinary of the Navy (including Half Pay) Building, rebuilding and repairing Ships, extra Hire of Transports

Sick and Wounded Seamen at Home and Abroad Prisoners of War at Home and Abroad

For the Service of Great Britain such Measures as the Exigencies of Affairs m;

For the Service of Ireland for like Purpose

Advanced to King of Prujp.a.

1

o I

o [> For 13 Months,

0 I

oj

- >For the Year 1807.

Out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies aforesaid.

C?v

C\

C,j6*	47°	GEO,	III.	SefT.	2.	A.D.	1807°

S3

O

o

0§

si X.

19,875,946 1 4,051,623 2,609,143 1

a.

2

O

3

25,214	10	0

277,249	0	10

190,529	17	6

,493,644	7	5

62,153	17	0

157*227	16	4

34.4-18	j 1	0

22 1,200	18	6

467>2/3	3	11

J 86,982	1	9

6>533	1	2

/ 4,000	0	0

75°	0	0

406,383	7	5

43^58	7	6

6 For the Land Service following, was.

6 For 113,793 effective Men in Great Britain and Ireland

9 For the Forces in the Plantations, &c. including GibraU (From 23th December 1S06 tar, the Mediterranean, Cape of Good Hope, Ceylon, j to 24th December 1807. IVrw dto/j Wales9 and on Special Service -	-	J

For Five Troops of Dragoons and Thirteen. Companies offiv

Foot for recruiting the Regiments serving in India - (From 25 th December 1806 On Account, for Recruiting and Contingencies for the [ to 24th Decemherl 807.

Forces in Great Britain and Ireland, See. -	-J

For General and Staff Officers and Hospital Officers in ^ -r-,	0

Great Britain: and Ireland,&c -	.)	For the \ ear 1807.

For the embodied Militia and Fcncible Infantry in Great']

Britain arid Ireland	-

For Contingencies for Ditto For cloathing the Militia of Great Britain Supernumerary Officers of the Forces -	-	-	|

Principal Officers of Public Departments in Great Britain and Ireland^ and Exchequer Fees -	-

Increased Rates to Innkeepers on quartering Soldiers and Allowances, &c.	-	-	-	J

On Account of Half Pay to reduced Officers of Land")

Forces	-----	I

For Military Allowances to reduced Officers of Land j

For Half Pay and Allowances to reduced Officers of ^ ^or ^ear I^0/*

Britjfb American Forces -	J

On Account of Officers late in the Service of the States |

General	-	-	J

Chelsea and Kilmainham In and Out Pensioners and ( From 25th Dec* 1806 Expences of the Kofpitals -	-	j	to 24th Dec. 1807.

Widows Pensions in Great Britain and Ireland -	-	For the Year 1807.

From 25th December 1806 to 'lefhDecember 1807.

>

b

00

o

^4

o

in

o

co

CD

n

CA

on

o

o

eg

ft

sS s. d. § XII. 1,490,301 4 8 iontinued. 832,540 19	9

18,208 15 11

18,461 IO TO

469,450 i 2	6

12,000 O O

XIII.

XIV.

XV.

XVI.

XVII.

XVIII.

Volunteer Corps in Great Britain and Ireland Foreign Corps in His Majesty’s Service Allowances to Chaplains of the Forces "

General Hospital Expences, &c. for Ireland, Military Infirmary in Dublin -	-	-	-

Barrack Department in Ireland

On Account of Land Officers’ Children and Widows not entitled to Penfions	-	-	-

841,526	6	5	Extraordinary Expenditure of Commissary General

Department of Great Britain 506,237 o o Barrack Department in Great Britain 51,924	7	3	For defraying the Charge of sundry Additions to the

Eftabliffiment of the Army	-

15,000	©	o	For Charge for attaching Infpedling Field Officers to

Volunteer Corps of Great Britain

793,710 o 8 Army Extraordinaries not provided for

2,950,000 o o Army Extraordinaries in Great Britain 600,000 o o Ditto	Ireland

2,278,197 o 10 For Ordnance Office for Land Service in Great Britain 301,406	9	8	Ditto not provided for	-

262,365 14	2	Ditto Ditto	-	-

479,246 19	7	For Ordnance Service in Ireland

10.500.000	o o To discharge outllanding Exchequer Bills under 46 G. 3. c. 2 5.

4.500.000	o o Ditto	iflued	for	the	Service	of	1806.

3,000,000 o o Ditto	46	G.	3.	c, 41.

1.500.000 o o Ditto	-------c. 26.

5,382 17 8 To make good Money issued by Addrefies of the House of Commons.

[ From 27 th December 1806 to 2 efthDecemher 1807.

y For the Year 1807.

J From 25th Der. 1805 1 to 24th Dec. 1806.

j- For the Year 1807.

For the Year 1807.

In 1805.

In 1806.

For the Year 1807.

o\

00

n

'vY

4^

o

O

w

O

05

n

B

>

b

cc

O

Hosted by

£ S' d.

XIX. Civil Ellablifitments, viz.

8,2 So o o Upper Canada. o o ° ° o o o o

Q O

5 IO 8 4 o

XX.

ffi

ts*

O

o

eg

fT

7.165

4,650 3,100 2,040 I,So; 22,175 21,227 6,853

I 2,000

5l>35°

15.000

12.000

1 75,000

20,000 3,000 11,600 140,199

1,432

9>958

1,828

R9H

5,210

39,760

Nova Scotia.

New Brunswick Prince Edward I Hand, Cape-Breton.

Ncwfoundland.

Royal Military College

11,800

1,2-00 OOO

196,949

139,138

o

o

o

o

o

o

b

0

o

17

13

*4

5

4

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

6

6

4

5 o o

o

o

£ s 4,400 0	d 0	Bahama Islands.	

1,030 0	0	Bermuda’s 111	ands.

600 0	0	Dominica.	

0 0 1^.	0	New South 11	rales.

18,000 0	0	Forts in Africa.	

14,000 0	0	Siena-Ieone.	

fca	"		U

.	-	|	r '

-	-		1

-	-		1

rhree Secretaries of State			

rvice Money		-	

-		0 ^s. 1 1	

Poin	-	-	

t From Jan. 1 to Dec-$ 1 1807,

For the Year ^807.

TO

8

Superintendance of Aliens Public Office Bow Street Convicts at PXome Extra Contingencies of the Extra Messengers to Ditto Foreign and other Secret Sc Law Charges

Prosecutions relating to the

Conviction of Felons -	-	-

Fremh Clergy,Toulouse, Dutch, and Corjican Emigrants, and American Loyaiifts	-	-

Ditto	Deficiency	of	Grant

Protestant Dissenting Ministers in England and Ireland, and French Refugees The Ministers of the Vandals Churches, Sec.

Stationary to the Court and Offices of Exchequer Salaries, See. to Officers of both Houses of Parliament Work done at the Two Houses of Parliament, and at the Speaker’s House iince the 5th April 1806, &c.

Ditto	for	Deficiency	in 1806/

Interest on Exchequer Bills paid off in 1807.

Discharging 5per Cent. Annuities \	37	3-	c-	On 5th April 1807. -

Ditto ^	j	dr	ACV\\ On 10th 1807,

L [See 45 G.3. c. 73.) J	'

.^For the Year 1807.

For the Year 1806.

For the Year 1807. For Session 1806, 7.

4-

o.

vo

A.D.1807.	470 GEO. III. Seff. 2. C.	7

Hosted by

' §'XX. continued

O

o

n

£	s.	d.

1J 3 7 5*0	44	6

29,^00	•o	0

20,000	0	-0

10,000	.0	0

4,000	0	0

93-89	11	81

14,88	16	0,

4C9	2	4

7°>977	17	0

2,046	6	0

10,250	*4	0

51,250		0

5,000	0	0

25,000	0	0

SI>538 H		6

5^397	2	0

5,000	0	0

4,252	1	1

73 1	11	11

I,2l6	17	10

7 3549	0	2

	10	0

762	10	0

649-	12	0

224	12	0

974	3	6

272	5	4

33172	18	0

535	9	0

1^622	l9	6

	4	0

a 14	11	0

Purchase of Premises in 1807, in and near Palace Yard (See 46 G. 3. c. 89.) Printing and Stationary for both Houses oi Parliament, in the Year 1807*

I t inting Votes, Bills, Reports &c. during the Two Scffions 1807* Reprinting Journals of the Houle of Commons in 807.

Printing the c 9th Volume of the Journals o' the Commons in 1807. Deficiency of Grant for Printing., He, for both Houses Ditto for Printing Votes, Bills,- He. House of commons Ditto for Printing Journals

^In 1806..

Building a New Mint on Tower Hill for the Year 1807.

Printing Articles of Impeachment, Evidence, Trial, &c. of Lord Viscount Melville, Roads and Bridges in Scotland	-	"	h

Inland Navigation from the Eastern to the We Hern Sea Fees puffing I uhlick Accounts Difcharginp* Bills drawn from Ncw South Wales

>For the Year 1807.

For the Loss oi the Dunkirk on theCoalf of Denmark.

^ p Salaries to additional Commissioners,&c..-for Auditing"^ For Half a Year to

Publick Accounts	-	/	10th	Oftober	1806.

I To James Jchnfon Architect of New Mint.

Additional Allowances to Clerks in Auditors Office to 10th September 1806.

; To Dr. Clarke for his Trouble relating to an AT for the Relidence of-the Clergy.

! To Deputy Great Chamberlain for Expencesof Trial of Ld. Mehtlle.

To Solicitors for carrying on the Impeachment againll Lord Melville.

Attendance on Committees House of Commons for the Year i8c6.

Counsel to the Chairman of the House of Lords for the Session 1806.

To Thames Police Office for Plan for Security of Shipping.

Clerk Affiiiant to House of Lords for additional Trouble during the Trial of Lord Melville*

To various Ferfons attending the Trial of Lord Melville-

House in Downing Street {or an Office of the India Board of Controul.

<| Horse Patrole round the Metropolis.

| Bounties on Fish

1 Expences of the Office of Military Expenditure in the West Indies under 41 Gt^.c. 22,

! Sir Isaac Heard for extra Expences at the Funeral of Lord Nelson.

| Books of Science, He. for New South Wales.

4	C.76.	47®	GEO.	III.	Scff.t.	A.D.	1807

'Hosted by

£

d.

o

o

0§

ft

t3-

XXL

■2,637	13 6

219	14 0

271	12 6

434	17 0

1,060	19 0

1,623	0 0

2,698	13 0

^556	9 I'S

377	8 6

5,210	0 0

10,306	is 5

4,925	0 0

2,000	0 0

20,000	0 0

5,556	5 0

3,000	0 0

1,200	0 0

J9T331	18 5J

29,000	0 0

30,000	0 0

4)993	5 0

£	s. cl.

340	0 0

2ij-0	0 0

200	0 0

250	0 0

200	0 0

2 00	0 0

*5°	0 0

'o Expences of Office of Comiffioners of Military Inquiry under 4^ G. 3. r. 47.

o —	~	*

.46.)

Deputy Serjeant at Arms to House of Commons for House to Midsummer 1806.

Bounties on Fish imported into Dominica.

Publiffiing Average Price of Brown Sugar.

Expences of Commissioners of Inquiry into NavalAbufes (See 43 G« 3 c. 16$ 45 G. 3. Serjeant at Arms to the House of Lords for Service during 1806.

Chairman of the Committees of House of Lords for Session 1806.

Expences of the Lord Chamberlain on the Trial of Lord Meiviile

For Deficiency of Grant in 1 806 for Protestant Difienting Ministers, &c.

Salaries, See. to Officers of both Houfesof Parliament for Session 1807.

Captors of the Second Swed'yh Convoy.

BritiJJj Ivlnjeum, to purchase the Lanfdown Manuscripts.

Repair of Jieury the Seventh’s Chapel.

To Doctor E. Jenner as a further Reward for discovering the Vaccine Inoculation,

1. ritijlo Mufaim for general Purpoies.

Board of Agriculture	- - - ) Forthe Year , 8o7.

Veterinary College	-	-	-	J	‘

To complete <^’3,500,000 out of Surplus of Consolidated 4	x8c<5

Fund, [ 'ee 46 G. 3. c. 149. § 1.]	-	-	j	°

Purchase of Buildings in Palace Tard [6V? 46 G. 3. c. 89.] For the Year 1807.

Naval Asylum.

The Military Roads in North Britain	-	**	For	the	Year	1807.

Ir'/fh Currency

Accountant General for preparing Public Accounts for Sessions 1806 and 1807.

His Deputy	-	-	-"j

Examinator of C orn Bounties -	-	|

Infpecxor General cf Imports and Exports, I	v ,

pepriojr Accounts ;	-	-	>In Ireland. I For„0ne 1 ear endlnS S* January

H13 Firlc Clerk so* extra Trouble Examinator of Excise, preparing Accounts His A Hi ft a nt	-

l 1807.

A.D.1807.	47®GEO. III. Sefll2.	C.7	47*

§ XXT.

sentinuecl.

XXII.

O

o

c§

?r

XXIII.

£	s.	d

200	0	0

25,000	0	0

1,200	0	0

I0,500	0	0

2 1,208	■ 0	0

25,000	0	0

2,500	0	0

9429	t8	0

1,047	10	2

600	0	0

6,OC O	0	0

1,086	0	0

74O	0	0

22,500	0	0

.3,4°3	0	0

<5.330	0	0

6,3,30	0	0

7.771	16	0

21,600	0	0

5,000	0	0

12,000	0	0

5,000	0	0

20,000	0	0

. In Ireland from 5th January i3o7 / to, 5th January 1808.

Clerk in Auditors of Exchequer Office, 1 Xn Ireland i For One Year ending preparing Accounts	-	-)	L 5^ January Is) 7.

^ ....	. T J .	r From ^th January ' 807 to

Civil Buildings m Ireland	-	-	"	( 5th January 1808.

Printing, &c 250 Copies of Acts 47 Proclamations and Advertifemtmts in the D blin Gazette'!

Printing and Difburlements for Secretaries Office, and other Public Offices in Dub hi Cajlle Criminal Profeculions ,

Apprehending Publick Offenders Non conforming Minillcrs Expence of Pratique in Dublin Port The Gold Mine of IVicklozu Incidents of the Treasury Cloathing the Heralds, &c. For Three Years Cloathing Battle Axe Guards. For ;8 Months Commissioners to enquire ip, to Fees, &c. in Public Offices in Ireland (fee ^5 G. 3. c 65.)

Ir'ifh Commissioners for taking Evidence on Petitions

against Returns to Parliament -	-	For the Year 1807.

Commissioners, Sec. for granting Lottery Licences - For 2Years to i^June^c*]. Commissioners for certifying outflanding Prizes - To 25 June 1807.

Erecting a Buoy at Dimdrum Bay in the County of Down.

Trustees of the Linen Manufactures for One Year - ending 5Jan* 1807.

Board of First Fruits for building and rebuilding Churches, 6zc.

Dublin Society for promoting Husbandry, &c. (2000/.

in Aid of the Inftitlition at Cork)

Farming Society of Irel nd Paving, 5cc. the Streets of Dublin

from 17 March 1807. from 1 June 1807.

From 5th Jan. 1807 to 3th Jan. 1808.

O

C3>

a

t=i

O

co

o

B

>

b

CO

o

o

o

eg

ft

XXIII.

continued.

XXIV.

£

4>5°°

A

o

7r(/J.

XXV—

XXVI—

XXVII—

Commissioners for making; wide and convenient Streets in Dublin	-	-	-	-

23,270 o o Incorporated Society for promoting English FroteRant Schools

22,500 o o Foundling Hospital in Dublin 1,609	0	0	Hibernian Marine Society

11,626 o o Hibernian School for Soldiers Children 1,306 o o Female Orphan House, near Dublin 1,262 o o Association for discountenancing Vice, See.

7,957	0	0	IVeJimoreland Lock Hofpital	-	-

25,997 o o House of Indu dry and Penitentiary 3,0 ,2 o o 80 Patients in Fever Hospital in Cork-Jlreet 2,533	0	0	Lying-in Hofpital	-	-

400 o o Cominiflioners for Charitable Donations [13,000 o o query Britijh] Roman Catholic Seminary 503 o o Stevens’s Hospital 9,517 o o Surgeon’s Hall	-	-

6,204 o o Sir Patrick Duris Hospital -	-

Supplies shall be applied only to the Purposes authorized, Sec.

Rules for receiving Half Pay	-

•Application of Overplus of Sum (under 46 Gh 3. £.149.) to Reduced Officers.

From 5 Jan. 1807 (to 5 Jaru 1808.

J

J

[ As in former A 8s. ]

>

b

CO

o

''vl

o

o

w

o

CO

o

B

O

p\

4^

•<1

474

C.773?8-

47° GEO. in. Seff. 2.

A.D.1807.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement for an Exchange of Lands between His Majesty and David Jebb Esquire, in the Parish of Eghamy in the County of Surrey.

[14th Augujl 1807.]

CAP. L XXVIII.

An Act for veiling the Capital Meflujge, with the Appurtenances, fit pate in William Street, in the City of Dublin, now or lately inhabited by ths Right Honourable Lord Power/* court, in His Majesty, His Heirs and SuccefTors, and for applying the Purchase Money in Manner therein mentioned.

[14th Augujl 3807.]

*c Premises belonging to Lord Power/court veiled (on Payment of ii dS 15,000 by the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties in Ireland) cc in His Majesty.

3L0CAL

Hosted by Gc ^le

A.D, 1807.	470 GEO. III. Seff.2.	C.	i,	U.	47S

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED,

OR PRINTED COPIES WHEREOF ARE DECLARED TO BE EVIDENCE.

H. B.—The Continuance of such of the enpuing ABs as arc temporary will be known (where it is not expressly fated) by referring to the following Lift, according to the cor ref ponding Letter in the Title

(o,) For'll 2 ear's, <5c. [i. e. to the end of the then next Seffton\ from a Day named in the AB.

(b) For 21 Tears, c. from the pajfing of the Act.

(o ) For 21 Tears, -Sc. after the Knd of the Term under former ABs.

All Ads in' this Lift, not djftinguftj d by the Letters (q P.) are Public A CTs ; to each vf which is annexed a Llauje in the Form following.

u And be it further enaTech That this AT shall be deemed a and taken to be a Publick AT, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such oy all Judges, Jultices, and others, without “ being specially pleaded.”

(q. P.) Quafi-Publick ATs, i. e. Ads to each of which is annexed a Clclufe in the Form following.

And be it further enaTed, That this AT Uiall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a , iC Copy thereof so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof 5< by all Judges, Justices, and others.”

----

Cap. i.

AN AT for the more speedy and easy Recovery of Small Debts in the Borough and Panfh of Bofton3 and the Hundreds of Shirk-beck and Kirlon (except the Parishes of Gcfkertcn and Sufteet) in the County of Lincoln.	[25th	July	1S07.J

u Former AT 25 G. 2. c. J. repealed, and also so much of former “ AT 19 G. 3. c 43. as relates to the Parishes of Wrangle, Leake, ic L evert on > Bennington, B utter wick, and Fi eft on.

Cap. ii.

An AT for conflruTing a Pier and Harbour at or near the Town of Folkestone, in the County of Kent.	[25th July 1807.]

<c The Folkeftone Harbour Company incorporated, § 1, &c.—Duties “ on Coals under 6 G. 3. c. 6;. applied to the Purposes or tins AT,

<£ § 3 5 •; and new Duties impoied, §36.— tonnage and Harbour “ Duties allowed to beimpofed. § 37, 38.—Duties on Herrings and 4C Mackarel, § 39.—Duties on Exports and Imports, § 40, 41. and 4£ Schedule.—Wharfage Duties, §43.—

LVIL And be it further enaTed, That all and every Person and Pcrif°ns Persons'whomsoever, who fnall at any Time or Times hereafter, wih	thc

fully or designedly demolish, breakdown, damage, or fet on Fire the dcmcct ouilrv

said of Felony,

bob

C. iii—v#	47*	GiiiO.	III.	Sefi. 2.	A«0.13 cj *

said Pit;r. Quays, Wharfs, or any of the Works which shall be conifer u died in or which shall belong to the said Harbour, or who shall willu)iy do any Damage to any of the Shipping or Goods within the same, or who (hail wilfully or designedly ext’ingu.ifti or put out any of the Lights uied in or belonging to the said Harbour, for the Safety and Protection of the Ships or other Veffiels resorting to the same, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and the Court, by and before whom such Perion or Perions shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to caule such Person or Persons to be transported for the Term of Seven Years, or in Mitigation of such Punifiiment may award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases oF Petit Larceny.

Cap. iii.

An A cl for enlarging the Powers of an Adi, of the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, for amending Two Adis, of the Twenty-eighth and Thirty-eighth Years of His present Majesty, for enlarging'and improving the Harbour of Leith, for making certain new Streets and Roads, and widening others adjacent to and connected with the said Harbour.	[25th J'ub ^07.]

Cc Tonnage Duties allowed to be imposed, § 25.—Dock Duties, § 29. “ and Schedule.

Cap. iv.

An A ct for ercdling a County Hall, and. other Offices, for the County of Perth.	-	[25th July 1807-J

Cap. v.

An Adi to enable the London Dock Company to purchase certain Water Works in the Parishes of Stratford, IVe/lham, Bow, Bromleyy Hile End, and Stepney, and other Purifies adjacent ; and to amend the several Adis for making Wet Docks and other Works for the Accommodation of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Fort of London.	[25th July 1807.]

44 Recital of 3 & 4 W. & M. c. 37. and 2r G. 2. c. 8. as to Shad-44 well and Stratford Water Works ; and also of 40 G. 3. c. xlvii. 44 44 G. 3. c. ii. 43 G. 3. c. lviii. and 46 G. 3 c. lxix. for eilablilhing 44 the London Dock Company; and also of the Warehoufmg Adi, ie 44 G. 3. c. 100. London Dock Company empowered to contract 44 for the Purchase of the Wcjlham, Ac. Water Works, § 1, 2.— 44 1 he said Company empowered to have and use a Common Seal, 44 § 3, 4.—Diredlors and Managers of the said Dock Company shall 44 be the Governors and Managers of the said Water Works, without 44 being elected in the Manner prescribed by said Adis of 3 & 4 IV. 44 8z M. and 21 G. 2 — § 5, 6.— So much of former Adi as required 44 the Company to put up a Foot Bridge'at the inner Fart of the E11-44 trance Lock repealed, §7.—The Company retrained from reclaim-44 ing a certain Portion of Ground given- up by them in Wapping 44 Street, Sc. and compelled to keep in Repair the Bridges, &c. over 44 the Entrance Lock, § 8.—All Actions may be prosecuted and 44 defended in the Name of the Treasurer to the London Dock Com-44 pany, § 9 —Saving for Rights of the Trustees of the River Lea, 44 § ig.—Saving for the Rights of the Lords of the Manor of Wcjl-44 ham, § 11.—Expenees of this Act, § 12.—Public Act, § 13.

3

476

•	3- c. 5S.

•	3- c. «3-c. 44.

A.D.1807.

47° GEO. III. SeflT.a.

C vi—’viii.

477

Cap, vi.

An AH for amending and enlarging the Powers of an AH, passed in 28 G. 3. c..8a* the 1 wenty-eighth Year of His present Majetiy, for taking down and rebuilding the Gaol of the Castle of Chcjlcr, the Prothono-tary’s Office, the Exchequer Record Rooms, and other Offices and Buildings adjoining or near to the said Gaol. [25th July 1897.]

Cap. vii.

An AH for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Saint John the Baptist, Sc hit Peter the Apojlle and Birchington, and the Fill of Wood, in the Isle of Thanet, and County of Kent.	[25th	July	1S07.J

f( Junfdiction of the CommiiTioners extended to

XXVI. And as it may happen that Persons served with Process Record of issuing out of the said Court of Requests may, in order to avoid Exc- Judgemcnr may cution, remove their Persons and EffeHs beyond the Limits of the (^Vsupe V>r ” JurifdiHion of the said Court ; be it therefore enaHed, That in all C ;urr and Cases where a final Decree or Judgment for any Sum or Sums ex- Wots of ceeding-Ten Shillings, shall have been obtained in the said Court, it Execution yffued (had and may be lawful to and for any of His Majesty’s Courts of u\ rE; Serin oi Record at IVefminfer, upon Affidavit made and filed of such De- °Ullty* cree or Judgment being obtained, and of diligent Search and Enquiry having been made after the Person or Persons of the Defendant or Defendants, or his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, and of the Precept of Execution having ifined against the Person or Persons or EffeHs, as the Case may be, of the Defendant or Defendants, and that the Person or Persons, Goods and Chattels of such Defendant or Defendants, is or are not to be found within the JurifdiHion of the said Court, which Affidavit may be made before a Judge or a Commissioner .authorized to take Affidavits, to canfe the Record of the said Decree or Judgment to be removed into such Superior Court, and to issue Writs of Execution thereupon, to the Sheriff of any County, City, Liberty, or Place, againit the Person or Persons, or Goods and Chattels of the Defendant or Defendants, in the same Manner as upon Judgment obtained in any of the said.Courts at Wejmmjler; and the Sheriff upon every such Execution ffiail and he is hereby authorized to detain the Defendant or Defendants until the Sum of Ten Shillings be paid to him, or to levy the same out of the Efsects, according to "the Nature of the Execution, for the extraordinary Costs of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in the said Court, fubfe-quent to the said Decree or Judgment, and of the Execution in the Superior Court, over and above the Money for which such Execution shall be issued.

Cap. viii.

An AH to amend and enlarge the Powers of an AH, passed in the 9 G. 3.	1*

Ninth Year of Plis present Majesty, for the better paving, cleanfmg, lighting, and watching the Streets and Lanes in the Farifh and .

Borough of Hew Windsor, in the County of Berks, and for preventing Nuisances therein.	,	[25th	July 1807.]

Cap.

4?S

C !x—xvi.

47° GEO. III. SefT. 2.

9 .. 15 G. 26 G. 34 G. 103.;

31 G.

9 G.

x3 G.

4 G. 25 G.

26 G. 3

A.D. 1807V

Cap.'m.

c. 72. An Act for amending several Adis, for making and maintaining a 3* c 9*' Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation, to the city of Oxford.	[25th	«A/y	1807.]

36 G. 3 c. 95.; 3 -) G. 3. c. 5.

, Cap x.

An Act or making and maintaining a Road from Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to join the Lichfield Turnpike Road, in the Purdh of Shcnjtorte, in the County of Stafford, and for making a Brunch of Road to communicate therewith. (&) [25th July *807,]

Cap. xi.

An Adi for repairing and maintaining certain Roadis in the County of Dumbarton, and building Bridges thereon. (b)

[25th July 1807.]

Cep. xii.

2.	c. 67. An Adi for the more effectually repairing certain Roads in the Coun-

3 c* 5^ ties of Salop, Denbigh, and Merioneth. (#)	[25 th	1807.]

Cap. xiii.

An Adi for making and maintaining Roads from Percy's Crops to Mil-field Burn, and from IVoo 'ier to Bowfdon Burn, in the County of Nor thumb er land, (b)	[25 th July 1807.]

Cap. xiv.

3. c. -6.	An Adi for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the

5. c. 110.	Powers of Two Adds, passed in the Fourth and Twenty-fifth

Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley to Kexby Bridge, in the County of York, (c )

[25th July 1807.]

Cap. xv.

An AOi for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from Brampton to Longto<wn, in the County of Cumberland, and for eredling a Bridge over the River Line upon the said Road. (a)

[25th July 1807.]

Cap. xvi.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Adi, passed in the Twenty-fixth Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Fl&oherfhrooh Bridge to the South End of Wilderfpool Causeway, and from the Town of Frod-fleam to AJhton Lane End, in the County of Chester, so far as respects the Chefer District of the said Roads, and for extending the same from the present Termination thereof at Flooherfbrook Bridge aforesaid* to the North End of Cow Lane Bridge, in the City of Chefer, and for making a new Road from such proposed Extension of the said Road to the North End of Queen Street, in the same City. (£)	[25th	Jtsly 1807.]

Cap.

A.D.1807.

Cixvii—xxiii.

479

470 GEO- III. Self. 2.

Cap. xvii.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the 26 G, 3. c. 139,, Powers of an Aft, palled in the Twenty-fixth Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Flookerjbrook Bridge, in the Township of Newton near Chester, to the South End of Wilder/-pool Causeway, and from Frodjham to AJhton Lane End, in the County of Chester, so far as relates to the Frodjham District: of the same Road, (c)	[25 th Jub *807.]

Cap. xviii.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the $0. 3.C.63. Powers of Two Acts, palled in the Fifth and Twenty-fixth Years zr° 3* c* x34* of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Kipping s Cross, in the Parish of Brenchley, in the County of Kent, to V/ilJley Greeny in the Parish of Cr; nbrooke, and from a Place near Gou ihurjl Gore to Stilehridge, and from Under den Green to WanJbutCs Green, m the County of Ah/z/. (c)	[25 th	Jub 1807.]

Cap. xix-

An Act for reviving; continuing, and enlarging the Powers of an Aft, x? G* 3* c* I0^ of the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the South-eaft End of Loughborough, in the County of Leicejlery to Derby Bridge, near the Rushes, and from thence to the South End of Cavendjlo Bridge, in the same County. (£)

[25th July 1807.]

Cap. xx.

An Act for repairing, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in the County of Perth. (b)	'	[25th	July	1807.J

Cap. xxi.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and Enlarging the 5 G. 3. c. 71, Powers of several Acts, patted in the Fifth, Sixth, and Twenty- \	3*	C»9J'

sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the 2,>	^	c- x54’

Road from Tonbrirge to Maidjione, and from Watt's Cross to Cow deny in the County of Kenty so far as they relate to the Road from Tonbridge to Maidjione. (e)	’[25th	July 1807.]

Cap. xxii.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the ^ G ? c ^

Powers, of Two Acts, of the Fifth and Twenty-fixth Years of zb <j\ 3. c. 157.

His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading- from Wad-

hurjly in the Coi.nty of Su/sex, to the Turnpike Road at I.amber-

hurjl Pound and Pullen s Hill, in the County of Kent, and from

thence to ll ejl Far.ey Street, in the County of Kent. (V

...	L2-th	J,/ri8o7.]

Cep. XX111.

An Act for incloftng Lands in the Parish of Stibbkgfon-cam-irandes-ford, otherwise Wands ford, and the Hamlet of S ‘ ’/n, wit 11 m the,

Lid Parish, in the Counties ot Huntingdon and Northampton, fq. p.)

[2 5 th J uly 1S07.J

[Andfor making Compenfaiionfor Tylhef.]

5	Cap.

A.D. 1807.

480	C.xxiv—xxxl.	47* GEO. III. Seff.2.

Cap. xxiv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Longh ought on, in the 'County of Northumberland. (q.P.)	[25th	July	1807.]

Cap. xxv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors and Township of Hunton, in the North Riding of the County of York. (q.P.)

[25th July 1807.]

Cap. xxvi.

An Act for inclosing Chew Moor, in the Township of Lojlock, in the Parish of Bolton in the Moors> in the County palatine of J an-cajlcr.(q. P.) [25th July 1807.]

Cap. xxvii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Wark worth and Lefotry, in the County of Northumberland. \(\. P.)	[23 til July l’tcy.]

Cap. xxviii.

An A 61 for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Great Stavghton and Gtafsham, in the County of Huntingdon, (q P.)	[25th	'July	1807.]

[Hud for making Compenj'ation for Tythes.’]

<e An Allotment made to His Majesty ; and so much of the Award “ of the Commissioners as relates thereto shall be transmitted to the Office of Land Revenue, § 36.	v

Cap. xxix.

An Act for amending, rendering more effectual, and continuing Parts of nn Act, of the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for extending the Royalty of the City of Glasgow over certain adjacent Lands, for paving, lighting, and cleansing the Streets, and other Purposes in the said A6f mentioned.

[ 1 fb Aiiguft 1807.]

c< The Rates to continue for 14 Years, &c. after palling the Act.

Cap. xxx.

Sec former Aft,	for tpe !-,ettcr RelJef Gf the Poor of the Parish of Chrifl-

37	•	3-	c’	79-	church, in the County of . Middlesex.	[ 1 ft Avgifl 1807.]

Cap. xxxi.

An Act to authorize the Advancement of further Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund to be applied in completing the Canal across the Jfle of Dogs, and ere Ring other Works there, and for effecting other Improvements of the Port of London, in Execution of certain A6ts already pasted for those Purposes.

£ 1 ft Avgujl 1807.]

“ Recital of former A6ls, 39 G. 3. c. Ixix. ; 42 G. 3. c.xlix. ; 43 G. 3* “ c. exxiv. ; 47 G. 3. r.lxiii ; 4^,000 1. more may be advanced out of €t die Consolidated Fund for the Purposes of the said A6ts, § 1-3. “ —Former Acts 39 G 3. c. Ixix. ; 42 G. 3. c. cxiii. ; and 44 G 3. 9 c. vii. rented.—For the Purpose of building a Wail on the South u Side, and at each End of the Wed India Export Dock, and also

J	“	Office*

A.D. 1807.	470	GEO. III. Self. 2. C. xxxi—xxxiv.	481

u Offices for the Revenue, and Barracks,for Soldiery on Duty at “ the Docks, 3 >,ocol. more may be advanced out of the Consolidated u Fund, §4.—All the said Sums shall be paid out of the Rates and “ Duties payable underTormer Adis, §3, 6, See.

Cap, xxxii.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant the Citadel and Walls of the City of Carltjle, and certain Grounds adjoining thereto, to the Justices of the Peace for the County of Cumberland, for building Courts of Justice for the said County, and for other Purpoles relating thereto.	[1	If	Augujl	18	J7.-J

Cap. xxxiii.

An Act for ascertaining and eft abli thing the Rates of Wharsage, Can* nage,Plankage, Anchorage, and Moorage, to be received at the lawful Quays in the Port of Brijlol; for the Regulation of the Cranekeepers in the said Port ; and for the better Regula' ion of Pilots and Pilotage of Veftels navigating the Bnjlol Channel.

[lit Augujl iSo/-]

“ Former Acts ti & 12 W. 3. c. 23. ; 43 G. 3 c. cxl. recited.—-u Tonnage-Rates, and Rates for Anchorage, Wharsage, Cranage,

“ dec. granted, § 1. and Schedules.—Veftels navigating the Bnjlol <( Channel ftiall be piloted by Persons licensed by the Corporation,

'c § 9. &c.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person against: pe,fons efcapjng whom a Warrant shall be issued by any Justice or Justices before or into other after any Conviction for any Offence against this Aft shall into a Residence, or be in any County, Riding, Division, Cit Town, or Place out of the Jurisdiction of such Justice or Justices granting such Warrant or Warrants, or if the Goods and Chattels of any Offender convicted of any Offence in pursuance of this Aft shall be in a different County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, than where the said Party was convisted, or Warrant of Distress granted, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town, or Place, into which the ! 'arty ftiall escape either before or after Conviction, and they and every of them are hereby required, upon Proof made upon Oath of the Hand Writing of any Justice or Justices granting such Warrant or Warrants, to indorse his or their Name or Names on such Warrant, and the same, when so indorsed, ftiall be a sufficient Authority to all Peace Officers to execute such Warrant in such County, Riding, Division,

City, Town, or Place out of the Jurisdiction of the Justice or Justices respectively, on the Offender or Offenders being apprehended and brought before him or them within their respective Jurisdictions, may proceed to hear and determine the Complaint, and may direct the Offender or Offenders to be carried to the Justices or Justice who granted the original Warrant, to be dealt with according to Law.

Cap. xxxiv.

An Act for empowering the Justices of the Peace for the County of Kent, to make a fair and equal County Rate for the said Co untv, and provide convenient Court Houses for holding the Affixes 47 Geo. III.	I	i	and

escape, go c -unties may be Liberty, fol,owcd*

C.xxxiv.

483

43 G. 3, c. lviii.

Justices of Peace, in Sc (lions may allefs thcCounty,

Rental of the Coniuy shall be (delivered to next uatter Sessions.

47° GEO. III. Seff. 2.	A.D.	1807.

and General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and other Publick

Meetings, within the said County.	[ill	Augufl	1807.]

6 YMan was mac^e Forty-third Year of the ‘ V y Reign of His preient M; >jelly, intituled. An Act for repeal-1 inS f° ™uch of an A8^ made in the Ninth Tear of,the Reign of King 1 George the Second, intituled, 44 An Act to enable the Justices of the <l Peace, a thug for the Wejlern Dhoifion of the County of Kent topurchafe <c a convenient Piece of Ground for building a Gaol for the said County, ii and for empowering the said Justices to apply Part of the County htock ii of the said Divijion towards the famed9 as requires that the said Gaol ic should be repaired excluftvely at the Expence of the said Wejlern Divi-<c fion, and for the better Regulation and Payment of the pub dick Expences “ of the said County And Whereas it is expedient that Power and 4 Authority should be given to the Justices of the Peace for the said c County of Kent in their General or Quarter Sessions afiembled, to 4 make a fair and equal County Rate, and for that Purpose to assess 4 and tax rateably and in due Proportions all and every the Parishes, 4 Towns,-Liberties, Precm&s, Villages, Hamlets, and Places within 4 the said County, according to the annual Rent or Value of Estates 4 therein, for and towards the same : And Whereas the General 4 Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County of Kent are holden 4 at Maidflone in the Western Division of the said County, and at 4 the Old Castle of Canterbury, near the City of Canterbury in the 4 Eastern Division of the said County: And Whereas the Court 4 Houses or Buildings in which the Assizes and the said General 4 Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County have been so holden 4 as aforesaid, are too small and otherwise inconvenient and incom-4 modious ; and it is become expedient and necefiary for the Admi-4, niftration of Justice, that the Justices of the Peace for the said County 4 should be empowered to erect, build, or otherwise provide, as when 4 and where occaiion may require, proper Court-Houfes with other 4 Accommodations to aniwer the public Purposes of the said County, 4 and to purchase such Lands, Buildings, Hereditaments, and Pre-4 mises as may be necefiary for such Purposes, and to defray the E:> 4 pences thereof by and out of the public Stock and County Rates 4 of the said County ; but such Purposes cannot be effected without 4 the Aid and Authority of ParliamentMay it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King’s iLoll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the pafling of this Adi the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Kent in their General or Quarter Sessions afiembled, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, shall have full Power and Authority, and they are hereby required from Time to Time to assess and tax to the County Rates all and every Parish, Town, Liberty, Precindl, Village, Hamlet, and Place within the said County', rateably and in equal Proportions, according to the annual Pent or Value of Estates within fuch'Parish, Town, Liberty, Precindl, Village, Hamlet, and Place respectively.

II. And in order the better to enable the said Justices of the Peace for the said County of Kent, to assess and tax rateably and in equal Proportions, all and every such Parishes, Towns, Liberties, Precindls, Villages, Hamlets, and Places y be it further enacted, That at the next

General

Hosted by

C. xx xlv.

483

A.D.1807.	470	GEO.	III.	Seff.2.

General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the said County of Kent after the passing of this ACl, the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said several Parishes, Towns, Liberties,

PrecinTs, Villages, Hamlets, and Places, shall and they are hereby required to make a Return in Writing to the said Juilices in SelTions ahem bled, which Return shall be verified upon Oath in open Court at the Time of delivering in the same, by the Person or Persons so delivering in the same, of the total Amount of the Rental or Value of the several Estates, and rateable Property within the Parish,

Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet, or Place to which they shall respectively belong, charged or assessed to the Poors Rate of and in such Parish, Town, Liberty, PrecinCl, Village, Hamlet, or Place at the Time of making such Return, or liable so to be, and the Mode adopted of making such Rate shall be stated and pointed out in Writing upon such ' eturn, and verified as aforesaid by such Churchwardens and Overieers, in order that the said Juilices may be enabled to discover the real Amount of the Rental or Value of the Estates within such several Parishes, Towns, Liberties, Precin&s, Villages, Hamlets, or Places.	**

III.	And be it further enacted, That the Churchwardens and RentalofPanfhes Overseers of the Poor of all and every Parish, Town, Liberty, Pre-	he^

cindl, Village, Hamlet, or Place within the said County, or some or QuarCer Sefftons. one of them shall in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and in the Seventh, and every succeeding Seventh Year, from and after the said Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, at the Michaelmas Quarter Sessions to beholden in and for the said County, or at some Adjournment thereof, and oftener if the Juilices in Sessions shall require, make a Return to the Justices of the Peace then and there assembled, of the total Amount of the, Rental or Value of Estates within such respective Parishes, Towns, Liberties, Preempts, Villages,

Hamlets, or Places at the Time of making the lad preceding Rate for the Relief of the Poor, together with the Names of the several Persons and Parties charged with such Rate, and the Sum and Sums of Money-rated or charged on such several Persons and Parties respectively; and shall allocate and point out in Writing the Mode adopted in making such Rate upon such Return, and shall verify every such Return upon Oath in Manner aforesaid, and every such Return shall be signed with the Name or Names of the Churchwarden or Churchwardens,

Overseer or Overseers so making such Rate.

IV,	And be it further enabled, That in case any Churchwarden or Penalty on Overseer of the Poor of any of the several Parishes, Towns, Liberties, Churchwardens Precindls, Villages, Hamlets, or Places within the said County, shall and negleCl or make Default in making any such Returns in Manner afore-said, then and in every such Case each and every such Churchwarden and Overseer of the Poor so neglecting or making Default (without fuffi-cient Excuse to be allowed by the said Justices in their said General or Quarter Sessions) shall forfeit and pay such Sum and Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty Pounds as shall or may be ordered or adjudged by the said Justices in their General or Quarter Sessions assembled, by way of Penalty for such Neglect or Default, and in case any such Penalty shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices in such Sessions assembled, and they are hereby directed to issue their Warrant to the High Conftableof the Division where such Parish, Town,, Liberty, PrecinCl, Village, Hamlet, or

I i 2	Place

484

C. xxx iv.

A,D. 1807.

470 GEO. III.

Se.fiVi.

Iz G. 2. c. 29.

Parishes rru-y be affllfeH al rnough no Return made.

Parishes may be

alTeded whtre no Poors’ Rate is collected.

Place fha.ll be htuated, directing him to levy such Penalty upon the respective Goods and Chattels of each and every Churchwarden and Overseer of the Poor of the Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet, ’or Place so neglecting or making Default, in like Manner and with such Powers and Authorities as the said High Constable is by a Statute made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, K11 A El for the more eajy ajfffingy colleding, and levying Comity Rates, veiled with for levying on the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, the Sum assessed for the County Rates.

V. And be it further enabled, That if any Churchwarden or Churchwardens or Overseer or Overseers of the Poor shall neglect or make Default in making such Return or Returns as aforesaid, or if it shall happen that, notwithstanding the incurring of any such Penalty or Penalties as aforesaid, for or on account of such Neglect or Default or Return for any Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct,^Village, Hamlet, or Place, shall not be made within the Time before limited for the making thereof, then and in every such Case it shall and ijfty be lawful to and for the said lattices, and they are hereby required, either at the said Quarter Seifions, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, or at some lubfequent General or Quarter Seilions to be held- for the said County, or at some Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, to rate and assess each and every the Pari Hi, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Hamlet, or Place, of which the Churchwarden or Churchwardens, or Overseer or Overseers of the Poor, shall have so neglected or made Default in making such Return as aforesaid, for and towards the said County Rate, according to such Ellimate, of the just and fair annual Rent or Value of the Eltates within such Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet, or Place, or Parifnes. Townships, Liberties, Precinets, Villages, Hamlets, or Places respectively, as the said Jullices shall be able to procure by any other Means than the Returns which are by this Act required to be made as aforesaid, and to order such Allowance and Compen-fation to be made to the Conltables and other Persons within the several Diitricts and Divisions in the said County for their Expences and Trouble in procuring, collecting, and levying the same, as to the said Jullices shall appear reasonable and proper, and all such Allowances, Compensations, and other Expences as shall be there', y incurred, shall be by the Juitices of the Peace for the said County of Kent in their General or Quarter Seilions, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof assembled, charged upon the.Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Hamlet, or Place,.of which the Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers of the Poor shall have so neglected or made Default as aforesaid in Addition to the Proportion of the said County Rate to be paid by such Parish, Town, Liberty, Precinct, Village, Hamlet, or Place, and such Allowances, Compensations, and Expences, shall and may be raised, levied, and collected by such and the like Ways and Means as the said County Rate can or may be raised, levied, and collected, and shall be paid therewith

VI And be it further enacted, That in any Parish, Township, Liberty, Pre inct, Hamlet, extra-parochial Place or other Place in the said County of Kent, where no Rate is or (ha1! be made and collected for the Relief of the Poor, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Juitices of the Peace for the said County, in their General Quarter

Seffion?

C xxxiv.

A.D.1807.	,	47°	GEO. ffl. Self 2.

Sessions assembled, or at any Adjournment thereof, to order and direct the Sum of Money which shall from Time to Time be affelfed as or for the County Rate upon such Parish, Town ship. Liberty, Precinct, Hamlet, extra-parochial Place or other Place, to be rated and levied on the Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers of Lands therein, by such One or more Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers in such and the same Manner as any Rate for the Relief of the Poor is by Law directed to be rated or levied, which Sum so rated and levied shall be paid by such One or more Inhabitant or Occupier, or Inhabitants or Occupiers, to the Chief Constable of the Hundred or Division wherein such Parish, Township, Liberty, Precinct, Hamlet, extra parochial Place or other Place doth lie, within .the Space of Twenty-one Days after Demand thereof made in Writing, to be given to such One or more Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers, or left at his, her, or their Dwelling House or Houses, by the said Chief Constable of such Hundred or Division, which Demand the said Chief Constable is hereby required to make at such Times as the said Justices of the Peace shall by their Order in Sessions direct ; and in case such One or more inhabitant or Occupier, or Inhabitants or Occupiers, shall neglect or refuse to pay the Sum or Sums so affelfed, as and for a County Rate, after Demand made a,s aforesaid, such Chief Constable ftiall, and is hereby empowered to levy the lame by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such One or m >re. Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers so refilling or neglecting to pay the lame as aforesaid, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Kent, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducting the Money affelfed and the Charges of the Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof; and if such One or more Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers, shall pay such Sum before the same shall be so by him rated and levied as aforesaid, he, die, or they may afterwards rate and levy the same, or shall and maybe allowed and reimbursed the said Sum of Money, by a Rate made or to be made upon all and every the Inhabitant or Inhabitants, or Occupier or Occupiers of Lands within inch Parish, Township, Liberty, Pre-cindt. Hamlet, extra-parochial Place or other Piace, which any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County {ft ill order and direct, atad shall be subject and liable to the same Powers and Remedies for the Recovery thereof, by Distress and Sale, in Cases of Non-payment, as are herein-before given to the Chief Constable.

VII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of any Parish, Town, Liberty, Precindl, Village, Hamlet, or Place in the said County, shall at any Time or Times have reason to believe that such Parish,* Town, Liberty, Precindl, Village, Hamlet, or Place, is over rated by any Rate to be made in pursuance of this Act, then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and lor such Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overleer or Overseers of the Poor to appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the said County at their next General or General Quarter Sessions, or at any Ad \urnment thereof, again!! such Part of the Rate only as may affect the Parish, Town, Liberty, Precindl, Village, Hamlet, or Place in which such Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers shall serve such Offices refpedf-ively, and the said Justices are hereby empowered to hear and finally

I i 3	determine

Allowing an

A ope j I for

over-rating.

485

Appeal in other Caits.

Expences of Appeals to paid by Parithes appealing-.

Expences of the A<£t, as u 'd- r 43 G. 3. c. lvkh

Tuftires may cider Allowances to Conliables.

C-xxxiv.	470 GEO. III. SefT. 2.	A.D.18C7,

determine the same, and to give such Appellant or Appellants such Relief as to them the said Justices in their Discretion shall appear fair, just, and equitable : Provided nevertheless, that upon such Appeal no such Rate shall be quashed or destroyed in regard to any other Parifh- Town, Liberty, Precinst, Village, Hamlet, or Place, or PerforT or Persons affected thereby ; any Thing in this Aft, or any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary thereof, in anywise notwithstanding.

VIII,	Provided also, That if any other Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or theinfelves aggrieved by any Aft, Matter, or Thing done in pursuance or this Aft or the Powers hereby given* then and in every such Case, he, (he, or they shall and may appeal to the said Justices of the Peace of the said County, at their next General or General Quarter Sessions to be holden next after any such Cause of Appeal shall have arisen ; and the said Justices at such General or Quarter Sessions assembled, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, are hereby empowered to hear and finally determine the'same, and to give to all such Appellants such Relief as in their Discretion shall appear fair and just.

IX.	And be it further enacted, That in case of any Appeals, Actions, Suits, or Proceedings at Law, a* betwixt Parish and Parish, or betwixt any Person or Persons. and any Parish or Parishes, or any Person or Persons respecting any Thing done in pursuance of this Aft, or any other Aft or Acts relating to the County Rate, the Expences of all such Appeals, Actions, Suits, or Proceedings at Law, shall be borne and paid by such re* peftfve Parishes and Persons, or such of them, and in such Proportions as the said Justices upon any Appeal in their General or Quai ter Sessions shall award and order the same, or as such Courts wherein such Actions, Suits, or Proceedings shall be instituted, shall adjudge and order, and shall not be charged to or be paid out of the County Rate.

“ Powers of 12 G. 2. c. 29 ; 43 G. 3. c lviii.; 13 G. 2. c. 18.; as u far as relates to County Rates, e tended to this Aft, § ie.

XI.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expences of obtaining this Aft, and of carrying the several Powers and Purposes thereof into Execution, shall be borne and paid by the faia County, in such Proportions as the Charges, Burthens, and : xpences ariflng within the County, to which a County Rate is or may be applicable, are, by the said recited Aft made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His prefenf Majesty, directed to be paid; that is to say,) One-fourth Part thereof shall be borne and paid by the Eastern Diviflon of the said County, and the other Three-Fourth Parts thereof shall be borne and paid by the Western Diviflon of the said County.

XII.	And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Kent, in their General or <-’ uarter Seflions^aflembled', to order such Allowance and Compensation to be made to the Constables and other Persons within such Districts and Diviflons in the said County, where no Rate is of shall be made for the Relief of the Poor for their Expences and Trouble in colleftin p and leyying the said County Rate, within such Districts and Diviflons as to the said Justices' shall appear reasonable and proper, and to charge such Allowance and Compensation upon such Districts and Diviflons, in addition to their Proportion of the said

/	'	County

1

A.D. 1807.	470	GEO.	III.	Self.	2.	C.	xxxiv.	4S7

County Rate ; and all such Allowances, Compensations, and Expences, shall and may be railed, levied, and collected by such and the same Ways and Means as the said County Rate can and may be raised, levied, and collected, and shall be paid therewith.

€< Justices may order one or more Court Houses to be ercdfed • and “ purchase Land, Szc. for that Purpose, § ; 3. See.—and fell old Court “ Houses, § 22, 23.

XXIV.	And be it further enabled, That if any Person or Persons pL1rnr^ng

shall wilfully and maliciously break, pull down, or in any Manner s n

.	,	n	ri	r-i	5k tt r	t>	j-	r	damaging Court

damage or deltroy any or the said Court Houles or .buildings lo Houf?s,	*

to be repaired, maintained, supported, provided, erebfed, or pur- Single Felony* chafed as aforesaid, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, or any of the Appurtenances thereunto belonging, such Person or Persons being lawfully convibled thereof shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and the Court before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried, shall have full Power and Authority either to order such Person or Persons to be transported for the Term of Seven Years to such Place, and in such Manner, as other Felons are directed to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, or to suffer such Corporal Punifhmeut, or to be punished by Fine, Imprisonment, or otherwise as the Court before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried shall seem proper to order or inflibl ; and the Justices of the Peace for the said County in Quarter Sessions assembled, are hereby authorized from Time to Time to order such Offender or Offenders as aforesaid, to be profecated by Indictment or Indictments at the Assizes for the County of Kent, and to dirc-Ct the Expences of such Frofecutions to be paid by the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said County for the Time being, out of the publick Stock and County Rates of and belonging to the said County, and in every such Indictment or Indiblments, such Court House or Court Houses, or other Building or Buildings shall be alledged and described, and deemed and taken to be the Court House or Court Houles, or Building or Buildings (as the Case may happen) of “ the Justices of the Peace for the County of KentK without particularly stating or fpecirying the Name or Names of all or any of the said Justices.

XXV.	Provided always j and be it further enabled, That it shall Justices may and may be lawful to and for the said Justices assembled in such ° der Money t© General Quarter Sessions as aforesaid, to make any Order or Orders repaHng°other for the granting and contributing by and out of the publick Stock or Court Houses. County Rates of the said County, of such Sum or Sums of Money

as they the said Justices or the major Part of them so assembled as aforesaid shall from Time to Time deem requilite and necessary for the Purpose of rebuilding, repairing, altering, or enlarging any Court House or Court Houses, or any Building or Buildings used for that Purpose, now the Property of any Corporation or Corporations,

Bodies Politick or Corporate, or of any Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of any Manor or Manors in any or the said Towns or Places at which the said General Quarter Sessions of the Peace have been usually held ; provided that the free and uninterrupted Use end Enjoyment of any such Court House or Court Houses, or building or Buildings used for,that Purpose, towards the rebuilding, repairing, altering, or enlarging, whereof any Sum or Sums of Money which shall be so granted or contributed as aforesaid, shall be for ever after-

I i 4	wards

483

Vtfling the, C»»urt H u( 't s the Jlifticx5>

Penalty oa Per lot is detf royir.g Woi ks. Felony.

C. xxxiv, xxxv.	47°.GEO. III. Seff.n.	A.D.1807.

wards effectually secured to the Use of the Justifies of the Peace for the said County for the Purpoles herein-after mentioned; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXVL And be it further enacted, That all and every the said ln Court Houses and Buildings so to be provided or erected as aforesaid, and the Buildings, Lands, or Hereditaments so to be purchased as aforesaid, and every Matter and Thing appertaining, or in anywise relating thereunto, or to any of them, shall at all Times from and after the purchasing thereof, be veiled in, and the same are hereby declared to be veiled in the Justices of the Peace for the County of Kent for the Time being, uoon the Trust, and to the End, Intent, and Purpose that the said Justices shall and do from Time to Time, and at all Times for ever hereafter, peaceably and quietly allow, permit, and suffer, the Assizes, the Courts of Quarter SefTions of the Peace, and all other Courts and Meetings to be holden for the .Public Ad mi nill ration of Jullice, or for tranfadting the Publick Affairs and Bufineis of the said County, to be holden, and kept in the said several Court Houles or Buildings, and the Appurtenances thereunto belonging, and alio allow, permit, and suffer the same to be had. used, and enjoyed for all such other Publick Uses and Purposes as the Jullices of the Peace for the said County or the major Part of them, at their General Quarter SefTions of the Peace shall from Time to Time direct, order, or appoint, with free Liberty for all Per-fons whom it shall or may concern to act and officiate in, and to resort to, and attend, upon the said Courts and Meetings as they shall have occahon or think proper.

Justices may sue in the Name of the Clerk of the Peace, § 27.— “ Twenty-one Lavs Notice of Action; Plaintiff shall not recover if

sufficient Amends be tendered, § 28—Limitation of Actions Six “ Months; Venue in Kent; General Issue; Treble Costs, § 29.—Pub-u lie Act, § 30.

Cap. xxxv.

An Adi to enable the Reverend Alban Thomas Jones Gvuynne, his Heirs and Assigns, to repair and enlarge, or rebuild the Quay or Pier within the Harbour or Port of Aberayron, in the County of Cardtg■ n and to improve the said Harbour, and to regulate the Moorings of Ships and VefTels therein.	[ift	Aagujl	1807.]

<c Old Quay Duties abolished and New Duties granted, § 6, and (( Schedule.

XVIII.	And be ic further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously demolilh, break down, or deftr y, any Pier, Quay, Wharf, Storehouse, or any other Building or Work to be constructed, erected, or made under the Authority of this A A, every Person or Persons so offending shall be subject and iable to the like Punishments and Penalties as in Cases of Felony, and the Court by or before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted, shall and may and they have hereby Power and Authority to cause such Person and Persons to be punished in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm ; or in Mitigation of such Punishment such Court may, if they thiqk award such Sentence as the Law direfL in Cases of Felony.

Cap,

A.D. 1807.

489

470 GEO. III. Self-2. C.xxxvi, xxxvii.

Cap. xxxvi.

An Ad to enable His Majesty to vest the Sands of Traeth Mavur^ dividing the Counties of Carnarvon and Merioneth, in William Alexander Madocks Esquire.	[ill	Augnjl	1807.]

4 WHEREAS there is a certain Trad of Sands situate on the 4 VV Elluary called Traeth-Mawr, dividing the Counties of Car-4 narvon and Merioneth, and extending from Pont Alerglajlyn to the 4 Point of Gefi, which in its present State,, is unproductive and inca-4 pable of being cultivated, and the Palfage over the same is frequently 4 attended with great Inconvenience, Delay, -Difficulty, Expence, 4 and Danger: And Whereas, if the said Sands were protected from 4 the Sea by Embankments and other necessary Works, the same might 4 be cultivated and rendered productive, and the Communication * between the said Two Counties would be thereby greatly facilitated 4 and improved, and such Embankments and Works would also be 4 of publick Utility; but the making and maintaining of the same £ will be attended with confiderable Difficulty and Expence : And 4 Whereas William Alexander Mado ks, of Tan yr A lit, in the County -4 of Carnarvon, Esquire, is desirous of conftruding and making 4 such Embankments, Sea Walls, Ramparts, Fences, Sluices, 4 Bridges, and other Works, as may be necessary for protecting the 4 said Sands from the Influx of the Sea, at his own Expence, on 4 having the same veiled in him and his Heirs and Assigns in Fee 4 Simple: And Whereas His Majesty, in right of His Crown, 4 claims to be entitled to the said Sands, and being desirous of 4 encouraging Undertakings of publick Utility, His Majesty has been c moll graciously pleased to lignify his Royal Pleasure, that so much 4 of the said Trad of Sands from the Point of Ged to Pont Abcrglajlyn 4 afore said, as shall be protected from the Influx of the Sea, by the said 4 Wi liam Alexander Madocks, his Heirs or Assigns, in Manner afore-4 said, shall (as far as His Majesty is interested therein) be granted 4 and confirmed to, and veiled in the said William Alexander Madocks, 4 his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple:

44 His Majesty enabled to vest the said Sands in William Alexander 44 Madocks, his Heirs, See.—If the Embankment is not begun withi® 44 Ten Years, and completed within Twenty Years, the said Sands 44 Shall revert to His Majeliy, § 37.

Cap. xxxvii.

An ACl to explain, amend, and render more effectual, several Ads, for improving the Navigation of the River Loyne, otherwise Luney and for building a Quay or Wharf near Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.	[1	ft.	Augujl	1807,]

44 New Tonnage Duties granted in lieu of Tonnage Duties under 44 former Ads, but not to affect Light House Duties under 44 29 G. 2. c. 39. —Coxnmiffioners under the Ad empowered to license Pilots,

Cap*

See former A«f\s 23 <J. a-, c. ii. 12 G. 3 c. 8t. 29 G. 3. c. 39-

4^0

C. xxxviii—xli.

A.D.1807.

47® GEO. III. SelT.2.

Former A els

? G. 3- c* 85. 9 G, 3. c. 22. ncpeaied.

3G.3. c« 19.

Verdins in iuperior Courts for Small Debts ?iot entitled to Costs;

©n Verdict for Defendant he fifiall be'entitled double Costs*

Cap. xxxviii.

An Act for more effectually paving the Streets, and other Places, within that Part of the Parish of Saint Botolph Aldgate, which lies in theCounty of 1/liddlesex, and Part of a Street called East Smith-field in the Precind of Saint Catherine, and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the same, and for preventing Annoyances therein.

[ill Augujl 1807*3

Cap. xxxix.

An Ad to amend an Act, of the Third Year of Plis present Majesty, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, in the Hundreds of Bradford, Melksham, and Whorlfdown, in the County of Wilts, and for extending the Powers of the said Ad to other Places in the said County.	[ill	Augujl	1807.3

“ Jurisdiction extended to ^5.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit for any Debt recoverable by virtue of this Ad, in the said Court of Re-quests, shall be commenced in any other Court whatsoever, or elfe-where than in the said Court of Requests, then, and in every such Case, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Suit shall not, by reason of aVerdid for him, her, or them, or otherwise, have or be entitled to any Coils whatsoever ; and if the Verdict* /hall be given for such Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, and the Judge or Judges before whom the same shall be tried or heard, shall think fit to certify that such Debt ought to have been recovered in the said Court of Requests, then, and in every such Case, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs, and such Remedy for recovering the same, as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Costs in any Cases by Law.

Cap. xl.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Town of Grave/end, and the Hundreds of Toltingtrough, Dart-ford, Wilmington, and Axtane, in the County of Kent.

[ 1 ft Augvjl 1807 *]

u Jurisdiction extends to § J3*—Record of Judgement may be (c removed into superior Courts, and Execution levied accordingly “ with 20s. extra Costs, § 27.—[See chap, vii, of this SeJfion.'\

Cap. xli,

4 G. 1, c. g. An Act for continuing Three Ads, of the Sixth Year of King George 30 G. 2. c. 26. the	in	the	Twentieth	Year	of	King George the Second, and

£/	3.	c.	20.	jn	tjie	Seventeenth	Year	of	His present Majesty, for laying a Duty

of Two Pennies Scots, or One-fixth Part ol a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Beer or Ale vended or fold within the Town of Burntisland, and Liberties thereof, in theCounty of Fife, and for increaling the publick Revenue of the said Town.

[ 1 ft Augvjl 1807.]

Former Duties continued for Thirty-one Years, See. after palling of this Ad.

Cap0

A.D.1807.

470 GEO, III, Seff.a.

C. xlii—xlvi.

49*

Cap. xlii.

An Adi to revive and continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, 21 G. a. c. 13.^ of Two Adis, of the Twenty-fecond Year of His late Majesty, and *4 ^3- c-the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-fixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale or Beer brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold in the Burgh of Kinghorn, in the County of Fife.

[ 1 ft Cugufl J §07.]

Former Duties continued for Twenty-five Years, 8zc. after palling (i this Adi.

, Cap. xliii.

An Adi for building a Bridge over the River Thames, from the Parish of Sutton Courtney, in the County ot Berks, to the Parish of Gulham, in the County of Oxford.	[ ift Augufl	1807.]

ic The Company oi Proprietors of Sutton Courtney Bridge incorporated ; cc empowered to raise ^4,oool. by Shares, and^3,~oo. more ifrequi-fite to make Bye Laws; impose Tolls:	Whenever	Bridge is

**■ impassable a Ferry to be provided.

Li. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully or Dimag?ng the tnalicioufly pull down or dellroy the said Bridge, or any Part thereof, Bridge or Works or any Toll House to be erected by virtue of this. Adi, every Person Fekmy* so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be deemed guilty of Felony.

LII. And be it further enacted, That the said Brid e shall not be Bridge not to be adjudged or taken to be a County Bridge, or subject the Counties deemed a of Oxford and Berk.f, or either of them, to the repairing, amending, G°uPly Bridge, or supporting of the same ; any Law or Statute to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

Cap. xliv.

An Act to enable His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to grant Letters Patent for establishing a Theatre or Play-houie, under certain Reftridlions, in the Town of Birmingham', in the County of Warwick.	[ill Auguji 1807.]

f Stat. 10 G. 2. c. 28. repealed; so far as relates to Birmingham.”

Cap. xlv.

An Adi for amending an Adi of the Twelfth Year of His present i*G. 3. c. Si. Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads through the.

County of Lanark, and for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, at or near a Place called The Howford, in the said County ; and for making more effectual, and converting, the Statute Labour within the said County; and for repairing and regulating the Roads within the same.	[iff	Augufl	1807.]

Cap. xlvi.

An Adi to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of tS G.3. c. 1^1. an Adi of the Twenty-fixth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from He age, in the County of Dc by,

through

O 6

492

C. xlvi—liii.

io G. 3. c. 9^. 31 G. 3. c. 118.

•	3. C. 73.

•	3. C. 137.

55 G. 3. c. 116.

33 G.'. e. 32.

37 £»• 3- c. T47.

5 G. 3. c. 83.

7 G. 3. c. ioc. 2 j G. 3. c. 133.

3 G. 3. c. 52. *5 G. 3. c. 114.

470 GEO. III. SefT 2.	A.D. 1807.

through Alfreton to Tibjhelf, and a Branch, from the same Road, at or near Ahrland Lodge, to Higham, in the same County. (- .

[ 1 ft Jlug ujl t 807.]

Cap. xlvii.

An Adi for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of Two Adis of the Tenth and Tnirty-firft Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Brighthelmjlon to Lovell Heath, in the County of Sussex, and for amending a certain Piece of Road to communicate therewith, (£).	[	ill	Augujl 1807.]

Cap. xlviii.

An Adi for continuing and amending Two Adis of the Fifth and Twenty-fixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Great Gnmfhy Haven, at or near Up^er Sand End, to IVold Newton Church, and from Nurds Farm to the Mill Field, in the. Parish of Irby, in the County of Lincoln.	(b).	[ift	Augujl 1807. ]

Cap. xlix.

An Adi to revive and continue the Term and Powers of an Adi of the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Ip.'wich to South Town, a d from the said Road at Beech Lane, in the Parish of Darsham, to Bungay, in the County of Sijfolk. (b).	[ill	Augujl 1807.]

Cap. 1.

An Adi to amend, and render more effectual, so much of an Adi, of the Thirty-third Year of His late Majesty, for draining certain Fen Lands in the Isle o± Ely, and Counties of uffolh and Norfolk, near Mildenhti 11 River, and empowering the Conservators of Bedford Level to fell certain Fen Lands, as relates to the Lands in the Second District described in the said Adi.	[ift	Augujl 1807.]

Cap. li.

An Adi to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Adi of the Thirty-feventh Year of His present a ajefty, for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from Rochdale through Bam-ford arid Birth to Bury, and for making Three Branches of Road therefrom, in the County of Lancaster. {b,.	[ill Augujl 1807.]

Cap. lii.

An Adi to continue and amend Three Adis, palled in the Fifth, Seventh, and Twenty-fixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads therein,mentioned, leading from Chatteris Ferry to the Town of Wijbech Saint Peter’s, in the Isle of Ely, and other Places in the said Adis mentioned, (c). [til Augujl 18.07.]

Cap. liii.

An Acl to revive and continue the Term and Powers of Two Adis, of the Third and Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, fer amending the Roads from Penryn, in the County of Cornwall, to Redruth, in the same County. (b).	[ill Augujl 1807.]

Cap.

C, liv—lx.

493

470 GEO, III. SeiT. 2.

Cp liv.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the 33^*3-Powers of an Aft of the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Cambridge to a Place called Long Leys, and from Cambridge to Royjlon, in the Counties of Cambridge and Effete. (a)	[id: Angujl	lop;.]

Cap» lv.

An'Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of ^

Two Acts, of the Sixth and Twenty-fevepth Years of His present 27 Majesty, for repairing and amending the Road from the present Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Hwjley, in the County of Southampton, through the Borough of ndover to the Town of Newbury in the County of Berks, and from Newbury to Chilton Pond and Newtown River, (r).	[.Ift Aug tiff 1807.]

Cap. lvi.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the 5.G. 3. Powers of Two Acts, of the Fifth and Twenty-fixth Years of His 26	3*

present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from the River at Swath ling, through Botley to the Turnpike Road at Sherril Heath, in the County of Southampton. 1\gc), [ift Augufc 1807 .]

Cap. lvii.

An Act for veiling several Manors and Hereditaments in the Counties of Lincoln, Suffolk, and Essex, Parts of the Settled Eilntes of the Right Ho no urabe Fre eick William Earl of Brijlol in Trustees, upon fruit to fell, and fjr laying out the Monies ariiing from such Sales in the Purchaft of more convenient Estates, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, (q. P.)	[	ift	Augujl	1807.]

Cap. lviii.

An Act for veiling Part of the Settled Estates of the Right Honour-able Philip Earl of Chejlerfiel in Trustees, in Truit to be fold, and for laying out the Monies arising from iuch Sales in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses. ( . P.

£ ft Augujl 1807.]

Cap. lix.

An Act to enable Henrietta West Spinfler, and James West Esquire, and their LeiTee for the Time being, to grant Building Leaies of certain Lands deviled by the Will of Sarah West deceased) in the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey.	(q. P.)	[ill	Augujl	1807.3

Cap. lx.

An Act for veiling certain Estates of Mary Fojler and George Edward Graham Eiquire, and Mary his Wife, in King's Lynn and South Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, in Trustees, upon Trust to fell the lame, and to Hand poflefTed of the Monies arising from the Sale’thereof, upon the Trusts therein mentioned. (q.P. )

[ift Augujl 1807.]

Cat.

_ *

c. 13*.

c. 86. c. 94.

494

C 1x1—Ixvii.

*47° GEO. III. SeIT.2.

A.D. 1807*

Cap. Ixi.

An Act for settling the Right of Patronage or Presentation of or to a Chapel, to be called Shireoaks Chapel, in the Parish of Worhfop, in the County of Nottingham. (q. P.)	[ift	Augujl	1807.]

u Certificates of Burials shall be sent to the Vicar, and registered in “ the public Register of the Parish Church of Workfopy § 5.

Cap, lxii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Rhuddlan, Saint Afaph% Difirth, and Cwm in the County of Flint, (q. i\)

[ill Augujl 1807.]

“ Allotment to His Majesty as Lord of the Manor of Flint, and “ of the Comots of ColeJhilJ Rut hi an dy and Prejlattin, within the “ same, § iS.—Extraft of Award fh^all be sent to Land Revenue “ Oilice, § iq.-—Saving of His Majesty’s Right to Mines, Ore, Mine-rals, and Coal, § 30.

Cap. lxiii.

An Act for inclosing the Lands of Thorpe, in the County of Surrey.

(q.P.)	[ift	Augujl	1807.]

“ Compenfalion for Tithes, § 18, 19, 20.—Allotment to His Majesty cc and his Leftee.—Extraft of Award shall be sent to Land Revenue “ Office, § 23, 24.

Cap. lxiv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of Whejlon and Tidefwelly and in the Manor of Tide/welly in the County of Derby. (q.P.)

[ill Augujl 1807.]

ct Allotments to His Majesty in lieu of certain Chief Rents, &c. in “ Right of the Duchy of Lancajlery ^ J2.

Cap. Ixv.	7

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of J3ram~ hamy in the West Riding of the County of York. (q.P.)

[ill Augujl 1807.]

Cap. lxvi.

A11 Aft for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Shipdham, in the County of Norfolk. (q.P.)	[ift Augufi 1807.]

Cap. Ixvii.

O. 3. r. 72. An Act to amend Three [Afts, of the Eighteenth, Thirty-ninth, 39 G.3. c* 1 xxx i.	and Forty-fourth Years of His present Majesty for erecting a Court

44 G. 3. c. 61.	ITouse, for the holding of Sessions of the Peace in the City of

Wcjlminfler.	[8th	Avgijl	1807.3

<e Comrhiffioners under recited Acts empowered to fell certain Houses (C to Commissioners under IVeJlminJler Improvement Aft, 46 G. 3. “ c. 89.—4,000 1. additional allowed to be expended in erecting the “ Court House.

Court-Wife	IV.	And	be	it	further	enacted, That after the said Sum of Four

when bin It, to be thoufanc| Rounds, or so much thereof as jThall be necessary for the under the	r

Jrurpoies

Hosted by

C. Ixviii.

4f GEO. III.

Seff.2.

Purposes aforesaid, shall be railed; and as soon as the said Court House shall be built, fitted up, and properly accommodated, purfu-ant to the Directions of the said A6ts of the Eighteenth and Thirty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the Site of the ' said Market shall have been conveyed to the Dean and Chapter of Westminster, as directed by the said A£t made in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, all and every the Powers and Authorities given and created by the said recited A£fs touching the Direction, Control, and Management of the said Court-houfe shall cease and determine ; and the said Court-house, and the Apartments and Offices thereto belonging, and the Materials of which the same shall consist, shall thenceforth be under the foie Direction and Management of the Justices of the Peace for the Time being, of the City and Liberty of Wtejlminjler.

4< Justices of IVeJlmbiJler empowered to hire a Housekeeper, and 44 other Servants, to reside in Apartments belonging to the Courtt-44 house, § 5.—Juftices may let Cellars under Court-house, § 6.-*-<c Court-houfe shall be repaired under Order of Justices, § 7, &c.— u Public Adi, § 10.

Cap. Ixviii.

An Adi for repealing the several Acts for regulating the Vend and Delivery of Coals within the Cities of London and Wejhninjler and Liberties thereof, and in certain Parts of the Counties of Middlesex, Surry, Kent, and EJfex ; and for making better Provision for the same.	[8th	Augujl	1807,]

4 W7PEREAS the several Adis now in force and effect for re-4	* * gu ating the Vend and Delivery of Coals brought by Sea

4 into the Port of London, within the Cities of London and Wejhnin-4 jler, and the Liberties thereof, and within such Parts of the Counties 4 of Midd!esex, Surry t Kent, and Essex, as are situate within the Dif-4 tance of Twenty-five Miles from the Royal Exchange, in the 4 City of London, have been found insufficient to prevent the Com-4 million of Frauds and Impositions in the Vend and Delivery of 4 such Coals: And Whereas it wrould tend greatly to facilitate the 4 Execution of the Purposes intended by the said Adis, if the same 4 were repealed, and further and better Provisions made for those 4 Purposes p may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That io much of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the'Reign of His Majesty King E 'ward the Sixth, intituled, An A St for the AJfi%e of Fuel,	as directs, 4	That all Coals	to be made

4	and put to Sale in the Cities	of London,	Wejhninjler, or	in the Sub-

6 urbs of the same, after the last Day of September next coming, ft all 4 keep the Assize hereafter expressed. that is to wit, That every Sack 4 of Coals contain Four Bushels of good and clean Coals, upon Pain 4	that every Marker and every	Seller that	fhall make any	fuch Coals,

4	and put the same to sale, to	forfeit for every Sack of	Coals from

4 henceforth put to sale lacking of the Assize aforesaid Three Shillings 4 and Four-pence, and that this present Statute only, and no other 4 Statute of Assize of Coals,, shall from henceforth stand in force and

4	4	take

495

Direction of the Justices of We ft mincer.

7 Edw. 6. c. 7. reycaVd as to rh<- Measure of Coals.

. clxviii.

47° GEO. III. Seff. 2.

496

A.D.1807.

N t to revive

34	35

Hen. 8. c. 3.

Coal Exchange shall continue vetted in tl'e Corporation of London.

‘ take place and io much thereof as directs, That from and after the ‘ First Day of May next coming, no Person or Persons shall buy

*	any such Coals, but only such as will burn or consume the same, or f such Persons as shall fell the same again* by Retail, to such as shall

*	burn or consume the same for their own occupying, without Fraud or

*	Covin, or Wharfingers, or Bargemen, upon Pain to forfeit the Treble 6 Value of all such Coals as shall be otherwise bought for any Lucre < or Gain ; and that no Person or Persons shall alter any Mark or

* Afllze of any of the said Coals, marked or afiized according to f this Statute, in Pain of like Forfeiture as is aforesaid shall be, and he same is and are hereby repealed, and declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever : Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to revive or to give any Force or Eftedl to an Adi, made in the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King Henry the Eighth, intituled, or diredling, Of what Measure, AJsize, and Scantling, Coals, Talwoody Faggots, and Billets, shall he, and the Fors eiture and Penalty of than that Jloall not perform the fame/ or any of the Provi-fions therein contained ; but such lafl recited Apt, and all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures therein contained, shall continue repealed, in such and the like Manner as if this present Adi had not been made, any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

“ 7 & 8 IV. 3. c. 36. § 2. (making perpetual 16 & 17 C. 2. c. 2. “ which was revived by 2 IV. & M. c. 7.) repealed, §2.—The ** following Adis repealed, viz. 26 G. 3. c. to3. ; 36 G. 3. c. 61. ; iC 42 G. 3. c. ixxxix.'; 38 G.3. c. lvi.; 46 G. 3. c. xxxii.—§ 3.— “ This Adi fhal! not revive 26 G. 3. c. 14. — $ 4.—43 G. 3. e. cxxxiv. u and 44 G. 3. c. Ixxxii. repealed, § 5.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Piece or Parcel of Land, and the Buildings thereon erected, called The Coal Exchange, with all and singular the Hereditaments and Appurtenances, which the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in pursuance of the said recited Adis, made in the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, have purchased or caused to be purchased, andkave caused PofTeffion to be taken thereof in the Name of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, shall be and the same is and are hereby declared to be veiled in the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of Lmdon, for the Purpose of holding a free, open, and public Market for the Sale of Coals brought into the Port of London, and for other the Purposes of this Adi; and all and every Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all and every other Person and Persons whosoever, are and is hereby declared to be and continue and shall be and continue indemnified for and in respect of all and every Verdict and Verdidls, Order or Orders, Contract or Con-tracts, and all and every Adi or Adis which they or any of them shall or may have lawfully made, executed, or done, or caused to be made, executed, or done, under or by virtue or in pursuance of the said recited Adis, or either of them, palled in the Forty-thi.d and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

I	u Bonds

C.Ixviii.

497

A.D. 1807.	470	GEO.	III.	Seif.	3.

(i Bonds and Conveyances under recited A£ls 43 Sc 44 G.3. shall re-“ main valid, § 7.—Annuities granted by the City of London shall <c continue charged on the Duties to be collected by virtue of this

“ a a, § s.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, shall give or cauie to be given, Six Calendar Months Notice of their Intention to pay off'any such Annuities which shall have been lo granted under and by virtue of the said recited Acts, made in the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or either of them, to the Person or Perlons to whom the same may refpeCfively belong, at the End of which Six Calendar Months, upon Payment or Tender of the respective Sums for which any such Annuity or Annuities may have been granted, to or for the Person or Persons then entitled thereto, at the Office of the Chamberlain of the said City for the Time being, in the Guildhall of the same City, the Annuity and Annuities payable to such Person and Persons refpedfcively shall cease and determine; nevertheless the Monies so tendered shall be paid to such Perion or Persons upon his or their Demand, and giving a Discharge for the same.'

“ Application of Money for Purchases by Bodies Corporate, Trustees, c< Incapacitated Persons, &c. § 10—16.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted. That all and every Book or Books, in which any Entry or Entries of any Proceeding or Proceedings shall have been made by any Person or Persons adtiag by and under the Authority of the said recited AFts, made in the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or either of them (fuch Entry or Entries being made in such Book or Books, according to the Directions-of, and made Evidence by, such Two laft-mentioned Acts, or One of them) Hall be and be deemed to be good and sufficient Evidence of such Proceedings in any Court whatsoever, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted, That there shall be and continue to be at all Times hereafter, at or upon the said Coal Exchange and Hereditaments, a free, open, and public Market, for the Sale of Coals brought into the Port of Lojidon.

XIX.	And be it further declared and enacted, That such Market shall be and continue to be holden on every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday in the Week, in each and every Year, (Good Friday, Christmas Fay, and Fall Days by Proclamation, only excepted) from Twelve of the Clock at Noon until Two of the Clock in the Afternoon in each and every Day; and that it shall be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, to continue and retain the present Clerk' or Clerks, and other Officer or Officers, to such Market, with such Salary or Salaries for his or their Trouble and Attendance there, as to the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, shall seem just and reasonable, and from Time to Time to remove or displace him or them, and to nominate and appoint other Clerk or Clerks, Officer or Officers, in his or their Stead.

XX.	And be it further enabled, That for the Purpose of defraying the several Charges and Expences for eftabliffiing and holding such Market, and of the Purchase of the said Lands, Buildings, and Hereditaments, called The Coal Exchange, and such other Lands, Tene-

Kk	meats.

Notice shall be given of paying off Annuities.

Entries inBooks under former A&s declared valid.

Coal Exchange shall be an open Market.

Market Days.

Clerk and Officers.

Duty on CoMs, Cinders, and Culm,

498

JD'.j'y Ovill he Kclucc-f) when nunc than fuiScker-i 'fur ihe Purposes of this Act.

C.lxviii.	47*	GEO.	III.	Seff.2.	A.D.]	Seg-

ments, and Hereditaments, purchased in pursuance of the said recited Acts, made in the Forty.third and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for erecting, maintaining, and supporting convenient Buildings thereon, and for defraying the Salaries and Allowances of the several Clerks and other Persons employed in the Execution of this Act, and for defraying the other Charges and Expences of carrying the same into Execution, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken, of and from each and every Maher of a Ship or VefTel laden with Coals, Cinders, or Culm, or other Period having the Care or Command thereof* arriving at her Moorings within any Part of the Port of Lon-on, at or to the West ward of Gravesaid, the Sum of One Penny per Chaldron, (or Ton, in case the same shall be fold by Weight) and no move,' for every Chaldron or Ton of Coals, Cinders, or Culm, contained in such Ship or other Vessel; and such Sum of One Penny per Chaldron or Ton of all such Coals, Cinders, and Culm, shall and may be collected, levied, recovered, and paid in such and the like Manner, and by, with* and under such Powers, Authorities, and Provilions, as any other Duty or Duties, or Impofttion or Impositions, on Coals, now payable to the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of Lon 'on, or to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City of London, is or are, or may be colled! ed, levied, recovered, and paid .respectively, and such Sum of One Penny per Chaldron or Ton, when so paid for any such Coals, shall be charged to the Purchaser of the Coals, besides and in Audition to the Charges and Expences of the Metage of such Coals.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Costs, Charges and Expences incident to and incurred in obtaining and palling this Act, shall be paid and discharged by and out of the Money to be received by virtue of this Act, and when and as soon as such Costs, Charges, and Expences, and the Costs, Charges, and Expences of purchafmg the several Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and PI ere tii tarn ents for the said Market, and of making any Buildings, Erections, and other Conveniences thereto, and the Money borrowed or raised by virtue of the said recited Acts* made in the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty respectively, and the Interect: thereof, shall have been paid off . and discharged, and the said Duty of One Penny per Chaldron or Ton of Coals, Cinders, and Culm, shall be more than sufficient for maintaining, repairing, and supporting the said Market, and of the several Buildings, Erections, and Conveniences thereto, and for paying the said several Annuities

f ranted by virtue of such Acts respectively, and the Salaries and other ayments and Allowances to the Clerk or Clerks, and other Officers and Persons employed in the Execution of this Act, and for defraying the several other Charges and Expences of carrying the same into Execution, then and in every such Case the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons shall, and they are hereby required to reduce such Duty to such Sum of Moneyas shall be sufficient for such several Purposes; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, again to raise such Duty to any Sum not exceeding the Sum granted by this Act, when and so often as it shall be necessary for the Purposes thereof; and such Duty, when so reduced or again raised, shall be coiiected, levied, and recovered in such and the

same

Hosted by

499

A.D.i807.	47°	GEO. III. Ssir. 3.	CJxviiL

same Manner as the Duty granted or continued by this Act can or hiay be collected, levied, and recovered.

XXII.	And be it further enabled, That the Did Duty or Duties on Coals, Cinders, and Culm, granted or continued and made payable by this Adi, shall be and the same is hereby charged'and made chargeable with the Annuities which shall be payable in respect of such Sum or Sums of Money as have been borrowed and railed under or by virtue of the said recited Adis, made in the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty relpedlively, for the Purposes of thcfe Adis respectively.

XXIII.	c And Whereas certain Coals coming from Scotland and c other Places have been and are uiually fold by Weight be it therefore enacted, That for the Purpose of ascertaining the Weight of such Coals uiually fold by Weight, One hundred and twelve Pounds Avoirdupois Weight shall be deemed and taken to be One .Hundred Weight, and Twenty Hundred Dali be deemed and taken to be One Ton.

XXIV.	And be it further enadfed, That each and every Mailer of a Ship or Vessel laden with Coals, or other Person having the Care and Command thereof, shall, and he is hereby required, within Twenty-four Hours after his Ship or other Vessel Dali have arrived at or to the Westward of Blaclivuall, or at her Moorings for Delivery, within any Part of the said Port of London, at or to the Westward of Gravesend, and not before, to deliver, or cause to be delivered to the Clerk of the said Market, or other Officer appointed to receive the same, at his Office in the Place appointed for holding such Market, <i true and perfect Copy of the Certificate or Certificates directed to be given by every Fitter or other Person vending or delivering Coals to each and every Maker of a Ship' or Vessel on board of which such Fitter or other Person vending or delivering Coals Dali have loaded any Coals, in pursuance of an Act made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An At1 to diffolvc the present, and prevent the future Combinations of Coal Owners, Lightermen, Masters, of Shipr, and others to advance the Brice of Coals in prejudice of the ■Navigaiign, Trade, and Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for the further Encouragement of the Coal Trade', and if such Ship or Vessel Dali not come from any Port or Place, where, by the said Act such Certificate or Certificates is or are required to be given, then and in such Case each and every Maker of such Ship or Vessel, having the Care or Command thereof, Dali deliver, or cause to be delivered an Account of the Quantity, and Name or Names, or Description or Deferiptions of the Coals on board of such his Ship or Vessel to the Clerk or other Officer of the said Market ; and in case it Dali happen that such Fitter’s Certificate or Certificates Dali at any Time be accidentally lok, or in cale any such Ship or Vessel Dali have been originally loaded or entered outwards for Exportation, and Dali afterwards change her Dekination, and arrive or come to her Moorings as aforesaid, without any such Fitter’s Certificate or Certificates having been obtained or provided, then and in either of such lak-mentioned Cases, each and every such Maker of such Ship or Vessel Dali deliver or cause to be delivered a like Account of the Quantity, and Name or Names, or Description or Deferiptions of the Coals on board of such his Ship or Vessel, to such Clerk, or other Officer of the said Market, together with an Affidavit to accompany such Account, and

X k 2	to

Said Duty charged with Annuities granted by recited Acts 43 and 44 G. 3.

What shall be deemed a Ton.

Mailers of Ships shall give an Account of the Coals in their Ships ;

9 Ann. c. z3'.

5oo

C.lxvlii.

47° GEO. III. Sefl'.

A.D. 1807-

Clerk of the Market fnall register the same.

Penalty for

delivering falfej Accounts or making false Entries.

The said Accounts shall he affixed in the Market.

to be sworn by inch Mafler before, any of His Majesty’s Jultice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City., Town, or Place, where the same shall be sworn (and which Oath any such justice or Juflices-are hereby authorized to administer) in which Affidavit such Mailer shall hate and verify such Circum(lances either of the accidental Eofs of any such Certificate, or of any such Ship having-been originally entered outwards, and having afterwards changed her Dehina-tion, and arrived as aforesaid, without any such Certificate having been obtained or provided (as the Case may be) ; and such Clerk or other Officer is hereby required to receive and re'filler such Certificate or Certificates, Account or Accounts, together with the Affidavit or Affidavits, accompanying any such Account or Accounts as aforesaid, upon Payment or Tender of the Sum herein directed to be demanded and taken by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, for every Chaldron (or Ton of Coals, in cale the same fhadbe fold by Weight) contained in such Ship or other Vefiel, in a proper Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose ; and if any such V after of any such Ship or other Vefiel, or other Person having the Care or Command thereof as aforesaid, shall refuie or neglect to deliver, or cause to be delivered, in Manner aloresaid, within Twenty-four Hours after such Ship or other Vefiel shall have arrived or come to her Moorings as- aforesaid, a true and perfect Copy of such Certificate or Certificates, or such true Account as aforesaid, where any such Ship or other Vefiel shall not come from any Port or Place where by the said Act such Certificates are required to be given, or a like true Account, together with such Affidavit accompanying the same as aforesaid, in case either of any such accidental Loss of any such Certificate as aforesaid, or of any such Change in the Destination of any such Ship or Vefiel originally loaded or entered for Exportation without any such Certificate having been obtained or provided as aforesaid ; or if any such Mafler of any such Ship or Vefiel, or other Person having the Care or Command thereof, shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, any such Copy of such Certificate or Certificates, or any such Account nr Accounts, or any such Affidavit or Affidavits as aforesaid, before such Ship or other Vefiel shall have arrived or come to her Moorings as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully deliver in any false or inaccurate Account of the Quantity, or Name or Names, Description or Defcrip-tions of the Coals in such Ship, or other Vefiel, every such Mafler or other Person having the Care or Command of such Vefiel, so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and if any such Clerk or other Officer shall refuse 1 or neglect to receive and register any such Copy or Copies of such Certificate or Certificates, or any such Account or Accounts, or any such Affidavit or Affidavits accompanying any such Account or Accounts as aforesaid, upon Payment or Tender of such Sum as aforesaid, or shall make any such Registry, knowing that such Ship or other Vefiel had not arrived or come to her Moorings as aforesaid, then and in every such Case, every such Clerk so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

XXV.	And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of such Market shall, and he is hereby required, previous to the Opening of the Market next after the Receipt of the Copy of such Certificate or Certificates, or of any such Account or Accounts as aforesaid, to fix up in some conspicuous Part cr Parts within the said Market, a true and

4	perfedf

A.D. 1-807.

470 GEO. Ill Self.2.

C.lxv iii.

5 01

perfect Copy thereof, in fair and legible Characters, and with the Words

For Sale'" expre(fed.therein ,* and in case any Copy or Copies of Inch Certificate or Certificates, or any such Account or Accounts as aforesaid shall be received by such Clerk during* the Hours of holding such Market, and before One Hour previous to the Ciofe thereof, then and in such Case such Clerk shall, and he is hereby required to fix up in Manner aforesaid, a true and perfect Copy thereof, in fair and legible Characters, and with the Words “ For Sale” expressed thereon ; and if such Clerk shall refuse or negleCc to fix up such Copy or Copies in Manner aforesaid, or within the Time aforesaid, such Uerk so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted, That if any Owner or Maker of any Ship, or other Vessel, laden.with Coals to be unloaden in any Part of the said Port of London, at or to the Westward of Gravesend aforesaid, or other Person or Persons whosoever, shall fell or dispose of any Coals contained in any such Ship, or other Vessel, or shall agree or contract for the Sale of any such Coals contained in any such Ship, or other Vessel, before such Copy or Copies of such Certificate or Certificates, or such Account or Accounts as aforesaid, shall have been fixed up in such Market in Manner aforesaid, or if the said Coals shall be fold in any other Place o-r Places than in the said Market, or on any other Days, or within any other Hours than those appointed for holding the same, then and in every such Case, every such Sale, Purchase, Contract or Agreement for Sale or Pur-chase, shall be, and the same is and are hereby declared to be, null and void, to all Intents and Purpoles whatsoever, and the several Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXVII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That when any Ship or Vessel, laden with Coals, shall have arrived at or to the Westward of Blackball, or at her Moorings for Delivery, within any Part of the said Port of London, at or to the Westward of Gravesend, which Ship or Vessel shall have been loaded or freighted for or on the Account of Government, who shall have purchased the Whole of the Cargo of Coals contained in any such Ship or Vessel, at the Port where such Ship or Vessel shall have been so loaded or freighted, then and in every such Case, if the Maker or other Person having the Care or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall within Twenty-four Flours after such Ship or Vessel shall have arrived or come to her Moorings as aforesaid, deliver or cauie to be delivered to the Clerk or other Officer of the said Market, a true Copy of the Fitter's Certificate of the Coals contained in such Ship or Vessel, or in case it shall happen that such Fitter’s Certificate or Certificates shall have been accidentally loft, or in case such Ship or Vessel shall not come from any Port or Place where by the said recited Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, such Certificate or Certificates is or are required to be given, the Mailer or other Person having the Care or Command of such Ship or Vessel {hull, within the Time aforesaid, deliver or cause to be delivered an Account of the Quantity and Name or Names, or Description or Descriptions of the Coals on board of such his Ship or Vessel, to such Clerk or other Officer of the said Market ; and to every such Certificate and Account an Affidavit shall be annexed and delivered therewith, which Affidavit shall have been sworn by such

K k 3	Mailer,

Coals shall be fold in the Marker, and during Market Hoars, Scc.

Coals laden and freighted on' board any Ship for Government, may be unladen and delivered, u'ltnouc Oeing put op to Sale in me Market; provided the

Slip M.iner hr ft fend to me C1 c 1 k uf the Mai ket a Copy of the Fitter’s Certificate, together with an Affidavit dating the Coals to have been so laden and freighted.

Saks of Coni, fh »!I h-: earned with the Cork. Vi lire Iv3ai kcu

jC.lxviii.	47° GEO. III. Sdffi 2.	A.D. 1807,

Matter, or by such other Person having the Career Command offuch Ship or Vessel, before any One or more of His Majesty’s Justices acting for the Counties of Middlesex or Surrey, or City of London, (and which Oath any such Justice is hereby authorized -to administer), and in such Affidavit such Mailer, or other Person having,the Care or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall verify such Copy of such * Fitter’s Certificate or Certificates, Account or Accounts as aforesaid, and shall alio fet forth and verify such Circumstances of such Ship or Vessel haying been so loaded or freighted as aforesaid, and also such Circumstances of any accidental Lots which may have happened of any such Certificate or Certificates, it shall and may be lawful to unload and deliver such Ship or Vessel, for or on Account of Govern-? ment, without the Copy of the said Certificate or Certificates, Account or Accounts, being fixed up in the said Market, or the said Coals being in any Manner exposed, or subject to be exposed, or put up for Sale iu the said Market, and no Person or Persons whosoever shall (provided such Matter or other Person having the Care or Command of any such Ship orVeflel, shall have delivered such Certificate or Certificates, Account or Accounts, and have made such Affidavit, and delivered the same in Manner aforesaid) -be subject or liable to any Penalty or Penalties whatsoever for or in respect of such Copy of such Certificate or Certificates, Account or Accounts, not being fixed up irrthe said Market, or for or in refpetl of the Coals contained in any such Ship or Vessel not being exposed or put up for Sale, or fold in such Market, or be subject or liable to any other Penalty or penalties whatsoever for or in respect of the Coals contained in any such Ship or Vessel being unloaded or delivered in Manner aforesaid, any Thin or herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

“ § 6, and 8 of 3 G. 2. c. 26. recited verbatim, and repealed.'—

“ § 6 and § 7 of 11 G. 2, c. 15, also recited verbatim, and repealed,

« § 28.

XXIX. And be it further enabled, That ?r!l Bargains or Contrails for Coals between Buyer or Buyers and Seller or Sellers shall by the Crimp, Fadior, or other Person having the Difpoial of such Coals (in case any such Crimp, Fadtoy, or other Person, shall be employed for the Disposal of such Coals) be fairly entered, with the Conditions thereof, and Price of such Coals, in a Book to be kept by such Crimp, or Fadlcr, or other Person as aforesaid, subscribed by such Buyer or Buyers, and by the said Crimp or Factor, or other Person as aforesaid, not merely with the Initials of their Names, but with their Names written at full Length, of which Bargain or Contract such Crimp or. Factor, or other Person as aforesaid, shall at the same Time ' deliver yrails a Copy by him attested to the Seller or Sellers and Buyer or Buyers respectively (in case, but not otherwise, of such Buyer or Buyers or Seller or Sellers reipedtively demanding such Copy) and a true and perfect Copy of such Bargain or Contract, and the Price of such Coals, shall be delivered by such Crimp or Factor to the Clerk of the said Market, within One Hour after the Clole of the Market on that Day ; and every such Copy shall be by such Clerk entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Furpose; and every such Book shall be open for the Perusal or Inflection of any Perion or Persons whomsoever, on Demand, at any Time or Times during the Hours such Market shall be open 3 and if any such Buyer or Buyers

Hosted by

A-D. 1807.

470 GEO. III. SefT 2.

C. lx

CV111.

5°3

/hall subscribe his or their Name or Names to any such Bargain or Contract in such Factor’s Book, otherwise than in Manner aforesaid, or if any Crimp or Factor, or other Person, having the Dilpofal of such Coals as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to enter such Bargain or Contract, or the Price of such Coals, fairly, accurately, and honeltly, without Fraud or Covin, or to subscribe the same, or shall negleil or refuse to give Copies thereof in Manner or withinjdie Time aforesaid, or if any such Clerk shall refuse or negleil to enter such Contrail or Bargain, or the Price of such Coals as aforesaid, in such Book or Books in Manner aforesaid, or shall not permit the Perufai or Infpeilion thereof to any Person or Persons whomsoever, during such Hours as aforesaid, then and in such Case, every such Person or Perlons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds ; and in case any Person or Per- Persons may fell fons shall fell his, or her, or their Coals, which it shall and may be lawful their own Coals to and for such Person or Persons to do, without the Intervention of witKourthe such Crimp, Factor, or other Person as aforesaid, then and in such 0f^Faflor!1 Case every such Sale, Bargain, or Contrail for the Purchase of Coals, with the Conditions thereof, and the Price of such Coals, shall be fairly written on Paper, and shall be signed by the Seller or Seliers, and Buyer or Buyers, with their refpeilive Names written at full Length, and such Paper, when so ligned, or a true and perfeit Copy thereof, shall be delivered by such Seller or Sellers to the Clerk of such Market within One Flour after the Cl-ofe of the Market 011 that Day, and such Clerk shall, and he is hereby required to enter such Paper, or such Copy thereof, in a Book or Books to be kept for such Furpose, which Book or Books shall be open for the Infpeition and Perufai of any Person or Persons whomsoever, on Demand, at any Time or Times during such Hours as such Market shall be open ; and if any such Buyer or Seller shall lign or subscribe his or their Name or Names to any such Bargain or Contrail otherwise than in Manner aforefaid} or if any such Seller or Sellers shall refuse or negleil to enter such Bargain or Contrail with such Clerk, in Manner or within the Time aforesaid, or if any such Clerk shall refuse or negleil to enter any such Bargain or Contrail in such Book or Books in Manner aforesaid, or shall not permit the Infpeilion and Perufai thereof to any Person or Persons whomsoever on Demand, during such Flours as aforesaid, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding One bundled Pounds, nor less than Twenty Pounds; and if any Buyer or Buyers, or other Person on his, her, or their Behalf, fnall demand, take, or receive any Abatement,

Dednilion, or Allowance (by whatever Name or by whatever Means such Abatement, Deduilion, or Allowance shall be called or made) from the Price so delivered to or entered with the Clerk of such Market, or shall prailife or make use of any Art, Covin, or Device, so as to obtain any such Abatement, Deduilion, or Allowance from the Price so delivered to and entered with the Clerk of such Market, or if any Ship Owner, Crimp, Sailor, Vender or Sellt r of Coals, or any Person on his, her, on their Behalf, shall give, grant, or allow any Abatement, Deduilion, or Allowance from, the Price so delivered to and entered with the Clerk of such Market (by whatever Name or by whatever Means such Abatement, Deduilion, or Allowance shall be called or made), so that the full Price so delivered to and entered with the Clerk of such Market shall not.Fe received for such Coals

K k 4	hr

The true-and f ill Price <if such Sales shall he entered with the said Cierfc.

Hosted by

C. Ixviii.

5 >4

47® GEO. III. SeiT.2.	A.D.1807.

by such Vender or Seller, then and in every such Case, every such Buyer, Ship Owner, Crimp, Fablor, Vender, Seller, and other Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, .nor less than Twenty Pounds :	Provided	always,	that	the	Commifhon	to	any	Crimp,	or

Fabtor, or other Person having ti e Difpoial of Coals, and the usual Discount and Scorage allowed to Buyers, Hr all not be or be deemed to be any such Abatement, Deduction, or Allowance from such Price as aforesaid.

persons and	XXX.	Provided	nevertheless,■ and be it further enabled, That

Partners may when any Person shall on his own Account, or on the Account of him-U)tir usual fe]f anc| any Copartner or Copartners, buy, or enter into any Bargain Firm See. first or Contra 61 for the Purchase of Coals in the said Market, or shall enter into any Agreement respecting the Terms in which any Cargo of Coals fold in Shares in the said Market is to be delivered, then if such Person so buying, contracting, or agreeing, Shall, at some Time previous to inch buying, contracting, or agreeing, have delivered to the Clerk of the said Market a Paper, containing (in case of such Buyer being a Copartner with any other-Perfon or Persons) as well the usual Firm or Signature of fucli Buyer and his Copartner cr Copartners, as also the true Christian and Surnames, and Places of Abode, at full Length, of himself and of such his Copartner or Copartners, or containing (in caic of such Buyer not being a Copartner with any ether Perion or Persons) the uiual Signature of such Buyer, and also his true Christian Name or Names, arid Surname, and Place of Abode, at full Length, then and in any such Case, any such person so buying, con tracting, or agreeing, and having previously delivered such Paper, shall be at liberty, if he thinks Ht, to lign and subscribe, with iuch his own usual Signature, or in such usual Firm, or with such usual Signature of himself and his said Copartner or Copartners, (as the Caff may be), any Bargain or Contract made in the said Market for the Purchase of any Coals, or any such Agreement as is herein-after required refptcting the Terms in which any Cargo fold in Shares in the said Market is to be delivered, (inftead of being in such Case obliged to subscribe such Bargain, Contract, or Agreement with his own Name, or with the Names of himself and his Copartner or Copartners at full Length) ; and in like Manner, if any Fabler, who shall fell or enter into any Bargain or Contvad for the Sale of Coals in the said Market, or shall sign his Name as Witness to any such Agreement respecting the Terms of Delivery of any Cargo fold in Shares, shall previously to such Filing, or contracting, or figmng, or attesting such Agreement, have delivered to the Clerk of the said Market a Paper, containing (in case of such Factor being a Copartner with any other Person or Persons) as well the usual Firm or Signature of such Factor and his Copartner or Copartners, as also the true Christian and Surnames or Places of Abode in full Length of himself and of such his Copartner or Copartners, or containing in case of such Fablor not being a Copartner with any other Person or Persons) the usual Signature of such Fablor, and also his true Christian Name or Names, and surnames, and Place of ' bode, at full Length ; then and in any such Case any such Fablor so felling, or contracting, or signing, or attesting any such Agreement, and having previously delivered such Paper, shall be at Liberty, if he chinks fit, to sign or subscribe with such his own usual Signature, or in such usual Firm, or with such usual Signature

delivc. lug tne lame to the Clerk of the Market.

Hosted by

A.D.iBoy. 470GEO* III. SefT.2*	C,	Ixviii.	505

of himself and his said Copartner or Copartners (as the Case may be), 1 any Bargain or Contract made in the said Market for the Sale of any Coal, or any such Agreement as is hereinafter required respecting the Terms in which any Cargo fold in Shares in the said Market is to be delivered in itead of being in such Case obliged to sign or subscribe such Bargain* or Contract, or Agreement with his own Name, or with the Names of himself and his Copartner or Copartners at full Length ; and if any Person shall receive a Paper or Authority, in Writing, from and as the Clerk or Agent < f any other Person or Persons, to buy or enter into Bargains or Contracts on the Behalf of such other Person or Persons for the Purchase of Coals in the said Market, and to enter into Agreements on the Behalf of such other Person or Persons reipecting the Terms of Delivery of any Cargo which shall be fold in Shares in the said Market, and if such Clerk, Agent, or Person, shall, previously to his buying on the Behalf of such other Person or Persons, deliver in to the Clerk of the said Market such Paper or Authority, in Writing, and which Paper or Authority, in Writing, shall be signed and subscribed with the Christian and Surnames, and Places of Abode, at full Length, of each and every Person or Persons on whose Behalf fuch-Authority shall be given, and alio with the usual Firm or Signature of any Copartner on whose Behalf any such Authority shall be given, or with the usual Signature of any Person, not being a Copartner, on whose Behalf any such Authority may be given (as the Case may be), and ft. il also contain the Name and Place of Abode, at full Length, of the Person who shall be so authorized thereby; then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any fucli Clerk, Agent, or Person who shall have been so authorized, and who shall have previously delivered in to the Clerk of the said Market such Paper or Authority, in Writing, to inch FfFedt, and 10 signed and fub~ fenbed as aforesaid, to enter into and sign or subscribe on the Behalf and in the Name or Names of such other Person or Perions who shall have given such Authority as aoresaid, any Bargain or Contract for the Purchase of any Coals in the said Market, or any such Agreement as is herein after required, in case of any Cargo being fold in Shares in the said Market; and such Clerk, Agent, or Person so authorized, and who shall have previously delivered such Paper as aforesaid, shall be at Liberty, if he thinks fit, to sign or subscribe any such Bargain, Contract, or Agreement as aforciaid with the usual Signature or Firm of the Person or Persons on whose Behalf he shall so buy or enter into such Bargain, Contract, or Agreement, without being obliged to sign the Name or Names of such Person or Persons at full Length, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding ; and the Clerk of the said Market shall. and he is hereby required to enter every such Paper in a Book or Books to be kept for iucll Purpose, which Book or Books shall be open for the lnlpedtion or Perusal of any Person or Persons whomfeever on Demand, during inch Hours as the said Market fhal! be open ; and if any such Buyer or Factor shall deliver to the said Clerk-of such Market any-fade or imperfect Paper ,or Account of the Firm or Signature, or Gf the Christian and Surname or Names, or Place or Places of Abode, of himself, or oi himself and his Copartner or Copartners (as the Case may be), or if any such Clerk, Agent, or other Person as aforesaid, shall deliver to the said Clerk of the said Market any false or imperfect Paper, or any other than such Paper or Authority in Writing, to such Efsect, and io

figned

C Jxviil.

5°5

47® GEO. III. Scir. 2. A.D. 1807.

Coals may he purcbafed in the Market in Qu mfities of not

I	el s than

II	Chaldrons.

figned and subscribed as aforesaid, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds ; and if any such Clerk of the said Market shall refuse or neg-leCt to enter, or copy, or cause to be entered or copied any such Paper in such Book or Books in Manner aforesaid, or shall not permit the InfpeClion or Perusal.thereof to any Person or Persons whomsoever, on Demand, during such Hours as aforesaid, such Clerk so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That after the Cargo of any Ship or other VefTel shall have been entered with the Clerk of the said Market in Manner aforesaid, the Coals contained in such Cargo shall be and be deemed to be upon Sale during the Times for holding the said Market as herein-before mentioned ; and if the Factor, Agent, or other Person having Power or Authority of felling the said Cargo of Coals, or of any Part or Parts thereof, 1 hall give an) undue [ reference in the Sale thereof, or refuse or decline to fell the same, or any Part or Parts thereof, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall be deiirous of purchafmg not less than Twenty-one Chaldrons thereof (Payment for such Coals being then and there tendered with sufficient Security for the Payment of Demurrage, in case of Detention in the Delivery) such FaCtor or Agent, or other Person so offending, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

Entries under 11 is

Evidence*

Penalty on Sale-of >ne Sait of Cj 11s for another 48ol.pct Chaldron.

•9 Ann. c. 2%.

3 G. 2. c. 26.

XXXII.	And be it further enaCtcd, That,all Entries made by the Clerk of such Market, in such. Book or Books, in pursuance of the Directions of this ACL shall be Evidence in all Cales, Suits, and Actions, touching or concerning any Thing done in pursuance of this ACL

XXXIII.	And be it further enacted, That if any Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, shall knowingly fell one Sort of Coals for and as a Sort which they really are not, within the said Port of London, or within the respective Cities of London or WeJL m'injier, or the respective Liberties thereof, or within such Fart or Parts of the respective Counties of Middlcfcx, Surrey, Kent, and LJj'ex, as is or are situate within the Diitance of Twenty live Miles from the Royal Exchange aforesaid, every such Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, shall forfeit and pay, fer every such Offence, the Sum of Twenty'' Pounds per Chaldron for every Chaldron so fold ; and such Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, shall not be subject or liable to any Penalty impofed' by the said recited Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her Majesty Queen jinne, intituled, An Ad to dissolve the present, and pre-vent the future Combination of Coal Owners, Lightermen, Maflcrs of Ships, and others, to advance the Price of Coals, in prejudice of the Navigation, Trade, and Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for the further Encouragement of the Coal Trade ; or by the said r;cited Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty Rung George the Second, intituled. An A8 for the better Regulation of the Coed Trade, 011 every Person who shall knowingly fell one Soil of Coals for and as a Sort which they really are not : Provided always, that no Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, shall be fubjeCl to such Penalty^ for or in respect of any Number of Chaldrons exceeding Twenty-live Chaldrons, for the fam+e Offence.

XXXIV. ‘ And

A.D.1807.

47° GEO. III. SeiT. 2.

C. ixviii.

5°7

No Merer shall be appointed so a Snip uiitil Fart of the Coals arc fold.

Coal Ships -damaged inaj be unladen without waiting fur a Ship Mete v

XXXIV,	x And Whereas great Inconvenience has arisen from the ^ Appointment of a Meter to a Ship or other Vessel for the Delivery ‘ of her Cargo of Coals before the same was ready for Delivery/ be it therefore further enacted, That no Meter shall be appointed to any Ship or other Vessel for the Delivery of her Cargo of Coals, until after the Account of the Sale of such Cargo of Coals shall have been entered with the Clerk of the Market, or until the Conclusion of the Market, in which the Account of the Sale of Three Score Chaldrons at the lead of the Coals contained in such Ship or other Vessel shall have been so entered with the Clerk of the said Market, in Manner herein directed.

XXXV.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when any Ship or Vessel laden with Coals shall have arrived within any Part of the said Port of London, at or to the -Weft ward of Gravesend, and such Ship or Vessel shall, after (lie shall have arrived as aforei'aid, happen to be or become so damaged or injured as to render it prudent or necessary to remove without Delay the Coals contained in such Ship or Veifel out of such Ship or Vessel, then and in such Case nothing herein contained fiiall extend or be construed to extend so as to hinder or prevent the immediate unloading and removing the Coals with which any such Ship or Vessel shall be laden, from out ox such Ship or Vefiel into any Lighters or Barges, or other Craft, without waiting for the Appointment or Arrival of any Ship Meter, and without any Person or Persons being lubjec-t or liable to any Penalty or Penalties wliatioever for or in respect of such Rem oval of any such. Coals.

XXXVI. And -be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Meter may lawful to and for any Meter employed to admeafure or deliver, or	an

to superintend the Admeasurement or Delivery of any Coals from any such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, to appoint from Time to Time, One of the Fellowship Porters to he such Meter’s Man, or to assist such Meter in the Admeasurement or Delivery of such Coals, and from Time to Time to dismiss such Perion so appointed at hisPleasure, and to appoint any other Fellow {hip Porter to be such Meter's Man in the Room of the Person so diimiffed ; and no Person so appointed by any Meter to be such Meter’s Man, or to assist such Meter in the Delivery of the Coals from any such Ship or Vessel, shall be entitled to any Pay or Wages or Allowance ior any Detention, or to any other Benefit under this Act, except such Person shall be one of the Persons called Fellowship Porters ; and that every such Ferfon so to be appointed Meter’s Man, or Aiful ant to any such Meter, shall (provided lie be a Fellowship Porter, but not otherwise) have and be entitled to receive and be paid by the Undertaker of any such Ship or Vessel, or by the Maker or Owner (where no Undertaker shall be employed) the same Wages or Sum of Three Shillings for every Twenty Chaldrons of Coals admeafured and delivered, and fnall have and be entitled to receive and be paid by the Maker or Owner of any such Ship or Vessel, the same Sum or Allowance per Day for Detention Money, and shall also have and be entitled to receive and be paid all such other Emoluments as shall or ought to be paid, awarded, or allowed to any Coal-heaver or Whipper employed together with such Meter’s Man in the Delivery of any such Ship or VciTel ; and that such Undertaker shall have and be entitled to charge and receive, and be paid and allowed the same Profit or Allowance arid Emolument upon and in respect of such Meter’s Man, as shall or ought to be paid or allowed to such Undertaker

Assistant out of the Fellowship Pollers.

Meters and

Coni heavers if unnecelT.irily dc-rnmed on bail'd a Ship, shall be entitled to Detention Money.

Money paid by Ship Matter or Owner for any Detention

taker upon or for any Coal-heaver or Whipper paid and employed by inch Undertaker together with such Meter's Man.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Meter, Meters Man, Coal-heaver, or Whipper, shall, by reason of the Delivery of a less Quantity of Coals than at the Rate of Forty-two Chaldrons a Day, from the Appointment of such Meter to deliver such Ship or Vessel, be detained on board any Ship or Vessel by realon of the Whole of the Coals not being delivered thereout, over or beyond inch Number of Days as the Whole of the Cargo thereof would have been delivered in, fuppoiing such Coals had been delivered at the Rate of Forty-two Chaldrons a Day, then and in such Case the Maher or Owner of every such Ship or other Vessel, shall pay to every Inch Meter, Meter's Man, Coal-whipper, or Heaver, iuch Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Seven Shillings per Day, as or by Way of Detention Money for every Day that such Ship or Vessel shall have been detained beyond such Number of Days as afore-fcjch as any One or more of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the City of London, or Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Kent, or Surrey 9 according to the .Turildiciion, shall award, on the Application of such Meter, Meter's Men, Coal-heaver, or Whipper, over and above all Colts and A; pen cos of iuch Application, provided that it shall appear to lush Justice or indices that inch Detention did not arise from the Dcdauli of the Meter, M-cter’s Man, Coal-whipper, or Coal-heaver respectively ; and every such Application to any such Justice or Justices shall be made by such Meter, Meter's Man, Coal-heaver, or Whipper, within Three Days next after the Day on which the Delivery of the ’Whole of the Cargo of such Ship or Veifel shall have been completed ; and if the Sum or Sums of Money which shall, upon any such Application, be awarded by such Justice or Justices to be paid as De. tention Money, for or on account of any such Detention and Costs by any such Ship-matter or Owner, to any such Meter, Meter's Man, Coal-heaver, or Whipper, shall not be immediately paid accordingly, such Sum or Sums shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Shipmaster or Owner, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice or Justices ; and the Overplus of the Money, if any, railed by iuch Diilrefs and Sale, (deducting the Money so awarded and ordered to be paid, and the Costs and Charges of making inch Distress and Sale), shall be rendered to the Owner of the Goods and Chattels so dill mined ; and for Want of Distress, and in case the Money so awarded and ordered to be paid shall not be immediately paid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices to commit such Mailer or Owner to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the City or Place for which such Justice shall act, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Term not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Sum or Sums, and all reasonable Costs attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid ; and every such Award, Order, and Proceeding of any such Justice or Justices shall be final, binding, and conelusive; and no such Proceedings shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Pro,cels whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Wejlmirjler, or elsewhere.

XXXVIIL Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when any Sum or Sums of Money shall be directed by any such Justice or Justices of the Peace to be paid by any Shipmalter or Owner to any

such

C.lxviit.

A*D. 1807.	470	GEO.	III.	Self.	2.

509

such. Meter, Meter’s Man, Coal-heaver, or Whip per, as and by. way cccafioned by of Detention Money , for any Detention which shall have been occa- rhc Default of fioned by, or have arisen from the Conduct of any Coal Buyer or ^11^',.^ Buyers, or his, her, or their Agent or Agents, or for any Costs by Coal Buyer, attending the Application for any such Detention Money ; and such Sum or Sums of Money ./hall have been paid accordingly, then and in every such Case, such Coal Buyer or Buyers shall repay, or cause to be repaid to filch Shipmafier or Owner, such Sum or Sums as such Shipmafier or Owner shall, in confeqnence of any such Direction,

, have paid unto any such Meter, Meter’s Man, Coal-heaver, or Whip-per, for any Detention so occanoned by such Coal Buyer or Buyers, or his, her, or their Agent or Agepts, and for any such Cods ; and in case of any Neglect or Refusal in such Coal Buyer or Buyers, his, her, or their Agent or Agents, to make such Repayment, it shall and may be lawful to and for any One or more of -His Majesty’s Justices of .the Peace for the City of London, or Counties of Middle-sex, Essex, Kent, or Surrey, according to the Jurifditiion, on the Application of such Shipmafier or Owner, to order such Coal Buyer to repay to such Shipmafier or Owner, any such Sum or Sums, or any Part or Parts thereof, which shall have been paid by such Shipmafier-or Owner, to such Meter, Meter’s Man, Coal-heavers, or Whippere, in pursuance of the Direction of such Justice or Juslices, for any such Detention and Costs, provided such Detention shall appear to such Justice or Justices to have been occasioned by, or to have arisen from the Default of such Coal Buyer or Buyeis, or his, her, or their Agent or Agents p and every such Application to any such Justice or Justices shall be made by such Shipmafier or Owner within Ten Days next after any such Detention Money and Costs shall have been awarded and paid by such Shipmafier or Owner; and if the Sum or Sums of Money which shall, upon any such Application, be ordered by such Justice or Justices to be repaid to such Shipmafier or Owner by such Coal Buyer or Coal Buyers, shall not be immediately repaid accordingly, such Sum or Sums shall be levied by Dili refs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Coal Buyer or Buyers, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice or Juslices, and the Overplus of the Money {if any) raised by such Distress and Sale, (deducing the Money so ordered to be repaid, and the Costs and Charges of making such Distress and Sale), lha.ll be rendered to the Owner of the Goods and Chattels so dillrained ; and for want of Distress, and in case the Money so ordered to be repaid shall not be accordingly immediately repaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Juslices, to commit such Coal Buyer or Buyers to the common Gaol or House pf Correction for the City or Place for which such Justice or Justices shall act, there to remain, 'without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Sum or Sums, and all reasonable Costs attending the Recovery thereof, shall be foc-ner paid.

XXXIX.	Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That Coni Buyerft all 'no Coal Buyer or Buyers shall be subject or liable to the Payment Detection Money of any Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever as Detention Money, for except in confc-or in respect of the Detention of any such Meter, Meter’s. Man, quenceofhis Coal-heaver, or Coal-heavers, on the Day, on'which a Meter shall ovvnACt. be appointed to any such Ship or Vessel, unlels such Meter, Meter’s " Man, Coal-heaver or Coahheavers respectively, shall be re quelled by.

Reh

5l°

C Ixv

47° GEO. III. Sefl'. i.

A. D. 1807.

Coal Buyers or Mailer or Owner re:'pccriv<?ly may appeal to Scftions again it the Pecifionor the J uftite.

Ship Maiters lbali not bring Actions a gain ft Coal Buyers, to recoverDeiention Money.

No Person shall follow the Trade or a Caa)Undertake r without <> Cfcencc from the Coui t of A1 tie mien.

fnch Cora Buyer or Buyers, or his or their Agents, to attend, and shall actually attend in consequence of fuch' Requell on board fticK Ship or Velfel during that Day ; any Thing herein contained to the' contrary notwithstanding.

Z^L. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That if any such Coal Buyer or Buyers, who shall be diffatisfied' with or feel h-imlelf or themselves aggrieved by afry such lad mentioned Order of any such Justice or Indices for the Repayment of any such Sum or Sums to' such Shipowner or Master, or if any such Shipowner or Mailer shall be dissatisfied with or feel himself aggrieved by the Determination, of any such justice or Indices, who shall, on any,such lad-mentioned' Application think proper to decline making any Order for any Inch Repayment, it final! and may be lawful to and for any such Coal Buyer or Buyers, or Master or Owner respectively, to appeal to the Judices of the Peace assembled at the next General Quarter Semens or General Sessions to be holden for the County, City, or Place, where such Order for Repayment shall be made, or refused to be made, on giving immediate Notice of such Appeal, and finding fuiTicient Security to the Satisfaction of such ludice orluftices (making; or declining to make such Order) for profecating the said Appeal with Efsect, and for abiding the Determination of the Court therein ; and such ludices in such General Quarter Sessions or General Seifons, shall hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal, and may either confirm or annul the said Order or Determi nation or may make such other Order or Determination in the Matter of such Appeal,and award such Colls to either Party as to them the said luilices shall seem just and realonable ; and the Decision of the said Jullices therein shall be final, binding, and conclusive ; and no such Proceedings shall be qnafhed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed by Certiorari,• or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Wcjlminjler or elsewhere, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XLI. Provided alio, and be it further enabled, That no Aflion, Suit, or other Proceeding whatsoever, shall be commenced or .pro-* fe-cuted by any such Ship-owner or Master again ft any fucli Coal Buyer or Buyers, in any of His Ma jelly’s Courts of Record at IVeJl-minjler, or in any other Court or Courts of Law or Equity, for the Recovery of, or otherwise respecting any Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been paid by any such Ship-owner or iVjhfter respectively, for any such Detention or Costs as aforesaid.-

XLII. And be it further enacted, That no Person whosoever shall carry on, or exercise or follow the Trade, Business or Employ of a Coal Undertaker, or of providing Coal-heavers or Whippers for unloading Coals from any Ship or Vefiel within the said Port of Lon* Con, unie'fs he or fine shall have previously obtained a Licence to carry on such Business from the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of Linckn, which Ccm*t is hereby 'authorized to grant such Licence to such Person or Persons as shall at the Time of soliciting the same, produce before such Court a Recommendation, signed by Two of His Majesty,s Jullices of the Peace, acting as such, for the Ciiy, County, Town, or Place, in which such Person or Persons reside ; and every Person so licensed, shall pay for his or her l icence the Sum of Twenty Shillings, and no more ; and every such Licence shall be granted for, and remain in force for the Term of One Year,

•	3

Hosted by

C.lxviii.

A.D.i 807.

47° GEO. III. Seff. 2.

Sit

to be computed from the Day of the Date thereof, and no longer ; and the Christian and Surnames, and the Place of Abode of every Person so licc-nfed, shall within Twenty-four Hours after the granting* such respective L’cences, be correctly entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose at the Mansion Ho life of the City of London ; and such Book shall at all suitable Times be open for Inspection, gratis, of any Person or Persons whatsoever applying to inlpedl the lame ; and all and every Person or Persons, who shall carry on,* exercise, or follow the said Trade of a Coal Undertaker, without having obtained such Licence, and procured the same to be entered as aforesaid, or who shall carry on, exercise, or follow such Trade for any longer or other Term than shall be expressed in any such Licence so obtained, and procured to be entered as aforesaid, shall, for every Coal-heaver or Whipper so provided by him or her, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pound.0, and the Whole of such Penalty shall go to the Informer.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if Lord Mayor or Complaint shall be made to the said Lord Mayor, or to the Sitting SittmgAldcrmen Alderman or Aldermen for the Time being of the said City of London, m^y(ufPeild» of or relating to the Conduct of any such licensed Coal Undertaker Aider awn °ni.»y in his ar her said Trade or Bulinefs, the said Mayor or Sitting Al- eral'e the N.une derman or Aldermen shall and may cause him or her to be brought of, any Coal before him or them, and if upon hearing the said Complaint, it shall Undertaker appear to the said Mayor or Sitting Alderman or Aldermen, that the said Coal Undertaker (hail have aflcd corruptly or improperly, or have offended in any Manner against the Provilions or true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor or Sitting Alderman or Aldermen to suspend such Coal Undertaker from carrying on his or her Trade or Business of Undertaker, until the holding or fitting of the then next Court of the said Lord Mayor and Aldermen ; and if upon such Complaint being brought and heard before the said Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen, at inch their then next Sitting, it shall appear to the said Court that such Coal Undertaker shall have acted corruptly or improperly, or have offended in Manner aforesaid, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen to cause the Name of such Coal Undertaker to be erased from the said Book of licensed Coal Undertakers ; and if any such Undertaker shall, either during such Time for which he or she shall be so suspended, or after the Time of such Erasure of his or her Name being so made from such Book, carry on, exercise, or follow the said Trade of a Coal Undertaker, every such Person so offending shall, for every Coal-heaver provided by him or her either during the Interval of such Sufpension, or subsequently to such Erasure, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and the Whole of such Penalty shall g*o to the Informer.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Coal Undertaker, Oath of Coil or other Person providing any Coal heaver or Coal-heavers for the Undertaker. Purpose of unloading Coals from any Ship or other VefTel within the said Port of London. shall provide any such Coal-heaver or Coal-heavers, without having first. taken before the Lord Mayor, or One of the Aldermen of the City ot London, the Oath following (which they are hereby empowered to administer); that is to fa^*,

4 T A.B. do swear, That I will well and truly exercise the Business 4 or Employ of a Coal Undertaker or Provider of Coal-heavers,

4 and

C.lxviii.

47° GEO. III. Setr.2.

A.D.1807.

Penalty on

Victual let s acting as Coal Uivclc 1 lakers.

Siiovc'is and other Implements for the mi loading of Cu.at Ships (hall] ft- provided l»y cS.t Ship-MdHer.

Pay or Wages cf Undo takers, Coal-heavers, and Meter’s Men,

c and so long as I shall continue to exercise that Bufmess, I will in c all Things conform myself to the Directions of an Act of JParlia-

*	ment, made in the Forty-feventh Year of the Reign of King George i theThird, intituled, An Act for'‘'repealing the fevered Ads for regulat-

*	tng the Vend and Delivery of Coals within the Cities of London and e Westminster, and Liberties thereof and in certain Parts of the Conn-‘ ties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent, and Essex, and for making better < Provision for the same.'

Every Inch Coal Undertaker, or other Person as aforesaid, shall, for every such Coal-heaver so provided by him, her, or them, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, and the Whole of such Penalty shall go to the Informer.

XLV. provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any licensed Victualler, Alehoufekfceper, or Innkeeper, concerned or in-terested, directly or indirectly, either ip his or her own Name, or in the Name or Names of any other Person or Persons whomsoever, or by way of Partnership or Agreement, to receive any Part of the Profts of such Trade or Trades, shall, directly or indirectly, exercise the Bufmefs or Employ of a Coal Undertaker, or of providing any Coal-heaver or Coal-heavers, or any Shovels, Balkets, or other Implements for unloading any Coals from any Ship or other Vessel within the said Port of London, every such Vidualler, Alehousekeeper, or Innkeeper shall, for every such Coal-heaver, Shovel, Basket or other Implement provided by him or her, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, and the Whole of such Penalty shall go to the Informer.

XLVI. And be it further enacted. That the Mafler, or Owner or Owners of every Ship or Vessel from which any Coals shall be unloaded or delivered within the said Port of London shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to provide and find, at his and their own Expence, all such Shovels, Baskets, and other Implements, as shall be requisite and proper for the Unloading or Delivery of the Coals from "any such Ship or Vessel; and no such Shovel, Basket, or other Implement, shall be let out for hire by or to any Person or Persons whomsoever, save and except by a licensed Coal Undertaker or Undertakers, to any such Shipmafter or Owner, Mailers or Owners, his or their Agent or Agents, who shall employ such Coal Undertaker or Undertakers ; and if any Person or Persons whosoever, not being a Coal Undertaker or Undertakers duly licensed as aforesaid, shall let out to hire 'any Shovel or Shovel*, Basket or Balkets, or other Implement or Implements, for the-unloading of any such Ship or Vessel, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, or if any licensed Coal Undertaker shall let out to hire any Shovel or Shovels, Basket or Balkets, or other Implement or Implements for the Unloading or Delivery of any such Ship or Vessel to any Person or Persons /whomsoever, save and except to the Master or Owner of any such Ship, or to his Agent or Agents, every fueli Person so offending shall, for every such Shovel, Basket, or other Implement so let out, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That every Coal Undertaker shall receive and have from the Master, or Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel in the Port of London, for every Chaldron of Coals, delivered by the Coal-heavers by him or her provided for that Purpose, the Sum of One Penny, in full Compensation for his or her Trouble ;

and

Hosted by

C. Ixviii.

5r3

and that the several Coal-heavers and Meter’s Men shall be entitled to and receive from the Undertaker, or from the Mailer when no Undertaker is emploved, for every Twenty Chaldrons of Coals by them delivered;, the Sum of Three Shillings each, in full for their respective Wages or Pay.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That it shall Court of and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London from Time to Time to increase vVages of Coal the several Sums payable to the Coal Undertakers, and'alfo the Wages Undertakers, or Hire payable for Labour to the Ship Coal Meters, Meters’ Men, &c. and Coal-heavers respectively, and from Time to Time to reduce the same, when it shall appear reasonable and equitable to them so to do ; and if any such Shipmafter or Owner, or his Agent or Agents, or any otherPerfon or Persons whosoever, shall pay or cause to be paid to any such Coal Undertaker, or if any such Master, Owner, Undertaker, or any other Person or Persons whosoever, shall pay or cause to be paid to any such Coal-heaver, Ship Coal Meter, or Meter’s Man, any greater or less Sum, or at or after any greater or less Rate than is hereby or may be hereafter so settled or appointed by the said Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen, to be paid or payable to such Undertakers, Meters, Meters’ Men, or Coal-heavers respectively, every such Maher, Undertaker, or other Person so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds.

XLIX. And be it further enabled, That the Hire and Wages of How the Wages Coal-heavers or Whippers, and Meters’ Men, shall be really and bond of Coal-heavers jide paid by the Mailers or Owners of Ships, or their Agents, to the be PaicJ* Undertaker when any Undertaker shall be employed ; and such Undertaker shall pay and divide, or cause to be paid and divided, such Hire and Wages so received by him for that Purpose, among the said Meters’ Men and Coalheavers or Whippers ; and when no Undertaker shall be emploved, then filch Mailers or Owners respectively shall pay or divide such Hire or. Wages, really and bond jide, unto or among such Meters’ Men and Coal-heavers refpe£lively ; and if any such Mailer or Owner shall pay, or if any such Undertaker shall pay or cause to be paid to any such Coal-heaver or Meter’s Man, such Wages or Pay, or any Part thereof, by way of Barter or Exchange, in any Coals, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Meat, Drink, Lodging or Materials for Wearing Apparel, or with any other Matter or Thing whatsoever, other than Current Money, or shall make any Deduction or Abatement from or out of such Wages or Pay, under Pretence of furnishing Baskets, Shovels, or other Implements ufedinthe unloading of Coals, or for or under any other Pretence whatsoever, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, and the Whole of such Penalty shall go to the Informer.

L And be it further enabled, That-the Undertaker shall pay, or Coal-heavers cause to be paid the Hire and Wages of the Coal-heaver or Coal-heavers th all nor be paid employed by him, unto and amongll all such Coal-heavers, at his Ac- their Wages at counting House, or other convenient Place far that Purpose ; and ^ Alehouse, sphere no Undertaker is emploved, the Shipmafter or Owner shall himself pay and divide the same equally amongst the Coal-heavers, on board the Ship or Vessel in which they shall have been employed ; and if any such Master or Owner where no Undertaker is employed shall pay or if any such Undertaker shall pay or cause to be paid 4? Geo. III.	L1	to

Hosted by

S!4

C.Ixviii.

47° GEO. III. Self 2.

A.D.1807

XJndei tikrrs Shall, during the Time of rhe Snip', Delivery, advance ro Cod-hcaveis requeuing the lame, One Half of the Wages' then earned by such Cual-hcaveis.

TJn dertakers iln a 11 pay We Coal lira ves s in full witl.m a limited Tnne after each Slop’s Delia cry.

Cndertnkrrs niay deduct the Money i’o a&wiucta wiiej 1

to any such Coal-heaver any such Hire or Wages, or any Part thereof, at any Ale House, Victualling House, or Inn, or in any other Description of Place than as aforesaid, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LI. And be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons who shall be employed as the Undertaker or Undertakers for the Delivery or Unloading of Coals from any Ship or Vessel within the said Port of London, shall, and such Coal Undertaker or Undertakers is and are hereby direCted and required from Time to Time, during the Time of the Delivery-of such Ship or Vessel, to advance to all or tiny of the respective Coal-heavers or Whippers employed by such Undertaker or Undertakers in the Delivery of such Ship or Vessel, who shall requeil the same, One Half of the Wages already earned by and then due to any of such respective Coal- heavers o'r Whippers for Work done in or towards the Delivery of such Ship or Vessel previous to the making of any fuclr Request : Provided such Coal-heavers or Whippers respectively shall attend to receive the same between the Hours of Five and Seven of the Clock in the Evening.

LIT. And be it further enabled, That all and every such Coal Undertaker and Undertakers shall, and he or they is and are hereby directed and required, after the Delivery of the Cargo of Coals out of any such Ship or Vessel shall be completed, and at or before Seven of the Clock in the Evening of the Day on which such Delivery shall be finished, in case such Delivery shall be completed before Five of the Clock in the Evening, or at or before Seven of the Clock of the Evening of the next Day after the Completion of such Delivery, to pay or cause to be paid to all and every of the respective Coal-heavers or Whippers employed in the Delivery of such Ship or Vessel, who shall apply in reasonable Time, and attend to receive the lame, the Whole of the Money or Wages due or remaining due to each of such Coal-heavers and Whippers refpeCfively lo applying and attending to receive the same, for working in the Delivery of such Ship or Vessel; but whenever the Day next after the Day on which the Delivery of any such Ship or Vessel shall be fmished, shall happen to be a Sunday, Good Friday, Chrijbaas Day, or a Salt Day by Proclamation, then and v: such Case the Whole of such respective Wages so due or remaning due lhail be paid by such Coal Undertaker or Coal Undertakers to all and every such reipedlive Coal-heavers or Whippers who shall apply in reasonable Time and attend to receive the same, at or bemre Nine of the Clock of the Day on which such Delivery shall be completed, whether such Delivery shall be idnifired at or before Five of the Clock in the Evening on such Day or not; and if any such Coal Undertaker or Unde, takers shall not, at or before such Time or re-fpedfive Times as oerein-before for that Purpose appointed, according to the ieverai Cases herein-before toccified, pay or cause to be paid to any such Coal-heaver or Wh pper, who shall apply in a reasonable Time anti attend to receive the la ne, the Whole of such Money or Wages due or remaining due to iuch Coal-heaver or Whipper as aforesaid. every such Coal Undertaker so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

LI 11. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained fit all extend or cw construed to extend so as to hinder or prevent any such Coal Undertaker or Undertakers from deducting any Money

which

5*5

,A.D. 1807.

47

GEO. III. Self. %.

C. IxviiU

which shall be so advanced by him, her, or them, daring the Time they finally of the Delivery of any finch Ship or Vessel, to any such Loal-heaver havers* or Whipp^r, or respective Coal-heavers or Whippers, in Part of his or their relpe&ive Wages, when such Undertaker or Undertakers shall finally fettle with and pay oft any such Coal-heaver or Whipper, or Coal-heavers or Whippers reipedtively, after the De4ivery of such Ship or VefTel shall have been completed.

L1V. And be it further enabled, That if any Undertaker "or Basket Man, or any Publican to whose House Coal-heavers may re- nor m uterTtalce fort, or any Person or Persons on his, her, or their Behalf, shall give Jny Reward for or grant, or promise to give or grant any Money, or other Gift or Re- giving any ward, to any Maker or Makers, Owner or Owners of any Ship or *Jleference toany VefTel Lden with Coals in the Port of London, for any Permission or J^1 Co^l-heavcfi Privilege to procure Coal-heavers, or for the said Maker or Makers,

Owner or Owners, to employ any particular Coal Undertaker, or Gang or Gangs of Coal-heavers, for the unloading any such Ship or VefTel, or if any such Maker or Makers, Owner or Owners, shall take or receive any such Money, or other Gift or Reward, for any such Purpose, from such Undertaker, Basket Man, Publican, or other Person or Persons, on his, her, or their Behalf, every such Maker,

Owner, Undertaker, Basket Man, Publican, or other Person, so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LV. And be it further enadfed, That each and every Meter fuper- Ship Meters intending the Admeasurement or Delivery of any Coals from any Ship ^al,>'ve or other VefTel into any Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft, shall, and he ^ r^^^tes and they is and are hereby required to give and deliver to the Lighter- delivered int<$ man or other Person having the Care or Management of the Ligliter, -ea.h Lighter. Barge, or other Craft into which the Coals from such Ship or other VefTel shall be admeafured or delivered, before such Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft shall quit such Ship or other VefTel, a Certificate or Certificates of the Quantity of Coals admeafured or delivered into such Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft; and each and every Certificate shall be numbered, beginning with Number One for the Firk Certificate delivered, and so on in an arithmetical Progvefiion afeending, whereof the common Excess or Difference shall be always One, until the whole Cargo of Coals contained in such Ship or other VefTel shall be delivered ; and every such Certificate shall be witnessed by the Maker or Mate of ^.uch Ship or other VefTel, and kiall be made in the following Form ;

Number \_here insert the Number of the Certificate.\

9 T	do	hereby	certify, That I have delivered from on board

9 A the [here insert the Name of the Ship or other Veffiel, and also the 9 Masters Chrijtian and Surname] Maker, from [here insert the Name 9 of the P ort where the Coals were put on board~\ of [here insert the Name 9 by which) the Coals are knownJ Coals [here insert the Number of 9 Chaldrons] Chaldrons, in the Room, [or, Rooms, if more than One]

9 NJ [here specify the Number of the Room> reckoning from the Head to 9 the Stern] of the Lighter [or. Barge, or other Craft] called the [here 9 insert the Name of the Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft] Number T here 9 insert the Number of the Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft, and the Name ( of the Lighterman] Lighterman, on account of [here insert the Name

L 1 2	4 of

,

Hosted by '

5*6

C.lxviii.

47°“GEO. III. Seff. 2.

A.D. iSo7-

Lightermen shall deliver fuel* Certificate to the Wharfinger.

1 of the Buyer of the Coals, or the P erf on for whose Use fuel: Coals are c delivered, as shall he required.]	A. B. Meter.

*	‘ Witness C. D. Master, \_or, Mate.]

* Port of London [here insert the Day of the Month, and the Month and Tear in whichfuch Coals were delivered.]*

And in case such Coals shall be fold by Weight, the Word Tons shall be inserted in such Certificate or Certificates, in lieu of theWord Chat-drons; and in the making out such Certificate or Certificates,no Figure shall be made use of, but each and every Word shall be legibly written at Length (fave and except the Date of the Year, which may be written in Figures) ; and every such Lighterman, or other Person having the Care or Management of such Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft, shall, upon the Delivery of such Certificate, pay to the Meter or other Person superintending the Delivery of such Coals, the Sum of Three-pence for each and every such Certificate ; and if any Meter or other Person superintending the Admeasurement or Delivery of such Coals, shall refuse or neglect to give or deliver such Certificate, signed with hip own Name, and in his own HandWriting, and drawn in Manner aforesaid, tb the Person or Persons having the Care or Management of such Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft, or shall wilfully give or deliver the same with a wrong or false Number of the Certificate inserted therein, or with a wrong or false Name of the Ship or other Vessel, or of the Master, or of the Port where the Coals were put on board such Ship or other Vessel, or of the Name or Names, Sort or Sorts of the Coals, or with a wrong or false Account of the Quantity of Coals admeafured or delivered into any Room of such Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft, inserted therein, or with a wrong or false Name or Names of the Lighterman, or of the Buyer or other Person for whose Use such Coals are delivered, or with a wrong or false Month or Date thereof, or of the Year, or without the Signature of such Master or Mate thereto, or make use of any Fraud, Covin, or Device, by which the same fiiall be wrong or false ; or if any such Master or Mate shall refuse or neglect to sign any such Certificate when true and accurate, or shall sign any such Certificate, knowing the Whole or any Part or Parts thereof to be wrong or false, or if any such Lighterman, or other Person having the Care or Management of such Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft, mail not wait a reasonable Time after the Coals shall have been so admeafured or delivered for the Purpose of receiving such Certificate or Certificates, or shall refuse or neglect to receive the same, or shall, on the Delivery of every such Certificate, refuse or neg-le6t to pay the Meter or other Person superintending the Admeasurement “or Delivery of such Coals the aforesaid Sum of Three-pence for each and every such Certificate, then and in every such Case, every iuch Meter or other Person superintending the Admeasurement or Delivery of such Coals so offending, and eveiy such Master or Mate so offending, and each and every such Lighterman or other Person having the Care or Management of fuchLigliter, Barge, or other Craft, so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That each and every Lighterman, or other Person having the Care or Management of any Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft laden with Coals, in the said Port of London, shall, and he is hereby required to deliver gratis, before any Part of the said Coals fiiall be taken out of any such Ligliter, Barge, or

other

Hosted by

C. lxviii

5'1

other Craft, to the Holder or Holders of the Wharf or other Landing Place where such Coals are intended to be delivered, or to his, her, or their Servant, the Certificate of the Quantity of Coals measured or weighed into such Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft, and herein directed to be given to such Lighterman or other Person by the Meter admea-furing or weighing the Coals from any Ship or other Vefiel in the said Port of London^ into such Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft, for the Inspection of all those Persons who may be interested in the Purchase or Delivery of such Coals; and if any such Lighterman or other Person having the Care or Management of any such Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft, to whom any such Certificate shall have been delivered by fusil Ship Meter, shall refuse or negledf to deliver the same in Manner aforesaid to such Wharfinger or Holder of such Wharf or other Landing Place, such Lighterman or other Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds ; or if any Holder or Holders of a Wharf or other Landing Place,

Wharfinger or Wharfingers, to whom such Certificate shall have been delivered, shall refuse or neglect to permit any Person concerned in the Purchase or Delivery of such Coals at all reasonable Times to infpedf inch Certificate, every such Holder or Holders of a Wharf or other Landing Place, Wharfinger or Wharfingers, so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding T.venty Pounds ; or if any such Lighterman, Holder of the Wharf, or other Person, shall wilfully erase, deface, alter, or destroy such Certificate, or be aiding or assisting therein, or permit or suffer the same to be done, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

LVll. And be it further enabled, That each and every such Meter Ship Merer* admeafuring or weighing, or attending the Admeasurement or Weigh- ^a11 ^peP ing of any Coals from any Ship or other Vefiel within the said Port of Q^^jeiUcred* London, into any Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft, or on any Quay or by tbcmj Landing Place, shall keep a Book or Books, and shall enter therein the Name of the Ship or other Vefiel, and the several Quantities of Coals delivered by him or them from such Ship or other Vefiel, together with the Day of the Month and Year on which such several Quantities shall have been delivered, and the Name and Number or Numbers marked or described on the Lighter or Ligliters, Barge or Barges, or other Craft, and the several Quantities of Coals delivered into each Room or Division of such respective Ligliter, Barge, or Craft, or the Name of the Quay or Landing Place into or upon which such Coals have been delivered ; and such Entry or Entries shall, when all the Coals contained in such Ship or other Vefiel shall have been delivered, be signed by such Meter or Meters, and witnefied by the Mafieror other Person having the Care or Charge of such Ship or other Vefiel; and such Meter or Meters shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to deliver, orcaufe to be delivered, gratis, a Copy of and deliver same the respective Entries from such Book or Books to the Clerk of the t0 Clerk, of th«j said Market, with the Factor or Fa&ors Name or Names inferibed MarlceU thereon, within Twenty-four Hours after the unloading thereof of Coals ; and every such Clerk is hereby required to receive and preserve ' all such Copies of the Entries contained in such Book or Books ; and if any such Meter shall make a false Entry or Entries in such Book or Books of the Name of such Ship or other Vefiel, or of the Quantity of Coals delivered thereout, or of the Day, or Month, or Year, or of

L1 3	the

5iS	C.lxviii.	47®	GEO.	III.	Seff.2.	A.D,	1807.

the Name or Names, of Number or Numbers, of the Lighter or Ligliters, Barge or Barges, or other Cratt, or of the several Quantities of Coals delivered into each Room or Division of each respective Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft, or of the Name of any Quay or Landing Place into or upon which the Coals from such Ship or other Vessel shall have been delivered, or (hah not deliverer cause to be delivered such Copies of the Entries contained in such Book or Books to such Clerk within the Time aforesaid, or if the Mailer or other Person having the Care or Charge of such Ship or other Vessel shall refuse or neglebt to witness such Entry or Entries, when true and correct, or shall knowingly witness any such false Entry or Entries, or if any. such Clerk shall refuse or neglect to receive and preserve such Entry or Entries, Book or Books, or shall refuse or not permit the Inspection or Perusal thereof to any Person or Persons whomsoever on Demand, at any Time or Times during such Days and Hours as such Market shall be kept open, every such Person so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds. ’Penalty for	LV1IL	And	be it further enacted, That if any Ship Owner or

Vat from&being Owners, Matter or Matters, Mate or Mates, Coal Undertaker or Unfilled according dertakers. Buyer or Buyers of Coals, or his or their Agents, or any io the Dire<ftions Coal-heaver or Winpper, or any other Person or Persons whosoever, of the Meter. shall, dircdlly or indirectly, in any Manner prevent or attempt to prevent any Meter, who fit all be engaged in the Admeasurement or Delivery, or in superintending the Admeasurement or Delivery of any Coals from any Ship or Vessel within the said Port of London, from having the Vat or other Measure filled according to the Directions of such Meter employed in the Admeasurement or Delivery of such Coals from on board such Ship or Vessel, every such Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

Spout or Stage I.IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Stage i.g (hooting 0r gpQ^ by which any Coals shall be shot from any such Ship or Vessel within the Port of London, into any Ligliter, Barge, or other provided by' Craft, shall be provided by the Mailer or Owner of such Ship or Matter or	Veffel,	and	that	every	fuch	Stage	or	Spout	ufed	for such Purpose,

Owner:	_	and so to be provided as aforesaid, shall be of not less than the

Its Dunenfions, refpe£fcjve Dimensions following ; that is to say, Five Feet Six Inches wide at the Top, Four Feet Six Inches wide at the Bottom, and Ten Inches high at the Sides, and of a proper Length, as the Case may require : and if any such Matter or Owner shall negleCl to provide for his Ship or Vessel such Stage or Spout, of such respective Dimensions as aforesaid, or shall not use or cause to be used such Stage or Spout when it shall be necessary or proper to use such Stage or Spout for the {hooting or delivering of any Coals from any such Ship or Vessel into any Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft, within the said Port of London, then and in every such Case every such Matter or Owner so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds,

LX* And be it further enabled, That when the Whole of the Cargo pf Coals contained in any such Ship or Vessel shall be purchased by find fold in Shares to different Buyers in the said Market, or their Clerks or Agents, who fhall’ have been lawfully authorized as aforesaid, and who shall have previously delivered in such Authority in Writing to the Clerk of the said Market as aforesaid,, on the Behalf of

any

When a C.irgo of Coals is fold to d)ffi-lent Buyers how to “be delivered.

C. Ixviii.

519

any such different Buyers respectively, then and in such Case such different Buyers or their Clerks or Agents so authorized, and who shall have delivered in such Paper to the Clerk of the said Market as aforesaid, shall, and he and they is and are hereby refpeciively required within One Hour after the Close of the Market on the Day when such Purchase shall be made, to sign an Agreement specifying the Turns in which each of such different Buyers is to receive his parti ular Share of such Cargo, and which Agreement Snail.also be aftelied and fub-fcribed with the Name of the Factor or Factors, or Seller or Sellers of such Coals, as the Witness or Witnesses thereto, and such Fadlof or Factors, Seller or Sellers ot such Coals, shall deliver in, or cause to be delivered in, at the Sea Coal Meter’s Office, such Agreement when so signed and subscribed, at or before Three of the Clock in the Afternoon of the Day on which such Cargo shall be purchased ; and the Principal Clerk for the Time being of iuch Office shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, such Agreement to the Ship Meter who shall be appointed to measure or superintend the Admeasurement and Delivery of such Cargo, and such Meter shall, immediately upon his Arrival on board inch Ship or Vessel, deliver iuch Agreement to the Mailer or Mate of iuch Ship or VeiTel ; and each of iuch ref,.edtive Buyers shall be entitled to have, and shall have, the several Quantities of Coals purchased by or on the Behalf of such Buyers respectively, delivered to them out of such Ship or Vessel, in and according to the Turns expressed in such Agreement so delivered to such Mailer or Mate ; and when and as soon as the Delivery of iuch Cargo from on board such Ship or Vessel shall be completed, such Maker or Mate shall, and he is hereby required immediately to re-deliver or cause to be re-delivered such Agreement to such Meter, and such Meter shall, and he is hereby required within Twenty-four Hours after such Re-delivery of the same to him, to deliver or cause to be delivered such Agreement to the Clerk of the said Market, at the Office of the said Market, andfuchClerk of the said Market fnall and he is hereby required to file every such Agreement on a File or Files to be kept for that Purpose, which File shall be open for the Search or Inspection of any Person or Persons on Demand, during such Hours as the said Market shall be open ; and if any iuch Person or Persons so buying any such Share on his own Account, or the Account of himielt and his Copartner or Co-partners, or as the Clerk or Agent on the Behalf of any other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to !ign such Agreement as aforesaid, or if any such Factor or other Seller shall refuse or neglect to subscribe the same as aforesaid, or shall not deliver or cause to be delivered any inch Agreement which shall have been so signed, into the said Sea Coal Meter’s Office, at or before Three of the Clock in the Afternoon of the Day on which such Cargo shall be purchased, or if such Principal Clerk of such Office shall refuse or neglect to deliver, or cause to be delivered, such Agreement so left at such Office to such Meter so appointed to such,Ship or Vessel, or if such Meter shall refule or negiedt to deliver immediately upon his Arrival on board such Ship or Vessel such Agreement so received by him to such Maker or Mate of such Ship or Vessel, or if any such Maker or Mate, to whom such Agreement shall have been delivered, shall refuse to permit any Person or Persons applying for that Purpose, at any Time before the YV hole of the Cargo shall have been delivered, to infpedl such Agreement, which shall have been so

L 1 4	figned

Hosted by

52o

C.lxviii.

Lightermen may carry on -Parmerfhip with Coal Dealers.

47° GEO. HI. SefT.2.	AJD.1807.

figned and delivered to such Mailer or Mate, or if any such Mailer or Mate, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, shall in any Manner obllrudl, or attempt to obstruct the Admeasurement or Delivery of such Cargo in or according to such Turns, or if any such Mailer or Mate to whom any such Agreement shall have been delivered, shall not immediately after the Delivery of such Cargo from .on board such Ship or Velfel shall be completed, re-deliver or cause to be re-delivered such Agreement to such Meter, or if such Meter to whom any such Agreement shall have been so redelivered shall not, within Twenty-four Hours after the Re-delivery thereof to him, deliver or caule to be delivered such Agreement to the said Clerk of the said Market, at his Office in the said Market, or if such Clerk of the said Market shall refuse or neglect to file or cause to be hied any such Agreement on such File or Files in Manner afore said, or shall not permit any Person or Persons whomsoever, on Demand, to search for and mfpedl any such Agreement, during such Hours as aforesaid, every inch Buyer, Clerk, Agent, Factor or Seller, Maher or Mate, Meter, or other Person so offending, lliall forfeit and pay for every such Offence., any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if any Lighterman or other Person having or pretending to have, or alfuming the Care or Management of any Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft, shall, without the Consent and Perrniffion of the Buyer or Buyers, or his or their Agent whose Turn it is to load according to the aforesaid Agreement, load, or direct or suffer to be loacted, any such Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft, with any Quantity whatever of Coals from any such Ship or Velfel, out of or in Violation of the Turn or Order of Working or Delivery which shall have been agreed upon by and amonglt the different Buyers of the Cargo of such Ship or Velfel, or their respective Agents as aforesaid, every such Lighterman or other Person so having or alfuming the Management of such Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LXI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Lighterman or Lightermen, to enter into Copartnerlhip with any Woodmonger or Woodmongers, or other Person or Persons whomsoever in the Trade or Bufmefs of a Coal Dealer or Coal Dealers, and to carry on as Copartner or Copartners with such Person or Persons such Trade or Business of a Coal Dealer or Dealers, and to keep, use, and employ, as such Copartners, their own Ligliters, Barges, or other Craft, in and for the carrying of Coals to and from any such Ship or other Velfel in the River Thames, and to and from any Wharf, Dock, Creek, or other Place whatsoever, on or near the said River Thames. without being subject to any Penalty or Penalties for any such joint trading together, any Act, Statute, Bye Law, or Ordinance whatsoever to the contrary thereof in anyvvife notwithllanding : Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to authorize or empower any Lighterman or Lightermen to be or become jointly interelled with anyAVoodmonger or Woodmongers, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, (not being a Lighterman or Lightermen), in the Trade or Business of carrying in Lighters for Hire any Sort or De-feription of Goods whatloever, other than and except only such Coals as maybe lightered by them in their laid Trade of Coal Dealers.

1	LXII.	‘	And

521

LXII. ‘ And Whereas it would tend greatly to the Prevention of < Fraud, if certain particular Quantities of Coals only were permitted e to be loaded info Barges, Ligliters, or other Craft, from Ships and 6 other Vessels discharging their Cargoes of Coals in the said River ‘ Thames/ be it therefore further enacted, That if any Meter delivering Coals shall load, or permit or suffer to be loacted, from any such Ship or otherVefiel in the River Thames, into any Ligliter, Barge or other Craft, a less Quantity than Five Chaldrons and One Vat or Twenty-one Vats, or any Quantity between Five Chaldrons and One Vat or Twenty-one Vats, and Ten Chaldrons and Two Vats, or Forty-two Vats or any .Quantity between Ten Chaldrons and Two Vats or Forty-two Vats, and Fifteen Chaldrons and Three Vats or Sixty-three Vats, or any Quantity between Fifteen Chaldrons and Three Vats or Sixty-three Vats, and between Twenty-one Chaldrons or Eighty-four Vats, or otherwise so that there shall be a less Quantity than Five Chaldrons and One Vat or Twenty-one Vats, or than some Multiple ofjFive Chaldrons, and One Vat or Twenty-one Vats, in any such Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft, or in any Room or Rooms, Division or Divisions thereof, save and except for the Clearance of such Ship or other Vessel when the Cargo is reduced to a less Quantity than Five Chaldrons and One Vat or Twenty-one Vats, or if any Lighterman or other Person having the Care or Management of such Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft, shall, without the Permission or Consent of such Meter, take away his or their Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft from any such Ship or other Vessel, so as to prevent the same from being loaded with the Quantity herein directed, then and in . every such Case every such Meter so offending, and every such Lighterman or other Person so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

LXHI. Provided always, and be it enabled, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent the Shooting ©r Delivery of Coals in Bulk from any such Ship or Vessel into any partitioned or divided Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft, in case the Lighterman or other Person having the Care or Management of such Ligliter, Barge, or Craft, shall dfclire to have his Coals so loaded in Bulk : Provided nevertheless, that the Quantity of Coals so to be loaded or delivered in Bulk shall always consist: of Five Chaldrons and One Vat or Twenty-one Vats, or some Multiple of Five Chaldrons and One Vat or Twenty-one Vats, so that there shall not be any Quantity less than Five Chaldrons and One Vat or Twenty-one Vats, or than some Multiple of Five Chaldrons and One Vat or Twenty-one Vats, in any such Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft so loaded in Bulk, save and except for the Clearance of Inch Ship or Vessel when the Cargo is reduced to a less Quantity than Five Chaldrons and One Vat or Twenty-one Vats.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Meter or other Person shall (hoot or deliver, or shall permit, suffer, or cause to be (hot or delivered from any Ship or other Vessel in the Port of London, any Coals into any open dr undivided Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft, or into any Room or Division of any divided Ligliter, Barge or other Craft, containing any Coals obtained or received from any other Ship or Vessel, or from any other Ligliter, Barge, or Craft, or from any other Place whatsoever, save and except from the Ship or other Vessel from which stich Meter or other Person shall be (hooting

or

Not less than Chaldron? and one Vat or some Multiple of that Quantity, Shall be dHivtred into a-ny Barge or Room of a Barge.

0

But Coals mat be laden in Buik.

Meter shall not deliver Coals

into open Barges or into Rooms of Baiges having Coals m them before.

523

Except into empty Rooms.

In case Bruges have the Clearance of a Ship on board, Co.ds of tiie lame Sort may be put therein,

©n the Production of the Certificate from the former Ship,

Penalty on Ship Meters lor tleliveiing Certificates without measuring the Coals.

Penalty on giving Gifts to Ship Meteis,

C.lxvlii.	47°	GEO.	III.	SeiT.2.	A.D. 1807.

or delivering Coals or shall be in anywise aiding or assisting therein, then and in every such Case every such Meter, and every Inch other Person, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

LX'V. Provided always, and be it further enabled. That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to prevent or hinder the Shooting and Delivery of Coals into any empty Room or Rooms of any Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft, or into the vacant or unloaded End or Part of any open or undivided Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft.

LXVI. Provided also, and be it enabled, That as often as it shall happen that any Ligliter, Barge, or Craft, or any Room of any divided Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft, which may have been loaded by the Room, shall, by reason of its having been loaded with the Clearance of any such Ship or Vessel contain any Quantity iefs than Five Chaldrons and One Vat or Twenty-one Vats or any Quantity which shall not be some Multiple of Five Chaldrons and One Vat, or Twenty-one Vats, then and in such Case nothing herein before contained ‘fhall extend or be conffrued to extend to prevent the Shooting or Delivery from any other or different Ship or Vessel into such Ligliter, Barge, or Craft, or Room of any such Ligliter, Barge, or Craft, so containing such deficient Clearance of such former Ship, any Quantity of Coals, provided that such additional Coals be of the same Kind or Deicription of Coals as those which may have been cleared out of such first Ship, and provided the Certificate or Certificates of the Meter or Meters from the Ship from whence such Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft shall have been in Part loacted, be previously produced to the Meter on board the Ship from which such Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft shall be so filled up, and provided likewdfe that such Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft, or such Room, when so filled up, shall contain either Five Chaldrons and One Vat or Twenty-one Vats of Coals or some Multiple of Five Chaldrons and One Vat or Twenty-one Vats.

LXVIL And be it further enacted, That if any Ship Meter shall give a Certificate for the Delivery of any Parcel or Quantity of Coals, from any Ship or other Vessel, -within the said Port of London, without having duly and truly measured the same, or superintended the Admea-furement of the Whole of such Coals by- the Vat, such Meter so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

LXVIII. And be it further enabled, That if any Ship Owner or Owmers, Master or Matters, Buyer or Buyers of Coals, or any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, or any Person or Per-fons cn his, her, or their Behalf, shall give or grant, or promise to give or grant any Money, or any Coals, or any other Gift or Re-ward to any Ship Meter or Meters employed in the Admeasurement of Coals from or out of any Ship or Vessel laden with Coals, within the said Port of London, for or on account of such Meter or Meters having measured, or being about to measure, any Coals from any such Ship or Vessel for such Buyer or Buyers, Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers, or if any such Ship Meter or Meters shall take or receive any such Money, Coals, or other Gift or Reward, from any such Owner or Owners, Master or Matters, Buyer or Buyers, Vender or Venders, Dealer or Dealers, or other Person or Persons, on his, her, or their

Behalf,

Hosted by

A.D.1807.

470 GEO. in. Seff. 2.

C. lxviii.

523

merit of Con-' on b•- h^if of the Pure hater or Vender I >7 the Vat.

Behalf, then and in such Case every such. Owner, Mailer, Buyer,

Vender, Dealer, Meter, and other Person so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds : Pro- Sums specified vided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to subject or ^ render liable to the said Penalty of One hundred Pounds, any Ship deemed Gilts. Owner or Ship Owners, Mailer or Matters, Buyer or Buyers of Coals, or Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, or any Person on his, her, or their Behalf, for giving or granting, or promising to give or grant any of the several Sums of Money specified in the Schedule in this Act contained, and for the several Purposes therein mentioned ; but such several Sums in such Schedule fpecitted shall be paid and payable by the several Persons therein mentioned to such Ship Meter or Meters, any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LXIX. And be_it further enacted, That in case any Purchaser or For Remeafure-Purcbalers, Vender or Venders of Coals, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants, or other Person or Perions acting by or under the Authority of such Purchaser or Purchaiers, Vender or Venders, refpedi-ively, shall be dissatisfied with the Measure of any Coals admeafured from any Ship or other Vessel, and shall within One Hour after the Delivery of such Coals into the Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft belonging to or sent by the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, and before such Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft, shall have left the Ship or other Vessel from whence such Coals shall have been d livered, signify to the Meter on board inch Ship or other Vessel, his, her, or their Desire, to have the same remeasured, then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Purchaser or Purchasers, Vender or Venders, of such Coals, his, her, or their Servant or Servants, or other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of such Purchaser or Purchasers, or Vender or Venders, to leave, or cause a Notice to . be left in Writing, at the Sea Coal Meter’s'Office, desiring that such Coals may be remeasured, and ipecifying the Ligliter, Barge,or other Craft, containing such Coals so required to be remeasured, and where inch Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft, is then lying, and on the Receipt of such Notice, Two Deputy Meters from such Office shall forthwith attend to remeafure such Coals, and shall accordingly forthwith remea-iure such Coals by the Vat, in the Presence of'‘the Ship Meter who shall have so meaiured such Coals into such Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft, and in the Presence of the Vender or Venders, or Purchaser or Purchasers, of such Coals, his, her, or their Servant or Servants respectively, or other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of iuch Vender or Venders respectively, in case they or any of them shall attend to fee the same remeafured ; and in case the Clerk at such Sea Coal Meter’s Office shall neglect or refuse to fend such Two Deputy Meters, or in case such Two Deputy Meters shall neglect or refuse to attend within Six PTours after such Notice in Writing left as aforesaid, or to remeafure such Coals in Manner afore-said, provided the aforesaid Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft, be not taken away or removed from the Ship or Vessel from which such Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft, was loacted, then and in every such Case such Clerk, and every such Deputy Coal Meter so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds ; and for such Remeafurement the Person or Persons so requiring such Coals to be remeafured shall p ly the Coal Meters

attending

C. Ixvlii.

5H

47® GEO. III. SeiT. 2.	A,D.	1807.

Sl ip Meters .may be impended from their Offices if con v idled oi my Penalty rcr Reliveii:iy ul(c Mealisre*

attending such Remeafurement at and after the Rate of Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals so remeafured ; and the Vat for remeafuring such Coals shall be placed and affixed for the Purpose of being used for such Remeafurement at the Costs and Charges of the Person or Per-fens so desiring such Remeasurement; and in case the Coals so remeafured shall either not amount to or exceed the Quantity mentioned in the Certificate of the Ship Meter, as required by this Act, the Coal Meter who shall have measured the Coals from the Ship or other VefTel into such Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft, shall, in case such Deficiency or Excels shall exceed Pour Bulhels, and not exceed Seven Bushels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat so remeasured, forfeit and pay for every Five Chaldrons and One A7at so deficient or exceeding, the Sum of Three Pounds, and also the Expences of the placing and affixing such Vat, and all other Expences attending such Remea-iurement ; and in case such Deficiency or Ereefs, shall exceed Seven Bufnels, and not exceed Ten Bushels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat so remeasured, then and in such Case such Meter shall for every such Five Chaldron and One Vat so deficient or exceeding, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Founds, and also such Expences of fixing the said Vat, and such other Expences attending such Re-admeafurement ; and in cale such Deficiency or Excels shall amount to more than Ten Bulhels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat so remeasured, then and in such Case such Meter shall, for every such Bushel in such Five Chaldrons and One Vat so deficient or exceeding, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings, and also such Expences attending the Re-admeafurement ; such Expences to be settled and determined by the Justice or Jullices before whom the said respective Penalties may be recovered, and to be levied by Distress and Sale of the-Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice or Justices, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducting all such Expences attending such Re-admeafurement and the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to fub-]e£t or make liable any such Meter to any of the said Penalties for having given less Measure than the Quantity mentioned in the said Certificate, unless and except only where the Coals which shall be so found deficient upon Remeafurement shall have been so remeafured by the Delire of the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or his or their Agent or Agents ; nor to subject or make liable any such Meter to any of the said Penalties for having given greater Measure than the Quantity expressed in such Certificate, unless and except only where the Coals which shall be so found upon Remeafurement to exceed the Quantity mentioned in such Certificate shall have been so remeafured by the Desire of the Vender or Venders of such Coals, or his or their Agent or Agents.

LXX. Provided also, and be it further enaefed, That when upon any such Re-admeafurement taking place, any such Meter shall, for the firil Time, incur and become fubjedi to pay any such Penalty for any such Offence, in having admeafured from any such Ship or VefTel into any Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft, either a greater or less Quantity of Coals than the Quantity mentioned in the said Certificate, then and in such Case such Meter so for the first Time offending and incurring Inch Penalty, shall not be permitted to act or serve again in the Capa-

C lxviii.

A.D,1807.	470 GEO. III. Self.	2.

5*5

city or Office of Meter, unless or until he ffiall have duly paid fiich Penalty so incurred by him for such his first Offence, upon Payment whereof he ffiall be permitted to continue in, or ffiall be reffored to, his Situation in the Sea Coal Meter’s Office ; and in case any such Meter ffiall a second Time in:ur and become.fubjecl to pay any such Penalty for any such Offence, in having admeafured from any Ship or Vessel into any Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft, a greater or less Quantity of Coals than the Quantity expressed in the said Certificate, then and in such Case every such Meter so for the second Time offending, and incurring such Penalty, ffiall be suspended and incapable of afiling or serving as a Meter for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, at the Pleasure of the Principal Meters; but never-thelefs at the End or che Period for which he ffiall be io suspended, such Meter ffiall he ■ .ftored to his Situation in the Sea Coal Meter’s Office, and be permitted again to a<S: therein, provided he ffiall have duly paid such Penalty so incurred by him for fnch his second Offence; and in case any such Meter ffiall for the third Time incur and become subject to pay any such Penalty for any such Offence, in having admeafured from any such Ship or Vessel into any Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft, a greater or less Quantity of Coals than the Quantity" mentioned in the said Certificate, then and in such Case such Meter so for the Third Time offending and incurring such Penalty, ffiall be absolutely incapacitated or otherwise suspended for any Length of Time from adding in such Office or Capacity of Meter, at the Pleasure of the Principal Meters.

LXXI. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That when any When the C >nb such Coals ffiall be so remeafured by the Desire of the Vender or are reme■dyred Venders of such Coals, or his or their Agent or Agents, and upon such ^Vv^r^erand Remeafurement taking place, the Meter who ffiall have measured such tiie ML.t?r ,^an Coals ffiall be found not to have incurred any Penalty in respect of be found not to the Measure of such Coals, then and in every such Case such Vender or Have incurred a Venders, or his or their Agent or x^gents, who ffiall have delired such Pena,ty> Remeafurement on the Behalf of such Vender or Venders, ffiall, and he and they is and are hereby required to pay, or cause to be paid, to have a Com pen-the Owner or Owners of the Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft, in which fation from the such Coals ffiall have been so remeasured, such Sum or Sums of Vender from Money, not exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence per Hour, as ^ Detention of and by way of a Compensation for the Time during which such ls ler* Ligliter, Barge, or Craft, ffiall have been detained in consequence of such Remeasurement, as any One or more of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace of the City of London, or Counties of Mlddlesex, EJJex,

Kent> or Surrey, according to tin Jurildiction, ffiall award on the Application of such Owner or Owners of fnch Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft, over and above all Colls and Expences of any such Application ; and every such Application to any such Justice or Justices fha'll be made by such Owner or Owners of such Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft, within Three Days next after the Day on which such Remeafurement ffiall take place, and if theSnm or Sums of Money which ffiall, upon any such Application, be awarded by such Justice or Justices to be paid by any such Vender or Venders, or his or their said Agent or Agents, to any such Owner or Owners, by way of such Compensation for such Detention of his or their Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft, ffiall not be immediately paid accordingly, then and in every such Case, such refpefilive Sum or Sums of Money ffiall and may be levied by Did refs

and

and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Vender or Venders, or of his or their said Agent or Agents, by Warrantor Warrants under, the Hand and Seal of such Justice or Justices, and the Overplus of the Money (if any) railed by any such Distress and Sale, after deducting the Money so awarded and ordered to be paid, and the Costs and Charges of making any such Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner or Owners of the. Goods and Chattels so distrained ; and for want of Distress, and in case the Money so awarded and ordered to be paid to any such Owner or Owners of any such Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft, shall not be immediately paid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices to commit such Vender or Venders, or his or their said Agent or Agents, to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the City or Place for which such Juitice or Justices shall act, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Term not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Sum or Sums, and all reasonable Costs attending the Recovery thereof, shall be foonerpaid, and every such Award, Order, and Proceeding of any such Justice or Justices shall be final, binding, and conelusive, and no inch Proceeding shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only or be removed by Certiorari, or other Writ or Process whatsoever into any of Plis Majesty’s Courts of Record at Wejhninjler orelfewhere^

<% A A 42 G. 3. c. 89.—Principal Land Meters already appointed for iC Wejhninjler (under the Adis continued by 42 G. 3. c. lxxxix.) shall 44 continue in* their Office^ unless duly removed, See. § 72.

A A 7 G* 3* c, z(>-(continued by $6 G. 3. e. ivi.)

Principal Meters already appointed fol* London shall continue in their

LXXIII. 4 And Whereas by an A£l made in the Seventh Year of 4 the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, Jn A£t to prevent Frauds c and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals fold by Wharf Meafurey 4 within the City of London, and the lAberties thereof, and between 4 Tower Dock and LimehoufeHole in the County of Middlesex ; which 4 Act was continued with divers Alterations and Amendments by the 4 said recited Adi, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of 4 His present Majesty, until the First Day of June One thousand eight 4 hundred and twelve, and from thence to the End of the then next 4 Sefiion of Parliament, certain Persons have been from Time to Time 4 nominated and appointed as the Principal Meters or Managers of the 4 Office called by the Name of the ‘4 The Land Coal Meter’s Office (i for the City of London, and between the Tower of London and Lime-44 house Hole, in the County of Middlesex be it therefore enacted, That William Anderson of Gracechurch Street, London, John Hawkins of Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, and John Ratray of Jfington, in the same County, shall be and remain and continue, and they are hereby appointed the Principal Meters or Managers of the Land Cod Meter’s Office for the City of London, and between the Tower of London and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex, for the Purpose of admeafr.ring Coals fold by Wharf Measure within the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex, and also for other Purposes in this Adi mentioned, for and during their joint Lives (fave and except he or they shall happen to be difmifted from such Office or Offices), arid upon the Death or Dismissal of any One of them, the said William Anderson, John Hawkins, and John Ratray, the Number of Principal Meters or Managers of the said Land Coal Meter’s Office lor the City of Londoiu and between Tower Dock

%	and

CJxviii.

A.D. 1807.	470	GEO.	III.	SefID.

527

and Limehouse Iioky in the County Middlesex, shall be reduced to Two; and that in all future Times, from and after such Death or Upon the Deoth Difmiffal of any One of them, the said William Anderson, John Hera/-kins, and John Ratray, the Number of Principal Meters or Managers	**

for the said City of London and the Liberties thereof, and between London, the Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, shall be and continue to be not more Number Until be nor less than Two; and upon and from and after such Death or reduced to Two. Difmiffal of any One of them, the said William Anderson, John Hawkins and John I( at ray, the Two others, or Survivors of them, the said William Anderson, John Hawkins, and John Ratray, shall refpeifively remain and continue the Two Principal Meters or Managers for the said City of London and between the Tower of London and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex, until he or they shall die, or happen to be dismissed from such Office ; and when or in case Cxirtmf either of ,such Two others, or Survivors of them, the said William Councd'fhil! in Anderson, John Hawkins, and John Ratray, shall die, or happen to futuro ap»oinr be difmiiTed from such Office, and so from Time to Time and at all the Principal Times thereafter, when and as often as any Principal Meter for the Meters for said City of London, and between the Tower of London and JAmehoufe London*

Hole, in the said County of Mi dlesex, shall die, or be dismissed or suspended from such Office, or shall become incapable of adding in the Execution of such Office, or the Time for which any such Principal Meter or Manager shall be nominated and appointed to such Office shall expire, then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, to nominate and appoint any other Person a Principal Land Coal Meter or Manager, in the Room or Stead of every such Principal Land Coal Meter who shall die, be so dismissed or suspended, or be incapable of adiing in the Execution of his Office, or whose Time limited for the Execution of fucli his Office shall expire.

t( Principal Meters already nominated for Surrey (under 46 G. 3*

“ c. xxxii.) shall continue in Office, unless duly removed, Scc. § 74*

LXXV. And be it further enadfed, That when and as or in case any HisMijdty may Principal Land Coal Meter or Principal Land Coal Meters for the appoint Principal' City and Liberties of Westminster, and for that Part of the Duchy Eand Coal of Laticafer adjoining thereto, and for the several Parishes of Saint ^e'!>rs.so..r Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary-le-Bone, and for such Part of the upon any Parish of Saint Andrew Holhorn as lies in the County of Middlesex, Vacancy, shall die, or shall be incapable of ailing in the Execution of his or their Office or Offices, or fhsll be removed therefrom as aforesaid, or the Time limited for the Execution of such Office or Offices shall expire, it Shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to nominate or appoint any other Person as a Principal Land Coal Meter, in the Room or Stead of every fucli Principal Land Coal Meter who shall die, be so dismissed, removed, or be incapable of ailing in the Execution of his Office, or whole Time limited for the Execution of his Office shall expire, and so, toties quoties, as often as any fush Case shall happen.

LXXVI. And be it further enabled, That it shall and may be Principal Land lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex,	Mel>'rs for

or City and Liberty of Westminster, in General or Quarter Seihons a fie mb led, and they are hereby authorized and required to enquire	y

into, N.0Ut.

5 25

C. Ixviii.

47° GEO. III. Sen: 2.

A.D.1807.

Labouring Coal Meters for Westminster subject to the Control of Justices.

Land Coal Meters for City of London subject to the Lord Mayor and Aldermen.

Common Council shall appoint the Labouring Land Coal Meters for London, nut less than Forty-five in Number.

into, and hear and determine any Complaint of Fraud or Misbehaviour of the Principal Land Coal Meter or Principal Land Coal Meters for the Time being, for the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancqjler adjoining thereto, and for the said several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary-le-Bone, and for such Part of the PariJh of Saint Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of Middlesex, or any or either of such Principal Land Coal Meters, in the same Manner as they are by Law authorized to enquire into, hear, and determine Misdemeanors; and if any such Principal Land Coal Meter shall be found guilty of any Fraud, Negleet, or Misbehaviour, he shall forfeit and pay for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Succeftors, such Fine as such Court before whom such Complnnt shall be made shall think fit, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, together with such Costs as the Court shall think proper to award and direct.

LXXVII. And be it further enadfeed, That each and every Labouring Coal Meter, Deputy, Agent, or Servant of the several and respective Principal Land Coal Meters for the City and Liberty of Westminster, and for that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and for the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary-le bone, and for such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of Middlesex, shall be, and he and they is and are hereby declared to be subject to the Power, Jurisdiction, and Controul of the said Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, or for the City and Liberty of Westminster, in General or Quarter Sessions assembled, and shall and may be difmified and suspended by the said Court from the Execution and Emoluments of his or their Office or Offices, upon Complaint and Proof of any Fraud, Default, or Negleet, or other Misbehaviour in the Management or Execution thereof, all which Complaints may be heard and determined in a summary Way.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That each and every Manager or Principal Land Coal Meter for the City of London and Liberties thereof, and between the Tower of London and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex, and each and every Labouring Land Coal Meter within such District, shall, and he pun they is and are declared to be subject to the Power, Jurisdiction, and Controul of the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the said City of London, and shall and may be difinifted and suspended by the faick Court from the Execution and Salaries or Wages of their said respective Offices upon Complaint and Proof of any Fraud, Negleet, Default, or other Misbehaviour in the Management or Execution thereof; all which Complaints shall and may be heard and determined by the said Court in a summary Way.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the said City of London in Common Council assembled, to nominate and appoint any Number of Persons, not less than Forty-five, to be the Labouring Land Coal Meters from the said City of London and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex ; and that when and as any such Labouring Land Coal Meter for such District or Limits shall die, or shall be incapable of serving in such Office, or shall be dismissed or fufpended

therefrom,

A. D. 1807.

470 GEO. III. Self. 2.

C. Ixviii.

5*9

therefrom, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord Mayor., Aldermen, and Commons of the said City of London in Common Council assembled, to nominate and appoint any other Person as a Labouring Land Coal Meter in the Room and Stead of every such Labouring Land Coal Meter who shall die, be so difmilTed or suspended, or be incapable of acting in the Execution of his Office, and so toties quoties, as oiten as any such Case shall happen.

LXXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Principal Land Coal Meters or Meter for the City of London and Liberties thereof, and between the Tower of Lon ion and Limehou/e Hole, in the County of Middlesex, to suspend from their Office any Labouring Land Coal Meter or Meters, serving in'fuch Diitrict, who shall appear to such Principal Meter to have conducted himself or themselves corruptly or improperly in the Execution of his or their Office ; but nevertheless such Principal Land Coal Meter or Meters shall, and he and they is and are hereby required, within Seven Days after any such Suspension taking place, to report the Cause of such Suipeniion to the Lord Mayor of the City of London, or to the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord Mayor, or the said Court, upon Inch Complaint being brought and heard before the said Lord Mayor, or the said Court, either to order any such Labouring Meter so suspended to be discharged, or to order him to be reinstated in his Office and restored to the Salary or Wages thereof.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Joseph Burnett and Francis Bigg, and each and every Principal Land Coal Meter for theTime being, for the several Pariihes lying between the Pari flies of Fgham and Saint Mary Rotherhiihe, both incluime, in the said County of Surrey, and each and every his and their Deputies, Labouring Meters, or Servants, a fling under them in the Admeasurement of Coals, or in the Execution of any other Duties required by this A 61, shall be, and they and each and every of them is and are hereby declared to be subject to the Power, Jurifdielion, and Control of any General Courts of Quarter Sessions to be holden within the said County of Surrey, and shall and m,av be difmilTed and suspended by the said Courts from .the Execution andEmolurnents of-their said respective Offices on Compiaint and Proof of any Fraud, Default, Neglefl, or other Misbehaviour in the Management or Execution thereof; all which Complaints shall and maybe heaid and determined by the said Courts in a summary Way.

I.XXXII. And be it further enarihed, That in case of the Death of either of them the said Joseph Burnett and Francis Bigg before the Expiration of the said Term or Time for which they have been and arc nominated and appointed as aforesaid, the said Office shall be managed by the Survivor of them (unlefs previously difmilTed or suspended in Manner aforesaid) during the Remainder of the said Term ; and that then, upon and from and after the Expiration of such Term, or in case both the said Joseph Burnett and Francis Bigg lhal: die, or be dismissed or suspended, before the Expiration of the said Term, then, upon and from and after such Death, Difmilfal, or Suspension of both of them, the said Joseph Burnett and Francis 47 Geo. Ill, ’	M m	Bigg*

Principal Meters for London may suspend Labouring Meters, reporting the Cause to the Lord Mayor or Court of Aldermen,

Principal and L »bouring Metcis for Surrey subject t® toe Control of the Quarter Sessions.

After the Death1 of the Survivor of the present Principal Meters for Surrey, the Church wardens of the different

Parithes shall have the Eieffion ■Hid appointinent of the P rincipal

Mete; 3.

53°	C.lxviii.	47°	GEO.	III.	Scff.	2.	A.D.1807.

Bigg, and also from Time to Time and at all Times thereafter, when and as often as any Principal Land Coal Meter for the said several Pari flies, lying between the Parishes of Egham and Saint Mary Rotherhithe, both inclulive, in the said County of Surry, shall die, or shall be incapable of acting in the Execution of his Office, or shall be dismissed or suspended therefrom as aforesaid, or the Time limited for the Execution of such Office shall expire, then upon the happening of any such Vacancy, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Churchwardens as he rein-after mentioned, or the major Part of ^hem, in Manner herein-after directed, to elect, nominate, and appoint any other Person to be and act as Principal Land Coal Meter in the Room or Stead of every such Principal Land Coal Meter who shall die, be so dismissed, suspended, or be incapable of acting in the Execution of hia Office, or whole Time limited for the Execution of his Office shall expire, and so toiies quolies, as often as any such Case shall happen ; and every such Person so to be nominated and appointed Principal. Meter for such Limits in the said County of Surry, in the Room or Stead of any such other Principal Meter, shall be elected, nominated, and appointed by such Persons, and in Manner and Form following, that is to say, the Churchwardens of the said several and respective Parishes lying between the Parishes of Egham and Saint Mary Rotherhithe, both inclusive, in the said County of Surry, shall, by Notice . in Writing, specifying the Occasion, and flgned by One of the Deputies in the Land Coal Meter’s Office for such several Parishes within the said County of 'urry, and left at the Dwelling House or usual Place of Abode of each such Churchwarden, as soon as the same can be done after any such Vacancy shall happen, be summoned to meet and afleruble, at the said Land Coal Meter’s Office, at Twelve of the Clock at Noon, on a Day to be mentioned in the said Notice, not exceeding Seven Days from the Date thereof, at which Meeting some Person shall be chofeii and appointed to succeed to the Office of Principal Land Coal Meter for the Limits aforesaid, and such Person as shall at the Hour of Two of the Clock of that Day be elected by thd* Majority of Persons, being Churchwardens of the said Parishes, as shall be then and there assembled, shall be and is hereby declared to be Principal Land Coal Meter for putting this Adi in Execution within such several Parishes in the said County of Surry ; and every such Person so to be elected, nominated, (or appointed as aforesaid, shall be, remain, and continue Principal Meter for the said several Parishes, within the said County of Surry, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years next ensuing from and after the Time of such his Election, Nomination, and Appointment, unless he shall be sooner dismissed or suspended, or be incapable of acting in the Execution of hisOffice.

Principal Meters LXXXIII. Prov ided always, and be it enacted, That whenever the when^heir2 ** Term or Time for which any Principal Land Coal Meter for any of Terms expire. such several and respective Diftridfs shall have been appointed shall expire, then and in such Case nothing herein contained shall extend, cr be construed to extend, so as to hinder or prevent any such Principal Land Coal Meter, whose Term or Time limited for the Execution of his Office shall so expire, from beings re-nominated, re-appointed, or re-elecled to his Office of Principal Meter.

PrincipalMcter’s LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Principal Land iteptopen daily. Coal Meter, or Principal Land Goal Meters, shall refuse or negledt

C.lxvin.

A.D.1807.	470	GEO.	III.	Seff.	3.

S31

to open, and keep open, orcaufe.to be opened and kept open, his or their respective Office or Offices every Day, (Sundays, Good Fridays,

Christmas Days, and Fail Days by Proclamation only excepted) in every Year from the Twenty-fifth Day of March to the Twenty-ninth Day of September, from the Hour of Five in the Morning until the Hour of Nine in the Evening, or from the Twenty-ninth Day of September to the Twenty-fifth Day of March in every Year, from the Hour of Six in the Morning to the Hour of Six in the Evening, every such Principal Land Coal Meter shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be OaihofPrincipal capable of acting as a Principal Land Coal Meter in the Execution Land Coal of this Act, until he shall have taken and subscribed before Two ctefS* or more of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, or City and Liberty of Westminster, or for the City of London, or for the said County of Surry (as the Case may be) within their respective Jurisdictions, an Oath (which Oath such respective Justices are hereby authorized and required to administer) in the following Woids:

*	j A. B. do swear, That I will honestly, truly, faithfully, and c impartially, according to the best of my Skill and Judgement,

*	execute the Office of Principal Land Coal Meter, for the City and c Liberty of Westminster, and for that Part of the Duchy of Lancajler

*	adjoining thereto, and for the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the c Fields, Saint Mary-le-Bone, and for such Part of the Parish of Saint

c Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of Middlesex, [or, for the -

<	City of London, and for all the Wharfs situate between the Tower

<	of London and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex, or, for

<	the several Wharfs situate within the several Parishes lying between c the Parishes of Egham and Saint Mary Rotherhithe, both inclusive,

*	in the County of Surry, (as the Case may be.)

( So help me GOD/

LXXXVL And be it further enacted, That the said Principal Land PdncipalMeters Coal Meters for the Time being, for the City and Liberty of Wtfl-	'm'aU

minjter, and for that Part ot the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining appoint Labour-thereto, and for the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint ing Meters for Mary-le-Bone, and for such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew HoL their respective j born as lies in the County of Middlesex, and the said Principal Land Dlftll£ls*

Coal Meters for the Time being for the said several Parishes lying between the Parishes of Egham and Rotherhithe, both inclusive, in the County of Surry shall, and the said several and respective Principal Coal Meters are hereby respectively directed and required, from Time to Time and at all Times, to nominate, appoint, and employ, within their said respective Districts, a sufficient Number of Labouring Land Coal Meters for the Purpose of admeafuring Coals, and for executing such other Duties within their said respective Districts as are by this Act required to be done by Land Coal Meters.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be Oath of Labour-capable of acting as a Labouring Land Coal Meter in the Execution of inS Goal Metenc this Act until he shall have taken andfubfcribed before any One or more of HisMajefty’s Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, or for the City and Liberty of Westminster, or for the City of London, or for the said County of Surry, as the Case may be, within their

M m 2	respective

53

C.lxvni.

47® GEO. III. Self. 2.	A.D. 1807.

refpedlive Jurisdictions, an Oath (which Oath such rcfpedtive Juilices are hereby authorized and required to adminitler) in the Words following :

4 x A. B. do swear, That I will honestly, truly, faithfully, and

4 impartially, to the heft of my Skill and Judgement, execute

4 the Office of One of the labouring Land Coal Meters for the City

4 and Liberty of Wejhninjier and ior that Part of the Duchy of

4 Lcncafier adjoining thereto, and for the several Parishes of Saint

4 Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary-le-bone, and for such Part of Saint

4 Andrew Holboni as lies in tile County, of Middlesex, [or, for the

4 City of London, and for all the Wharfs situate between the Tower

4 of London and Limehouse Hole, in the County of Middlesex, or, for

4 the several Wharfs situate in the several Parishes lying between

4 the Pariihes of Egham and Saint Mary Rotherhilhe, both inclusive,

4 in the County of Surry (as the Case may be)~\ ; and that I will

4 truly and impartially inspect and meaiure, or lee measured or loacted,

4 all such Coals between Buyer and Seller, and execute such other

4 Duties as are by Law required to be done by a Labouring Land

4 Coal Meter, without Favour or Hatred.	0 t	,

'	So help me GOD,

And the said Justice or Juilices respectively, who shall adminiiler such

Oaths, is and are hereby required to certify the same to the next

General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said

City of London, or for the County of Middlesex, or for the City and

Liberty of JVeflminJler, or for the said City of Londonor for the said

County of Surry (as the Case may be) after the taking of such Oaths

or Affirmation reipectively, there to remain on Record.

Labouring Coal LXXXVIII. And be it further enabled, That in order to prevent

Meters to attend Confederacy, the Stations for the several and respective Labouring

at 1 heir Stations Land Coal Meters shall, once at leaf: in every Month, be changed by

on Notice.	fuch several aud^refpedtive Pi incipal Land Coal Meters, and the said

several Labouring Land Coal Meters shall, and they and he is and

are hereby required to attend at the ieveral Wharfs, Warehouses

and other Places, within their respective Districts, at which he or

they shall be stationed by the said refpebtive Principal Land Coal

Meters, each and every Lay (Sundays, Good Friday, Chrijlmas Day,

and Fail Days by Proclamation only excepted) in each and every

Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March to the Twenty-ninth

Day of September from the Hour of Five in the Morning until Nine

in the Evening, and from the Twenty-ninth Day of September to the

Twenty-fifth Day uf March from the Hour of Six in the Morning

until Six in the Evening ; and if upon Notice being given to any

such Labouring Coal Meter or Meters so stationed, cr Notice being

left in Wviting at' his or their Office or Offices, cr Place- or Places

of Abode to attend at any Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place, to

be named in such Notice, within the Limits of his cr their Station or

Stations in <odet to meas ire or lee measured any Coals, onto execute

any other Duty my aired by this Aft to be done by a Land Coal

M :	u.	::.ny - • -D '-V harf, Warehouse, or other Place ; or if Notice

AAtMemte ■ 1 Lnbou.’ng Coal Meter or Meters at a

MM	.	i. . r • ••	:	,:•> be named in such Notice,

:.; Mums:': ::	::	ox	■	n;; nr	meafured any Coals," or to

uy s Mr .mot7 uorM .st H-ourmg Meters by this Act,

ii M ; s ■ st uie CD a a cuu M Ac laid rdpcCtive Principal

Land

Hosted by

C. Ixviii.

533

A.D.1807.	47°	GEO.	III.	Self.	2.

Land Coal Meters nearest to such Wharf, Warebouse, or other

Place, and such Labouring Coal Meter or Meters shall not attend

purfuant to such Notice within the Space of Two Hours from giving .

the same, and do his Duty according to the true Intent and Meaning

of this Act, then and in every such Case such Labouring Coal Meter Pennlfy for

and the Principal Land Coal Meter at whose Office such Notice was Non-acrendauce*

given as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the

Sum of Five Pounds.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Principal Land	M:.ers

Coal Meter or Meters for the Time being for the City and Liberty pay™ot ^ of Wejlmlnjler, and that Part of the Duchy of Lanea/Icr adjoining iefs than 20s, thereto, and the several Pariihes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint per Week. Afary-le-bone, and such Part of the Pariffi of Saint Andrew Holborn Wages to each as lies in the County of Middlefex•, shall and such Principal Land Coal j^^jn Meters or Meter for the Time being for such Diftrifl are and is Meters?"^ hereby directed and required to pay or cause to be paid not less than Twenty Shillings per Week to each and every of the Labouring Land Coal Meters who shall, at any Time hereafter, serve in the Employ and within the District of such Principal Land Coal Meters or Meter as and for the Weekly Wages of each and every of such Labouring Coal Meters, for and during the Time that each and every of such Labouring Meters shall hereafter so serve in the Employ and within the District of the said Principal Land Meters ; and if any such Principal Meter or Meters shall refuse to pay or cause to be paid to any such Labouring Meter, demanding the same, the Sum of Twenty Shillings at least, at the End of each and every Week of the Time during which such Labouring Meter shall serve in his or their Employ within such District, as and for the Weekly Wages of such Labouring Meter, then and in every such Case every such Principal Land Coal Meter so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.	^

XC. Aiad be it further enabled, That the Principal Land Meters Principal Meters or Meter for the Time being foNr the said several Parishes lying between f°r Surry shall the Parishes of Egham and Rotherhhhe, both inclusive, in the County	Wages

of Surry shall, and such Principal Meters or Meter for the Time being for such District are and is hereby directed and required to pay or femug between cause to be paid not less than Twenty Shillings per Week to each and Nine Elms and \ every of the Labouring Coal Meters, who shall at any Time hereafter Dock Head, serve under iuch Principal Meters of Meter at any Station, or Place or Places, within any of such Parts of the Limits or Di ft rift of such Principal Meters or Meter as lie between Nine Elms and Dock Head, both inclusive, as and for the Weekly Wages of each and every" of such respective Labouring Coal Meters, for and during the 1 ime that each and every of such Labouring Coal Meters shall hereafter so serve in the Employ of such Principal Meters or Meter, on any Station, or Place or Places, within any such Parts of the Limits or District of such Principal Meter■> or Meter, as lie between Nine Elms and Dock Head aforesaid, both inclusive ; and if any such Principal Meters or Meter for such District shall rehife to pay or cause to be paid to any iuch Labouring Meter demanding the same, the Sum of Twenty Shillings at least, at the End of each and every Week of the Time during which such Labouring Meter shall serve in his or their Employ within any such Parts of such Didried as lie between Nine Elms and Dock Head aforesaid, both inclusive, as and for the Weekly

M m 3	*	Wages

534

- C. lxviii.

eo;\l Meters fh 11 not be interested in the Sale of Coals.

Land Coal Meter may demand from

Wharfinger a S’ghr of the Shi; Certificate.

47° GEO. III. Seff. 2.	A.B.1807.

Wages of fitch Labouring Meter, then and in every such Case every such Principal Meter so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds': Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be taken to extend so as in any Manner to fix or limit the Wages to be paid by such Principal Meters or Meter to any Ltibouring Meter in their Employ, who shall serve or be stationed within such Parts of their District, as are situate cither below Dock Head or above Nine Elms aforefaid^ in the said County of Surry.

XCI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Principal Land Coal Meters, or any of them, or any of the Persons to be employed under them respectively, shall at any Time or Times hereafter, during his or their respective Continuance in their Office or Employment aforesaid, be directly or indirectly interested or. concerned in the Sale of any Coals whatsoever, otherwise than in the Discharge of their said respective Offices, such Principal Land Coal Meters so offending shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and such Deputy Coal Meter and Labouring Coal Meter respectively shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and being thereof refpedt-ively convicted before the said Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen, or before either of the said Courts of Quarter Sessions for the said County of Middlesex or Surry (according to the Jurisdiction as aforesaid) shall be dismissed from his or their said respective Office or Employment, and be for ever disabled from holding or executing th$ same, or any other under this Act.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That all Coals whatsoever fold and to be sent in any Cart,Waggon, or other Land Carriage, from any Wharf, Warehouse, or other Iff ace or Places within the Limits or Diffridts of any of the said respective Land Coal Meters, and also all ’ Coals whatsoever fold, and to be sent by Gang Labour from or over any Wharf or other Place where any Land Meter shall be llationed, situate within any of such respective Limits or Diffridts, shall, pre-vioufly to such Coals being so sent away, be carefully infpedted and examined by One of the Principal or Labouring Land Coal Meters within their respective Limits or Diffridts, in order that such PrincipaJ or Labouring Land Coal Meter may fee and be satisfied that such Coals (in case of such Coals being sent away in any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage) are of the Sort or Description mentioned in the Ticket or Tickets by this Act directed to be delivered by or on the Behalf of all and every Vender and Venders of such Coals to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or may fee and be satisfied that such Coals (in case of inch Coals being to be delivered by Gang Labour) are of the Sort or Description as and for which the same shall be fold, and such Meter is hereby authorized and required to demand of the Wharfinger or other Person, with whom the Ship Certificate of any such Coals shall be left, at any Wharf or Place for the Sale of any such Coals, such Ship Certificate, for the Purpose of peruling and infpedting the same ; and such Meter shall, and he is hereby required to counterlign such Ticket or Tickets, if such Meter shall be satisfied that such Coals are of the Sort they are described to be in such Ticket or Tickets, but shall not counterlign the lame without being so satisfied, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding ; and such Meter shall, and he is hereby also authorized and required when the

whole

Hosted by

C. lxviii.

535T

whole Quantity of Coals contained in any Ligliter, Barge, 01 other Craft, shall have been delivered thereout, to write, or indorse on the Back' of the Certificate of such Coals the Word, “ Delivered and if any such "Wharfinger or other Person shall refuse or neglect to produce and deliver to any such Meter such Ship Certificate on Demand, then and in every such Case every such Wharfinger or other Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and if any such -Vie ter shall countersign any such Ticket or Tickets, without having firff irifpected such Coals, and also such Ship Certificate, and without having reasonable Ground to be satisfied that such Coals are of the Sort delcribed in such Vender's Ticket, or if any such Meter shall not, immediately after the Whole of the Coals contained in any such Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft shall have been delivered thereout, demand or call for such Certificate of such Coals, or shall not immediately on such Certificate being produced, indorse the same in Manner aforesaid, then and in every such Case every such Meter so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XCIIL And be it further enabled, That all Coals fold as and for Regulation for Pool Measure, arid to be sent. in any Cart, Waggon or Carnage, from and any Wharf or Place within any of the respective 1 knits of any of the said respective Offices* shall be loaded in Sacks, in the Presence of one jyjcafure. of the Labouring Land Coal Meters of the Diffnct, which Labouring Meter is hereby authorized and required to watch and inspect the filling or loading of the Sacks wherein such Coals shall be loacted, and it shall and may be lawful to and for such Meter to measure the Di-menfions of all or any of such Sacks, used in any such loacting, before such Sacks shall be filled or loaded ; and such Meter shall and he is-hereby authorized and required, when any Room or Rooms of Coals, in any Ligliter, Barge, or Craft, are or is to be fold and sent from any such Wharf or other Place, as and for Pool Measure by any Land Carriage, to fee that the Coals so loaded and sent are in fadi taken out of the particular Room or Rooms so fold, and like wife that the Whole of the Coals contained in any such particular Room or Rooms so fold, are in fa6t entirely emptied out of such Room or Rooms, and loaded and sent away to the Purchaser or Purchasers of the Coals contained in such Room or Rooms ; and in case such Meter shall find any Sack or Sacks used for the loading of any such Coals is or are of less Dimensions than required by this Act, or in case it shall appear to such Meter, according to the bess of such Meter’s Judgement, that any Sack or Sacks uled in loading any such Coals do or doth not contain, when loader!, each the Quantity of Three Bulhels of Coals, or in case such Meter shall observe that any such Coals fold as the Coals of any particular Room or Rooms shall not in fact be taken out of such particular Room or Rooms so fold or to be fold, or that the Whole of the Coals contained in such particular Room or Rooms lha*l not be entirely emptied out oi the same, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Meter to refuse to countersign the Ticket or Tickets by this Act directed to be delivered by or on the Behalf of all and every Vender and Venders of such Coals to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof; and if any. Wharfinger, Coal Porter, or other Person or Persons shall in any Manner obffrucf, hinder, or prevent such Meter in or from the Performance of any such Duty or Duties so required of such Meter by this Act, then and in every such M m 4	Cafe

Hosted by

Pool Me a lure Coils when sent by a Waggon.

Form of the Vender’s Ticket to be

font therewith*

C.lxviii.	470	GEO.	III.	Seffi.2.	A.D.	1807,

Case every such Person so offer ding* shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers 1 in any Coals fold and sent as. and for Pool Measure from any Ship, Vessel, Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place within the refpe£tive Limits or Districts of the said Principal Land Coal Meters respectively, and to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, in any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, shall, and he, she, and they is and are hereby required to deliver or cause to be delivered a Ticket to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of the Coals contained in such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, shall be {hot or delivered therefrom ; and every such Ticket or Paper shall be in the Words and Form following; (that is to say),

c Mr. A. B. [here insert the Name of the Purchaser.]

4 *T\AKE Notice that you are to receive herewith 4 A	[Here injert the Number'] Sacks of [Here insert the Name

4	of the]	Coals [Here insert the Number] Sacks of	[Here infer t	the Name

4	of the |	Coals [Here insert the Number] Sacks of	[Here infert	the Name

‘	of the]	Coals. For inspecting the Loading and Quality	of which

4	Coals	you are, on the Receipt of this Ticket,	in conformity to an

4 Aft of Parliament made in the Forty-fevcnth Year of the Reign 4 of King George the Third, to pay the undersigned E. F. [Here in-4 fert the Name of the Vender] the Sum of [Here insert the Amount of 4 the Compenfalien directed by this Ad: to be given to such Principal Meter 4 or Meiers for the Inspection offuch Coals, calculating the same as by this 4 Ad directed] being at and after the Rate of One Shilling for every 4 Five Chaldrons and One Vat fold to and to be received by you 6 herewith ; and by the same A£t this Ticket is directed to be de-4 livered to you before any of the Coals are shot out of the Cart or 4 Waggon ; and that a Bushel Measure is in such Cart or Waggon, 4 by which the Carman is directed to measure, gratis, under the Pe-4 nalty of Ten Pounds, the Coals contained in any One Sack which 4 the Purchaser or his Servant or Servants may require, which Sack 4 is to contain Three Bushels heaped up in the Form of a Cone, the 4 Height of such Cone to be at lead Six Inches, and the Outiide of 4 the Measure to be the Extremity of the Base of such Cone ; and * that in case of your being diffatished with the Coals now sent, you 4 are entitled by the same A£t to have the same re-meafured by the 4 Bushel Measure, provided you immediately and before any more of 4 the Coals than One Sacjk shall be shot or delivered from the Cart, 4 Waggon, or Carriage, in which the same are brought, fend Notice 4 in Writing of your Desire to have the same re-measured, to any of 4 the Land Coal Meters Offices, and also to the Vender or Venders of 4 such Coals. E.F. [Here insert the Name of the Vender.] C.H. [Here 4 insert the Name of the Meter, and the Office and Place where the OJfce 4 is situated. ]

* Dated [Here insert the Hay of the Month, and the Month and Year 4 when such Ticket was fgned. J ’

And in case any such Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, shall not deliver or cause to be delivered such Ticket as afore-said, and so countersigned by a Meter as aforesaid, to the Purchaser

QV

C. lxviii.

537

'or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her, or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals shall be {hot or delivered from such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage laden with any such Coals as afore-said, then and in every such Case every such Vender or Venders shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds ; and in case the Carman, Driver of, or other Person attending such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, laden with any such Coals as aforesaid, to whom such Ticket shall have been given by or by the Directions of the Vender, in order to be delivered to the Purchaser, shall (having so first received the same from the Vender, or any Person by the Order of the Vender) refuse or neglect to deliver such Ticket to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her, or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals shall be (hot or delivered from such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, every such Carman, Driver, or other Person aforesaid so offending’, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That the Vender or Venders of, Payment to or Dealer or Dealers in any Coals fold as and for Pool Measure, and Meter for sent in any Cart, Waggon, or other Land Carriage from any Wharf, ^	'	p^>oL°^	*

Warehouse, or other Place within the refpedfive Limits or Districts of Mature the said respective Land Coal Meters, or any Coals fold as and for Pool Measure, and delivered by Gang Labour from or over any Wharf or other Place where any Land Meter shall be stationed, situate within any of such respective Limits or Districts, or the Occupier or Occupiers of any such Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place, from or over' which any such Coals shall be so sent, shall, and such Vender or Ven-^ ders. Dealer or Dealers, or Occupier or Occupiers, is and are hereby required and directed to pay to the Principal Meter or Meters for the Time being of the Land Coal Meter’s Office, within the Limits of which any such Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place shall be lit uate, at and after the Rate of One Shilling for every Five Chaldrons and One Vat so brought and sent to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, as and for a Compensation for the Trouble of inspecting or fuperintend-ing the loading and fending away such Coals ; and such Money shall be repaid by the Purchaser or Purchalers of such Coals to the Vender or Venders thereof.

XCVL Provided also, and be it further] enacted, That nothing Purchasers of herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to hinder Coais fold by or prevent any Purchaser or Purchasers of any Coals fold as and for Measure Pool Measure, from lending such Coals to the Premiles of such Pur- colls dehvvered chafer or Purchasers, or to any Landing Place which such Purchaser without the or Purchasers shall appoint (provided such Landing Place or Prc- Intervention of mises be not a Coal Wharf or Place where any Meter shall, by virtue a Meter, of this Act, be ftationed) or from having such Coals unloaded and delivered at such Premises or Landing Place, either by Gang Labour, or in any other Manner, except in or by Means of any Cart,

Waggon, or other Land Carriage, without the Pretence, Intervention, or Inspection of any Land Meter; and without being subject or liable to the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever to any Land Meter, for or in respect of such Coals ; but in case such Purchaser or Purchasers shall require the Care or Attendance of a Land Meter, then he, she, or they shall have and be entitled to such Attendance, upon fending Notice of such his, her, or their Desire to the Land Meter’s Office, within the Limits of which fych Premises

§	„	or

S3§

C.lxviii.

Fur chafers of Coals sent »*y Water may hnv the f.irrc remca fined o' case Fraud ’.s luipedUd.

47° geo. hi. Sea:-2. a.d. 1807.

or Landing Place,.. where such Coals may be so carried, shall be fituate* and in such Caie such Purchaser or Purchasers shall pay and be charged for the Attendance of such Meter, at and after the aforesaid Rate of One Shilling for every Five Chaldrons and One Vat of i'uclCCoals.

XCV1I. And be it further enabled, That if any Purchaser of any Coals fold and lent to such Purchaser by any Ligliter, Barge, or ^ other Craft, from any Place within the Limits of any of the Offices of the said refpeCiive Land Meters, shall think or suspect that the full and lawful Measure of any such Coals has not been sent, and shall, before the Lighterman or other Person having the Care or Management of such Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft, shall have delivered up to the Purchaser, or to his, her, or their Servant, such Ligliter, Barge, or ether Craft, and quitted the Charge thereof, and before Bulk shall be broken of inch Coals, signify his or her Desire to have such Coals re-measured, then and in every such Case the Lighterman or other Person lent *vith the Ligliter, Barge, or Craft, in which the said Coals shall be brought, shall either continue at the Landing Place or Pre-miles of the hurchafer of the said Coals, with the said Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft, until such Coals are re-measured, or shall leave such Ligliter, Burge, or other Craft properly fattened and made secure at inch Landing Place or Premises, or as near thereto as can be, and permit the same so to remain there until such Coals are re-measured, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds on the Owner and Proprietor, and Forty Shillings on the Lighterman or other Person sent with such Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft, and the said Purchaser shall immediately fend or cause to be sent to the Vender of the said Coals, or to his or her Wharf, Notice in Writing that the said Coals are going to be re-measured, and alio fend Notice in Writing thereof to any one of the Offices of the said refpeCiive Land Coal Meters aforesaid, and thereupon a Principal Meter, or One of the Labouring Meters (not being the Meter under whose,Infpe£xion any such Coals may have been originally loaded) shall within Two Hours next after such Notice in Writing left at the Office of any such Land Coal Meter, attend from such Office where such Notice shall be so left, to rer measure the said Coals, and shall accordingly re-meafure the same with the Buffiel Measure, in Presence of the Vender and Purchaser of the said Coals, or their Agents or Servants, if any of them shall attend for the Purpose of feeing such Coals re-meafured ; and in case it shall appear upon-the Re-meafurement of such Coals by such Principal or Labouring Coal Meter as shall attend for. the Purpose of re-meafur-ing such Coals, that such Coals do not amount to the Quantity for which they were fold, then and in such Case if such Coals shall have been fold as and for Pool Measure, the Vender of such Coals shall in case inch Deficiency shall exceed Four Buffiels and not exceed Ten Buffi el s in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat of Coals so re-measured, forfeit and pay for every Buffiel of Coals so found deficient in every Five Chaldrons and One Vat, the Sum of Forty Shillings, and in case such Deficiency shall exceed Ten Buffiels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat io re-measured, then and in such Case such Vender of such Coak finali forfeit and §pay, for every such Buffiel lo found deficient, the Sum of Five Pounds, and shall moreover forfeit all such Coals to the intended Purchaser or Purchasers thereof; but in case any such Coals so re-meaiured and found deficient shall have been

4	fold

C.lxviii#

539

A.D.1807.	470 GEO. IIL Seff.2.

fold or delivered as and for Wharf Measure, then”and in such Case the Vender of such Coals shall forfeit and pay for every Bushel io found deficient file Sum of Five Pounds, and shall moreover forfeit all such Coals to the intended Purchaser or Purchasers thereof,

XCVI1I, Provided always, and be it enabled, That the Principal ^xPcnce5 Land Coal Meter or Labouring Coal Meter so re-meafuring shall be ACinea uteiTKnt* paid the Sum of Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals so re-meafured by him, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Chaldron; and if upon any such Re-measurement, the Whole of the Coals so re-meafured shall be found less than the Quantity for which the Whole of such Coals fnall be fold, then and in such Case the Vender .or Venders of such Coals shall, in case such Deficiency shall amount to or exceed One Bushel, pay the Expences of such Re-admeasurement, but if such Deficiency shall not amount to One Bushel, then and in such Case such Expences shall be paid and borne by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals.

XCIX. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That nothing ^oaJs^olc|^y herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to require any ^ Wj m^a-Coals fold as and for Pool Measure to be measured by the Bushel Me a- furcci by Buihel sure previous to such Coals being loaded and sent away in any Cart, but at i>fne of Waggon, or other Land Carriage, from the Vender’s Wharf or other the Purchaser. Place of Sale, save and except by the Deiire of. the Purchaser of any such Coals.

C. And be it further enabled. That all Coals fold or loaded to be Or b fold by fold as and for Wharf Measure, in Quantities exceeding Eight Bushels Wi:arf Mcaiuie at or from any Place or Places within the Limits of any of the said ^jJ.^prcf^rc-refpebtive Offices, shall be measured in the Presence of One of the said Of a ‘£ancj Labouring Coal Meters, (belonging to the Office within the Limits Meter. orDiflribt of which the Place of Sale of such Coals shall be fituate) by the Bushel Measure heaped up as by this Abt is directed ; and the said Labouring Coal Meters shall .and may, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required to fill up any Bushel or Bushels of any such Coals as shall appear to him or them deficient or wanting in Measure, out of the Stock of Coals of the Person or Persons so vending or contrabling for the Sale of the said Coals, or so loading any such Coals for Sale'.

CL And be it further enabled, That if any such Labouring Coal Penalty on Meter shall wittingly or willingly suffer any Coals exceeding Eight Bushels, which shall be fold or loaded to be fold and as for Wharf cJabto be telfc Measure, to be sent from any Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place outwithoujt within the Limits or Diftribt of his Office without such Coals being being only measured in the Manner herein direbted, and shall not give Informa- matured, lion thereof to the Principal Land Coal Meters or Coal Meter under whom such Labouring Coal Meter shall serve, within Two Days next after such Coals shall have been measured, then and in every such Case such Labouring Coal Meter shall for ever thenceforth be i*endered incapable of abling as a Labouring Coal Meter, and forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds,

CXI. And be it further enabled, That the Sum of Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals which shall be fold and delivered as and for \vhm f Measure Wharf Measure, at any Wharf, Warehouse or Place within the Li- Coals, mits or Diftribt of any of the Offices of the said refpebtive Land Coal Meters, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a phaldron3 shall be paid by the Occupier or Occupiers of the Wharf,

Warehouse,

C.lxviii.

Contents of Metei’s Ticket to be sent with such Coals.

47° GEO. III. Seff.2.	A.D.	1807.

Warehouse, or Place from which such Coals are taken, or by the Seller or Vender of such Coals, to the Principal Land Coal Meters or Coal Meter for the Time being, of the Office within the Limits or Diflrk'ft of which the Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place of Sale of such Coals shall be situate, and thereupon such Principal Land Coal Meters or Coal Meter shall, and they and he are and is hereby required to deliver or cauie to be delivered to every Seller of such Coals, or the Carman who shall cart, lead, drive, or carry away the same, a Paper Writing, or Ticket, signed by one of the Principal Land Coal Meters, and countcrfigned by the Labouring Coal Meter attending and delivering the same, in which shall be contained the Christian and Surname or Names of the respective Seller or Seliers, or Vender or Veuders, and also either the ChriIlian and Surname or Names, or only the Surname or Names of the Purchaser or Purchasers, Consumer or Comfumers of the said Opals, and the Quantity of such Coals, and the Day of the Week, Month, and Year of the Delivery and Admeafure-ment, and Amount of the Metage Charge, and the Names of the Carmen or Persons employed to cart, lead, drive or carry the same Coals, and also shall contain a Notice to the Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Coals, that if he, fire, or they is or are dissatisfied with the Measure thereof, and shall desire to have all such Coals remeasured, such Dif-fatisfaction mull be exprelfed to the Carman before more than One Sack of such Coals is (hot or unladen from the Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage conveying the same ; and that if such Purchaser or Purchasers shall be so diiTatisfied, and shall desire to have all or any of the particular Sacks remaining in such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage re-measured, so as to afeertain the Contents of'each or any of such particular Sacks, then that such Delire mull be ex-preffed to the Carman before any of the Sacks of Coals, which such Purchaser or Purchasers shall desire to have re-meafured shall be shot or unladen from the Cart, AVaggon, or other Carriage in which the same shall be sent, which said Ticket being thus made complete and Metage paid, shall be delivered unaltered by the Labouring Coal Meter counterfigning the same, without Delay, to the Carman or Person employed to cart, carry, drive, or lead the Coals described in such Ticket, to the Purchaser or Consumer therein named, which said Ticket unaltered, the Carman or Person therein named to be employed to cart, carry, lead, or drive the Coals in such Ticket described, shall, and he is hereby required to deliver to the respective Consumers or Purchasers therein named, or to their Agent or Servant who shall attend to receive the Coals described in such Ticket for the Use of such Purchaser or Consumer, and thereupon he, she, and they is and are hereby required to pay to the Seller named in such Ticket, the Metage therein specified, and if the Labouring Coal Meter counterfigning Inch Ticket shall, after Payment or Tender of the Metage Charge in pnrfuance of this Act, refuse to deliver such Ticket as herein-before directed, to the Carman or Person employed to cart, lead, drive, or carry the Coals therein described, such Labouring Coal Veter Tall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds ; and if such Carman or Person employed to cart, carry, lead, or drive the Coals described in such Ticket, shall, after the same Ticket shall have been so delivered to him by the Labouring Goaf Meter counterfigning the same, either alter, or neglect or refuse to deliver the same Ticket to the

Purchaser'

Hosted by

C.lxvnL

541

Purchaser or Consumer therein named, or to the Ag*ent or Servant who shall attend to receive the Coals described in such Ticket, such Carman or Person employed to cart, lead, or drive the Coals deicribed in such Ticket, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

CIJI. And be it further enacted, That if any Wharfinger or Dealer	cn

in Coals shall, directly or indirectly, p'ive or offer or cause to be ■ T/..

rr 1	;	.	.	1 J 7t	•	T	w-,	,	A/r .	5lvlng LiOus to-

given or ottered, to any Principal or .Labouring Land Coal Meter or Mcto*.

Meters, any Sum or Sums of Money, or other Fee; Reward, or Gratuity whatsoever, over and above Sixpence/w Chaldron herein allowed to be demanded and taken for the Charges of the Metage of Coals measured by- the Bushel, or over and above the One Shilling for every Five Chaldrons and One Vat of Coals fold by Pool Measure, for the Infpeblion thereof or over and above the Sixpence for every Ton of Coals fold byWeight, every such Person so offending fn ill, tor every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

CIV. And be it further enabled. That if any Principal or Labour- Penalty on ing Land Coal Meter to be appointed and qualified pursuant to this j^':Jcrs receiving A6P, shall deliver or cause to be delivered a false or counterfeited dei'iveru-T' false Ticket to any Dealer, Vender, Consumer, Carman, or other Person, Tickets, with Intent to prejudice or defraud any Person or Persons whomfo-ever, or shall take or receive from any Dealer in or Vender of Coals any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee, Reward, or Gratuity whatsoever over and above the Sixpence per Chaldron herein allowed to be demanded and taken for the Metage Charge for Coals measured by the Bushel, or over and above the One Shilling for every Five Chaldrons and One Vat of Coals fold by the Pool Measure for the Infpeblion thereof, or over and above the Sixpence for every Ton of Coals fold by Weight ; or if any such Principal or Labouring Coal Meter shall wilfully permit or fufrer to be made false Measure of any Coals, or shall deliver a Meter’s Ticket for any Quantity of Coals, the Whole of which he shall not have seen measured, or fhall-counterfign any Vender’s Ticket for any Coals, without having infpedted such Coals, or without feeing and taking care that the Whole of the Coals contained, fold in, and to be delivered out of any particular Room or Rooms of any Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft, shall have been fir ft	,■

completely emptied out of, and loaded from such particular Room .or Rooms so fold, then and in every such Case every such Meter so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and be rendered incapable of ever serving thereafter in the Office of a Coal Meter.

delivering Merer’s T><*ct w rh	1

M;;ifuie Co*'5*-

CV. And be it further enabled, That if any Quantity whatsoever Penalty cn of Coals, exceeding Eight Bushels, fold or to be fold as and for Wharf Vender fy n0 Measure, shall be lent or driven in any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, from any Wharf, Warehouse, or Place, situate within the Limits or Diftribl of any of the said refpeblive Offices, without having been measured by such Bushel Measure as is herein-after directed, or without such Meter’s Ticket as aforesaid, so signed and countersigned as aforesaid, having been first obtained, or if such Ticket as aforesaid shall not be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers of any such Coals, before any Part of such Coals are (hot or delivered upon the Premises of such Purchaser or Purchasers, then and in every such Case the Vender or Venders of such Coals shall for every Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds,

V 9»

r4Z

D- ■ ! --.-of Sacki lot Coais,

lixemprion for Co.iis dciive.ed by Gang Labour*

Penally on Meter permitting Saeks of less Dimensions to be used.

Wnar Bushel MW » < r0 -ie made use of.

\Z Ann. ft, 2. C. 17. § IK

CJxviii.	470 GEO. III. Seff.a. # A.D. 1-807.

§ 9? 10, 11, 13, 14, ofStat. 3 Geo. 1, c. 26. recited verbatim, and

“ repealed, § ic6.

CVII. And be it further enabled, That no Sack shall be made use of in the Delivery of Coals from any Ship, Vessel, Ligliter, Bargp, or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place, within the said Port of London, or within the said respective Cities of London and V/eJlminster, or the respective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the said respective Counties of Middlesex, Surry, Kent, and EJJex, Sas is or are situate within the Distance of Twenty-live Miles from the Royal Exchange, except such Sack shall be made of Linen, and shall have been hrit sealed and marked with White' Paint in Oil at Guildhall, London, or at the Exchequer Office, Wejl-mhifter, by the proper Officer there, and shall at the Time of making life of such Sack Measure in the Inlide thereof at leaf! Four Feet and Two Inches in Length by Two Feet and One Inch in Breadth ; and no Sack shall be sealed or marked which shall not, at the Time of the marking or sealing thereof, measure in the Inside thereof Four Feet and Four Inches in Length, and Two Feet and Two Inches in Breadth ; and if any Vender or Venders of, orDealeror Dealers in, or Carrier or Carriers of Coals, shall use or cause to be used any Sack or Sacks for delivering or carrying Coal- within the several and respective Cities, Liberties, and Parts aforesaid, not sealed or marked as afore-said, or of less Length at the Time of using the same than Four Feet and Two Inches at the least in the Inside thereof, or of less Breadth than Two Feet and One Inch at the least in the Inside thereof, then and in every such Case every such Vender of or Dealer in or Carrier of Coals shall, for every such Sack so unmarked or deficient in Length or Breadth, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Twenty Shillings ; and the Justice or Juilices before whom such Conviction shall take place, shall cause every such Sack found unmarked, or deficient either in Length or Breadth, to be destroyed : Provided always, that the Coals to be delivered by Gang Labour, may be conveyed without the Use of such Sacks ; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof not.withflanding.

CVII I. And be it further enacted. That if any Labouring Coal Meter shall use, or knowingly permit or suffer any Sack or Sacks to be made use of for the measuring or carrying of Coals, of less Dimensions than the Dimensions directed by this Act, at any Place or Places within the Limits of the Office to which such Meter shall belong, then and in every such Case every such Labouring Coal Meter shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

CIX. And be it further enabled, That no Bushel shall be kept or made use of, for or in the Admeasurement of any Coals fold within the said Port, of London, or within the said respective Cities of London and IVejhninJler, or the refpeciive Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the said respective Counties of Middlesex, Surry, Kent, and Essex, as is or are situate within the Distance of Twenty-five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforesaid, which shall not be such Bushel as ispreferibed in and by an Adi made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the fpce-’y an / effectual preferring of the Navigation of the River Thames, by flopping the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham, in the County of EfTex, and for afeertaimng the Coal Measure, and which shall

not

Hosted by

C. Ixviii.

543

not have been first stamped or marked by the proper Officer at the Exchequer Office at Wejhninjler, or at the Guildhall, London, previ-xmfly to the same being so kept or used ;.aad that every such Buffiel, previously to being so stamped or marked, ffiall be fitted for Work and Use with Iron or Copper Hoops, and ffiall be so stamped or marked with a Steel Instrument on the uppermost Iron or Copper Hoop ; and that every such Buffiel ffiall be kept without any Alteration or Diminution ; and that in making use of such Buffiel, all Coals ffiall be duly heaped up in such Buffiel in the Form of a Cone, such Cone to be of the Height of at leak Six Inches, and the Outiide of the Buffiel to be the Extremity of the Base of such Cone ; and that each and every Chaldron of Coals ffiall consist of Thirty-fix of such Buffiels so heaped, and so in Proportion for any Idler Quantity ; and if any Dealer or Dealers in, or Vender or Venders of Coals within such Limits as aforesaid, ffiall keep or make use of, or cause to be kept or made use of, any Buffiel in the Admeasurement of any Coals other than such Buffiel as aforesaid, and so flampt as aforesaid, or ffiall in anvwife decrease or diminiffi any such Buffiel flampt as aforesaid, or ffiall permit his, her, or their Servant or Servants, or any Person or Persons whomsoever so to do, then and in every such Case such Dealer or Dealers in, orVender or Venders of Coals, so offending, ffiall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds ; and if any such Servant or Servants, cr other Person or Persons affidng by or under the Authority of any Dealer or Dealers, or Vender or Venders, ffiall make 111 e of, in admeafuring of any Coals, any Buffiel other than such Buffiel as aforesaid, flampt as aforesaid, or if any such Servant or Servants, or any other Person or Persons whosoever, ffiall Hn any Manner decreaic or diminiffi any' such Buffiel stampt as aforesaid, then and in every such Case such • Servant or Servants, or such other Person or Persons respectively, for every such Offence, ffiall be committed to the House of Correction by any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the City, County, Town, or Place where such Offence ffiall be committed there to be kept to hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

CX. And be it further enabled, That all Measures less than such Buffiel Measure as aforesaid, which ffiall be used by any Person or Persons dealing in Coals, within the said Port of London, or within the said respective Cities oi London and Wofhmnjlor, or the respective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Paits of the respective Counties of Middlesex, Surry,. Kent, and Ejfix, as is or are situate withi . the Distance of Twenty-five Miles from the Royal Exchange afore hid, ffiall be fitted for Work and Use with Iron or Copper, and ffiall, previously to being used in the Admeasurement of Coals, be leaded or flampt at the Exchequer Office at J'/eQm;after, or at the Guildhall, London, by the proper Officer, with a Steel Initrumeat, on the •uppermoft Iron or Copper Hoop ; and that all such Measures so sealed or flampt ffiall be kept without any Aiteration, and so used by such Dealers in or Venders of Coals, as ffiall fell any less Quantity or Quantities of Coals than a Buffiel of Coals; and if such Person or Persons ffiall diminiffi or make less any such less Measure than the Buffiel, or ffiall make use of any Means or Device so as to prevent any such Measure from holding or containing as much as it would otherwiie hold or contain in case such JVIeans or Device had not been prablifed, or

Regulations of Measures froaljcsr than a Bufhei

54+

C. lxviii.

Dealer* in Coals foM M Wna. f Moafi.rr f dif-fati.'hed may have thtm ic measured.

Carman shall carry a Rush.el Measure in his Cart.

47° GEO. III. Seff. 2.	A.D.	1807.

shall use or cause to be used any such Measure when any such Means or Device have been practised, or shall use or cause to be used any such Measure in the Admeasurement of Coals, not so sealed or flampt as aforesaid, then and in every such Case every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

CXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in, any Coals fold as and for Wharf Measure shall be dissatisfied with the Measurement which shall have been made of any such Coals at any Wharf, Warehoule, or other Place of Sale, by or under the Infpe&ion of the Labouring Land Coal Meter Rationed or attending at such Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, before such Coals are sent away from such Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place of Sale, to fend or cause to be sent to the Office of the Principal Land Meter, within the Limits or District of which such Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place of Sale may be situate, Notice in Writing, signifying the Desire of such Vender or Venders, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, to have such Coals re-measured, and then and in such Case such. Principal Meter, or One of the Labouring Meters, of or from such Office where such Notice shall be sent (not being the Meter under whose Inspection the said Coals were originally meafured) shall, within the Space of Two Hours next after such Notice in Writing left at such Office, attend to re-meafure the said Coals, and shall accordingly re-meafure the same, Sack by Sack, by the Bushel Measure, in the Presence of such Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in such Coals, or his, her, or their Agent or Servant, Agents or Servants, and for such Re-meafurement such Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, shall pay or cause to be paid to such Principal Coal Meter, who shall fend such other Labouring Meter, the Sum of Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals so re-meafured ; and in case it shall appear upon such Remeasurement, that the Coals so re-meaiured shall exceed the Quantity for which the same were fold, then and in such Case, if such Excels shall be equal or amount to, or exceej Two Bushels in any Chaldron so remeasured, the Meter who measured such Coals shall, for every Bushel so exceeding such Quantity as aforesaid, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings, together with all the Expences of such Remeafurement.

CXII. And be it further enabled, That if any Carman, or Driver of any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, loaden with Coals for Sale, or to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, by any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Carrier or Carriers of Coals from any Ship, Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place within the said Port of London, or within the said refperitive Cities of London and IVejlminjler, or the respective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the refperitive Counties of Middiesex, Kent, Surrey, and Essex, as is or are situate within the Distance of Twenty-five Miles from the Royal Exchange aferesaid, shall not have placed on some conspicuous Part of his Cart, Waggon, or Carriage a perfect Bushel Measure, of the Form. Size, or Dimensions, and so {tamped or marked as herein-before d la dled (which Measure shall be provided by the Vender or Venders.

(Hosted by CjOO^Ic

A.D. 1807.	470 GE(X III. SeiT.2. C. lxviiL	545!

ders, Dealer or Dealers in, or Carrier or Carriers of such Coals), then and in every such Case every such Carman or Driver of such Cart, Waggon, or other Carnage, not having such Bu/hel Measure so placed therein or thereon, shall, for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and the Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Carrier or Carriers of such Coals, /hall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds : Provided always, That Coals which shall be carried or conveyed in Bulk, or in any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage belonging to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, may be so carried or conveyed without the Carman being obliged to carry a Bushel Measure therewith, or any Person or Perforis being fubjetS or liable to any Penalty or Penalties in respect thereof, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXIII. And be it further enacted. That the Vender or Venders Venders shall of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, fold and sent as and for Wharf deliver Tickets Measure, from any Ship, Vessel, Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft, wh/rfMedfure’ or from any Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place within the said Port of London, or within the said respective Cities of London or Weft-minster, or the respective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the said respective Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent, or Eftx, as is or are situate within the Distance of Twenty-five Miles from the Royal Exchange, and to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purcha-fer3 thereof, from any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, shall, and he and they is and are required to deliver or cause to be delivered a printed Ticket or Paper, and such Carman, Driver, or other Person /hall and is required to deliver or cause to be delivered the same Ticket so received from such Vender to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her, or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of the Coals contained in such Cart, Waggon, or other Carnage, /hall be fiiot or delivered therefrom ; and every such Ticket or Paper /hall be in the Words and Form following :

‘ VENDER’S TICKET.

4 Mr. A. B. [Here insert the Name of the Buyer.']

*	rT^ AKE Notice, That you are to receive herewith

€	[Here	infert the Number] Sacks of [Here insert the Name of

e the] Coals [Here insert the Number] Sacks of [Here insert the Name 6 of thej Coals [Here insert the Number] Sacks of [Here insert the ‘ Name of the] Coals ; and that by an A£l made in the Forty-feventh 4 Year of the Reign of King George the Third, the Carman is directed 4 to deliver this Ticket before he (hoots any of the Coals out of his f Cart or Waggon ; and that a Bu/hel Measure is in such Cart or 4 Waggon, by which t^-Carman is directed to measure, gratis (under 4• the Penalty of Twenty Rpunds) the Coals contained in any one c Sack which the Purchaser or his Servant may require, which Sack

*	is to contain Three Bufheis heaped up in the Form of a Cone, the

4 Outside of the Measure being the Extremity of the Base thereof.	^

i C.D. [Here insert the Name of the Fender] E. F. [Here insert the

4 Name of the Labouring Meter in case of the Coals being sent from	*

4 within either of the Lift riels ~of the said refpefiroe Offices]* Dated f Sb .	■	/y-z

‘	IHere insert the Day of the Month, and the Month and Tear when.

* such Ticket was fignecl. ]] ’

47 Geo. III.	Nn	And

Penalty on Vender not delivering Ticker,

- and on Carmen.

Carman rcquirc< to men l ure One Sack gratis in each Cart.

Penalty 1*n Caiman tor driving Coals a wav without me storing the abac k.

And in case any such Vender or Venders shall not deliver or cause to be delivered such Ticket as aforesaid, to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her, or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals shall be shot or delivered from such Cart, Waggon, or other, Carriage, every such Vender or Venders shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds ; and in case the Carman, Driver of, or other Person attending such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, laden with any such Coals aforesaid, to whom such Ticket shall have been eiven by, or by the Dire£Hon of the Vender, in order to be delivered to the Purchaser, shall (having so first received the same from the Vender, or any Person by the Vender’s Orders) refuse or neglect to deliver such Ticket as afore^ said to the Buyer or Buyers of such Coals, or to his, her, their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals shall be shot or delivered from such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, every such Carman, Driver, or other Person aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, i CXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Carman or Driver of any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage laden with* Coals for Sale, or to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof by the Vender or Venders, or Dealer or Dealers in such Coals, from any Ship, Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft, or from any Wharf,, Warehoule, or other Place, within the said Port of London, or within the said refpe£live Cities of London and. Wejhninjler or the respective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the respective Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent, and Essex, as is or are situate within the DiilanCt of Twenty five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforesaid, shall and he is hereby directed to measure, gratis, if he shall be required so to do, the Coals contained in any one of the Sacks contained in such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, which may be chosen by the Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Coals, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants or other Person or Perions acting on the Behalf of such Purchaser or Purchasers, with such Bushel Measure as aforesaid, in order that such Purchaser or Purchasers may be better enabled to judge of the Necessity of having the Whole of such Coals re-meafured in Manner directed by this A£t.

■ CXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Carman or Driver of any Cart or Waggon, or other Carriage, laden with Coals for Sale, or to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers by the Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in such Coals, from any Ship, VefTel, Ligliter, Barge, or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place within the said Port of London, or within the said respective Cities of London and IVeJhninJlcr or the respective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the said respective Counties of Middleftx, Surrey, Kent, and Essex, as is *4* are situate within the Distance of Twenty-live Miles from the Royal Exchange aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to measure by the said Bushel Measure such Sacks of Coals in Manner herein directed, when thereunto required by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or by hi?, her, or their Servant dr Servants, or other Person or Perfon? acting-by or under the Authority, of such Purchaser or Purchasers, t:	be	measured, or

of any Rich Carman or Driver shall drive away, or permit or suffer the said Cart, Wa-Tv-on, or other Carriage to be c.rr/en away without jneafuring, in Manner herein directed, the ,r.d Sack of Coals, or shall

binder.

Hosted by

C. Ixviii.

547

A D.1807.	470	GEO*	III.	SefT.

hinder, obftru<ff* or otherwise prevent the Purchaser or iPurchafers of such Coals, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, from meafuring* the said Bushel Mea-sure, or all or any Sack or Sacks in such his Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, then and in every such Case every such Carman or Driver so offending shall, foj* every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not * exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds ; and the Vender or Venders of, or the Dealer or Dealers in such Coals shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds.

CXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Purchaser Cods Tent by or Purchasers, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants, shall be Land Carnage dissatisfied with the Measure of any Coals fold or to be delivered JHall be re-within the Limits or District of any of the said respective Offices of b^theVurcha/cr. the said refpedfive Land Coal Meters, and sent to him, her, or them* in any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, and shall signify to the Carman, or other Person attending such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, his, her, or their Desire to have the Coals contained in such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, or any Part of iuch Coals remeasured, then and in every such Case the Carman or Driver of such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, in which such Coals shall be brought, shall and he is hereby required to continue and remain at the House, Lodging, or other Premises of the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, with such Coals, and the Cart, Waggon or.other*

Carriage, until such Coals are remeafured ; and if any such Carman or Driver shall drive away, or permit or suffer to be driven away such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, before the Coals contained therein shall be remeasured, without the Consent Or the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants, then and in every such Case such Carman or Driver shall, for every such Offence* forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds,

CXVIL And be it further enacted, That such Purchaser or Pur- purri^er ^3|{ chafers, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants, so desiring such f-nd Nonce to Coals contained in such Cart, Waggon, or other Carnage, to be re- Meiers’ Office rf measured, shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to fend oefirousof or cause to be sent to the Vender or Venders of the said Coals, or to his, r^caCfuled/ her, or their Wharf, Warehouse, or Place of Abode, Notice in Writing that the said Coals are to be remeasured, and filch Purchaser or Purchasers. or his, her, or their Servant or Servants, shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required forthwith to fend Notice in Writing to any one of the Offices of the said respective Land Coal Meters of his, her, or their Desire to have such Coals remeasured, and thereupon a Principal Meter, or One of the Labouring Meters (not being the Meter under whole lnfpedlion the said Coals were originally meafured) shall within the Space of Two Hours next after such Notice in Writing left at the Office of any such Principal Coal Meter afore -said, attend from such Office where such Notice shall be so left at the House, Lodging, or other Premises of such Purchaser or Purchasers*

. as shall be expressed in such Notice, for the Purpose of remeafuring the said Coals, and shall accordingly remeafure the fatne in the Presence of the Vender or Venders and Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Coals, or of his, her, or their Agent or Servant, Agents or Servants, if they or any of them Ihal’i attend to fee the same remeafured ; and in case such Vender or Venders, or Purchaser or

N n 2"	Purchafers,	v

C. lxviii.

54S

Purch.ifer may a: his Option either have the Conrems of each separate Saek remeasured, or elfe the Contents of all rhe Sacks lent, taken together.

Penalties on Vender in case ot Deficiency on fjch

Rcmcafucement.

Penalty on

Mcieis and Coal Porters in case of any Coals fold for Wharf Measure proving deficient on such Rcmealuiement.

Pmalty on Venders of Coals by Pooi Measure.

47° GEO. III. SefT.	A.D.1807.

Purchasers, or his, her, or their Agent or Servant, Agents or Servants, shall not attend for the Purpose of feeing such Coals so remeasured, then such Meter shall proceed in the remeafuring of such Coals in his, her, or their Absence; and such Meter shall and he is hereby required, at the Option of the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals,, to reraeafure such Coal's, either by the distinct Sacks, so as to afeertain the Contents of each particular Sack of such Coals which shall remain in such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, or elfe to re meal ure such Coals, in such Manner, and so as to afeertain the whole Quantity of such Coals contained in all the Sacks taken together ; and in cate the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals shall not, either before or immediately upon the Arrival of such Meter, signify or caule to be signified, to such Meter, his or their Option or Desire as to which of the said Two Ways he or they would widi such Remeafurement to be taken cr made in, then and in every such Case such Meter shall proceed to remeafure such Coals in such Manner, and so as to afeertain the whole Quantity of such Coals contained in all the Sacks taken together; and for such Remeafurement such Purchaser or Purchasers shall pay, or cause to be paid, to the Principal Coal Meter or Coal Meters of or from the Office to which Notice shall have been sent as a fore said, Sixpence for every Chaldron of Coals so remeafured ; and in case, upon the Remeafurement of any such Coals which shall be so remeafured as to afeertain the Contents of each particular Sack thereof, it shall appear to the Meter, so remeafuring the same, that any Sack or Sacks of such Coals shall not contain Three Bushels, then and in every such Case the Vender or Venders of such Coals shall, for every Sack of Coals that shall be so found deficient on such Remeasurement, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings ; and in case upon the Remeafurement of any such Coals as aforesaid, which shall be remeafured in such Manner as to afeertain the whole Quantity of such Coals contained in all the Sacks wherein the same shall have been sent taken together, it shall appear to such Meter as aforesaid that the Coals thus remeafured do not amount to the Quantity for which they were fold, then if such last mentioned Coals shall have been fold as and for Wharf Measure, the Vender or Venders of such Coals shall forfeit and pay, for every Bushel of Coals found deficient, the Sum of Five Pounds, and also forfeit every Chaldron of Coals so found deficient, or wanting in Measure to and for theUfe of the Poor of the Pariffi where fuel) Coals shall be so remeasured; and the Labouring Meter, under whose InfpedHon the Coals were fir 11 meafu red, shall, for every Bushel so deficient, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings, and the Coal Porters who shall have first meaiured such Coals for the Vender or Venders thereof* shall, for every Bushel of Coals so wanting, forfeit and pay the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence; but if any such Coals so remeafured in the Manner jaft mentioned, and so found to amount to less than the Quantity for which the same were fold, shall have been fold as and for Pool Measure, then the Vender or Venders of such Coals shall, in case such Deficiency shall exceed Four Bushels and not exceed Ten Bushels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat so remeasured, forfeit and pay for every Bushel of Coals so found deficient in every such rive Chaldrons and One Vat, the Sum of Forty Shillings ; and in case such Deficiency shall exceed Ten. Bushels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat so remeafured^ then and in such Case such Vender or Venders of

2,	,	fuch

Hosted by

C. lxviii.

5!p

such Coals shall Forfeit and pay for every such Bu/hel so deficient in every Such Five Chaldrons and One Vat the Sum of Five Pounds : "

Provided nevertheless, that no such Coals so fold and sent {hail be remeasured, so as to afeertain the whole Quantity of such Coals taken together, after more than One Sack of such Coals shall have been /hot or delivered from such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, into or upon the Premises of such Purchaser or Purchasers, any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithilanding.

CXVIII. And be it further enadlcd, That if upon such Remeafure- Penalty on snent of any Coals fold and sent, as and for Pool Measure, by any Mete*/ 1,1 ca^°f Waggon, Cart, or other Land Carriage, and which Remeafurement	Meafure

shall have been made in such Manner as to afeertain the whole Quantity prove deficient of such Coals, contained in all the Sacks taken together, the Coals so upon fu h remeafured shall be found to be less or move than at the Rate of Three Remcaiuremcnt, Bushels for each Sack, according to the Number of Sacks specified in the Vender’s Ticket of such Coals, then the Meter who countersigned such Vender’s Ticket of such Coals shall, in case such Deficiency or Excess shall exceed Four Bushels in any Five Chaldrons and One Vat of such Coals so remeasured, forfeit and pay for every such Buffiel so exceeding or so deficient in every such Five Chaldrons and One Vat, the Sum of Twrenty Shillings,

CXIX. Provided always, and be it further enatled, That if upon Expences c.f any such Remeafurement which shall be so made so as to afeertain the Remeasurement, whole Quantity contained in all the Sacks sent, taken together, of any such Coals fold and sent as and for Wharf or Pool Measure,the Whole of such Coals so remeafured shall be found less than the Quantity for which the Whole of such Coals shall be fold, then the Vender or Venders of such Coals shall, in case such Deficiency shall amount to or exceed One Bu/hel, repay to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals the Expences of such Remeafurement ; but if such Deficiency shall not amount to One Bushel, then such Expences shall be paid and borne by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals; and if upon any such Remeafurement which shall be made, so as to afeertain the Quantity contained in each and every of the particular Sacks sent of any Coals fold as and for Wharf or Pool Measure, it shall be found that One Fourth Part or more of the Number of the Sacks of such Coals, fold and sent to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, do not contain the Quantity of Three Bulhels each respectively, then the Vender or Venders of such Coals shall repay to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals the Expences of the Remeafurement thereof; but if the Number of such particular Sacks so found deficient shall not amount to One-Fourth Part of the whole Number of the Sacks of such Coals so fold and sent, then and in such Case such Expences shall be paid and borne by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals.

CXX. Provided always, and be it enacted. That after any such Penalty on Notice as by this Aft dire died shall have been given by or on the Be- Principal Meters half of any Purchaser or Purchasers at any of the said respective not lenclinS * Land Meters’ Offices, requiring the .Attendance of any Meter from	S

any of such Offices, for the Purpose of remeafuring- any Coals fold measure th© either for Wharf or Pool Measure, then and in every such Case the Coals. v Principal Meters or Meter for the Time being, at any of such respective Offices or Office where such Notice fha'l have been given or sent, is and are hereby authorized and required to fend a Labouring Meter or Meters from their respective Offices or Office, for the

N n 3	Purpofe

*

559

C.lsviii.

47

0 GEO.

III.	S2.

A,D.i8o7*

Cat men shall be pid 3s. per Hour when stopt for having Coals rtmeafurc-t.

Regulation as to C>a!s fold by Weighi,

Purpose of making the Remeafuremerit, and such respective La* bouring Meters or Labouring Meter shall and are and is hereby authorized and required to remeafure any such Coals which they shall be so sent to remeasure, whether the Furchafer or Purchasers of filch Coals shall or not be desirous of having such Remeafurement proceeded in, any Thing herein contained to the contrary not with* Handing ; and if any such Principal Meters or Meter, after having received any such Notice as aforesaid, shall neglecH or refuse within the Space of Two Hours after the Receipt of such Notice to fend a La-bourirg^Meter or Meters to the House, Lodging, or other Premises of such Purchaser or Purchasers accordingly, or if any Labouring Land Coal Meter or Meters shall refuse or neglect to remeafure such Coals, then and in every such Case every such Principal Land Coal Meter or Meters and Labouring Land Coal Meter or Meters so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds ; and if any such Purchaser or Purchasers, or any other Person or Persons, shall prevent, obstruct, or interrupt, or attempt to prevent any such Remeafurement being proceeded in and made by any such Labouring Land Coal Meter or Meters so sent by any such Principal Land Coal Meter or Meters in consequence of any such Notice, then and in every such Cale every such Purchaser or Purchasers, or other Person or Persons so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit -and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

CXX[. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage shall be flopped or detained for the Purpose, or under Pretence of re-admeafuring the Coals or any Part laden thereon, the Owner of every such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage shall be entitled to the Sum of Three Shillings per Hour for every Hour the Cart shall be so detained, and so in Proportion for any Fradlion of an Hour, over and above the usual Cartage of such Coals ; which Three Shillings per Hour shall be paid by the Vender of the said Coals, in case the same, or any Part thereof, shall, upon the Remeafurement thereof, be found deficient in Measure, or by the Purchaser of such Coals, in case the same shall not be re-measured, or shall upon such Remeafurement be found to amount to the Quantity for which such Coals were fold.

CXXII. And be it further enabled, That all Coals which shall be fold by Weight at any Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place, within any of the respective Limits or DiflridT of any of the said respective Offices of the said rcfpe&ive Land Coal Meters, and to be sent in any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, shall be fold or weighed by the HundredWeight, each Hundred Weight confiding of One hundred and twelve Pounds Avoirdupois Weight, and Twenty such hundred Weight shall be and be deemed and taken to be One Ton ; and all such Coals so to be fold shall be weighed and loaded at such Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place/ of Sale, in the Presence of one of the Labouring Land Meters from the Office, within the Limits or Dillri6fc of which such Wharf, Ware* house, or other Place of Sale shall be situate, and such Labouring Meter is hereby authorized and required to superintend apd inspect the weighing and loading of all such Coals so fold by Weight, in order that such Meter may fee and be satisfied that in every such Loading the full Weight of Coals is actually given, which shall be expressed in the Vender’s Ticket $ and such Meter may refuse to countersign the

Vender*!

C. Ixviii.

$5l

A.D.1807.	47° GEO. III. Seff-,2.

Venders Ticket of any such Coals, in case such Meter /kail not fee the full and proper Weight shall be given according . to the Quantity which shall be expressed in such Vender’s Ticket, but such Meter shall and he is hereby required to countersign the same, in case the proper Weight shall be given according to such Quantity of Coals expressed in such Vender’s Ticket; and for such Inspection of such Coals so fold by Weight, there shall be paid by the Vender or Venders thereof, or by the Occupier or Occupiers of the Wharf, Ware-house, or other Place from whence such Coals shall be sent, to the Principal Land Coal Meter or Meters for the Time being, within the Limits or DiftriCt of whose Office such Wharf, Warehoule, or other Place from which such Coals fold by Weight shall be sent may be situate, Sixpence for every Ton of Coals so weighed under the Meter’s InfpeCtion, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Ton, and such Sum of Money shall be repaid to such Vender orVendersby the Purchaier or Purchasers of such Coals.

CXXIII. And be it,further enabled, That the Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in such Coals so fold by Weight, within the Limits or Diffridl of any of the Offices of the said respective Land Meters, shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Purchaser or Pur-chafers thereof, or to his, her, or their Servant or Servants, immediately on the Arrival of the Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage in which such Coals shall be sent, and before any of such Coals shall be unloacted, a Paper or Ticket in the Form following ; that is to say,

4 Mr.A.B. [Here insert the Name of the Buyer~\

4 'p^.KE Notice that you are to receive herewith [Here insert the 4 Number] Tons [Here insert the Name of the J Coals: Forinfpedf-4 ing which Coals you are, in conformity to an Adi of Parliament 4 made in the Forty-fevcnth Year of the Reign of King George the * Third, to repay 'me, the undersigned [Here insert the Name of the ‘ Seller] the Sum *of [Here insert the Amount of the Infpefiton Charge]

4 being at and after the Rate of Sixpence for every Ton of Coals fold 4 to, .and to be received by you herewith.

(Signed) 4 C. D. [ Here insert the Name of the Seller. ]

(Counterligned )	1	E.	F.	[	Here	infert the Name of the Meter ] ’

And in case any such Vender or Venders do not deliver or caufejto be delivered such Ticket as aforesaid, and so countersigned by a Meter as jaforesaid, to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her, or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals are unloacted, every such Vender shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds ; and in case the Car-mail, Driver of, or other Perfonattending any such Cart, WTaggon, or other Carriage laden with any such Coals, to whom any such Ticket shall have been given, by or by the Orders of the Vender, in order to be delivered to the Purchaser, shall, (having so first received the same from the Vender, or any Person by the Directions of the Vender) refuse or negleCt to deliver such Ticket to the Purchaier or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her, or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals shall be unloacted, such Carman, Driver, or other Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

CXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all| Coals whatloevcr fold within any of the said feyeral and respective Limits

N n 4	of

Vender’s Ticket with Coals fold by Weight.

All Coals shall be fold either by Weight or by the Chaldron or Bulhfrb

55*

lYnuipnl Meters for Lo '.don shall produce upon Oath, before the Court of Common Council, their Accounts of Metage Monies received by them, and shall pay the fume into ths Chamber of the City.

Application of Monies arifng from Metage in thf London District.

Salaries to Meters, &c.

Clxviii.	470 GEO. III. Seif. 2.	A	D,	1807.

of this Afave and except only such Coals as shall be fold by Weight in Manner aforesaid, shall be fold either by the Chaldron, such Chaldron to coniift of Thirty-fi x of such Buihels so heaped up as aforesaid, or by the Sack, each Sack containing Three such Buihels so heaped up as aforesaid, or elfe by such Buihel as aforesaid, or by the Half Bushel, Peck, or Half Peck : Provided such smaller Measure shall be same Aliquot Part of such Bushel Mea-fure ; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That alland every the Principal Meter and Meters for the Time being for the said City of London and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Lhnehoufe Hole, in the County of Middhsex, shall, and each and every of iuch Principal Meter or Meters for such Diftri£t is and are respectively hereby directed and required to produce and deliver in, once or oftener in every Month, before the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the said City of London, in Common Council affem^ bled, or before such Persons as the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons shall for that Purpose appoint, a full, true, and accurate Account or Accounts, in Writing, verified by Affidavit, of all and every the Sum and Sums of Money which shall from Time to Time, by virtue of this Adft, be received by such Principal Meter or Meters for such District, for any Metage, Inspection or Remeafurement of any Coals which shall be measured, remeasured, or infpedted by any such Principal Meter or Meters, or by any Labouring Meter or Meters within such Diftritft ; and every such Account so directed to be produced as aforesaid shall, previouily to the Production thereof, be verified upon Oath by such Principal Meter or Meters for such Dif-triCt, before the said Lord Mayor, or any of the Aldermen of the said City of London, and which Oath any such Magistrate is hereby authorized to administer ; and every such Principal Meter or Meters for such DiftriCt shall, and he and they is and are Hereby also directed and required, Once or oftener in every Month, to pay into the Chamber of the said City of London all and every such Sum and Sums of Money which shall be so from Time to Time by virtue of this Act, received by such Principal Meter or Meters for any such Metage, Infpe&ion, or Remeafurement of any Coals within such Diftri£t, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding ; and if any such Principal Meter for such DiftriCt shall not. Once or oftener in every Month, produce and deliver in before such Persons as aforesaid, such Account so verified as aforesaid, or shall not. Once or oftener in every Month, pay into the Chamber of the said City of London alland every such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be so from Time to Time, by virtue of this Act, received by such Principal Meter for any such Metage, Infpeciion, or Remeafurement of any such Coals as aforesaid, then and in every such Case every such Principal Meter shall, for every inch Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

CXXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That out of the Monies which Shall be so from Time to Time paid into the said Chamber of the said City of London, by such respective Principal Meters for the said City of London and Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Lhnehoufe Hole, in the County of Middlesex, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the said City of London in Common Council assembled, and the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, are hereby directed and .	requited*

553

A.D. 1807.	470	GEO.	III. Seffi z.	CTxviiu

required, from Time to Time, to pay or cause to be paid such yearly or other Salary, or respective Salaries, to each and every of fuchPrin-cipal Land Coal Meter or Principal Land Coal Meters, for the Time being, for the said City of London and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Lhnehoufe Hole, in the said County of Mid-dlesex,<as they the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council afiembled, flia.ll from Time to Time think jreafonable ; and it shall and may also be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, and the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, are hereby also directed and required, out of such Monies which shall be so from Time to Time paid into the Chamber of the said City, to payor cause to be paid such weekly Wages to each and every of the Labouring Land Coal Meters for the said City of London and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Lhnehoufe Hole, in the said .County of Middle]ex, as the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, m Common Council afiembled, shall from Time to Time think proper to appoint: Provided nevertheless, that such weekly Wages so to be appointed for such Labouring Land Coal Meters, shall not at any Time be less than Twenty Shillings per Week for each and every of such Labouring Meters : And it shall and may also be lawful to and. for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council afiembled, and they are hereby also directed and required to pay, or cause to be paid out of such Monies which shall be so from Time to Time paid into the Chamber of the said City by such respective Principal Meters for such District, the Costs, Charges, and Expences of maintaining, supporting, and repairing the said Land Coal Meter’s Office for the City of London, and between the Tower of London and Lhnehoufe Hole, in the County of Middlesex ; and such yearly or other Salary, or respective Salaries, as the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council afiembled, shall think reasonable to be paid to each and every of such Clerk and Clerks, as the said Mayor, Aider-men, and Commons, in Common Council afiembled, shall think proper or necefiary to employ in such Office, and the Costs, Charges, and Expences of Coals, Candles, and Furniture for fuchtLand Coal Meter’s Office, and ail such other Hcufe Expences, relating to such Office, as to the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council afiembled, shall seem reasonable and proper : And in case and when and as the aforesaid Monies, which shall be so from Time to Time paid into the Chamber of the said City of London by such respective Principal Meters for such District, shall be more than sufficient for maintaining, repairing, and supporting the said Land Coal Meter’s Office for the said City of London and the Liberties thereof, and between the Tower of London and Lhnehoufe Hoky in the County of Middle• fex} and for defraying the said Expences of Coals, Candles, Furniture, and other House Expences relating to such Office ; and also for the paying the Salaries which shall be appointed to be paid as aforesaid to the respective Principal Meters for the Time being for such District, and to the Clerk or Clerks who may be employed in such Office as aforesaid ; and the weekly Wages of each and every of the Labouring Land Coal Meters for such District ; then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council afiembled, and the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, are hereby also directed and required to reduce the Sum or Sums pf Money which arc by this Act dire died to be

5S4

C.Hviii.

47° GEO. III. SefT.2.

A.D. 1807.

paid for the Metage, Inspection, or Remeafurement of "any Coals within the said City of London and the Liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, in the County or Middlefext Overplus (lull to Sum or Sums of Money as shall be fuffieient for such fever?! be applied in	Purpofes ; and it Shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor,

Reduction of the Aldermen, and Commons again to raise such Sum orSuns of Money

Mer-ige Uut-es	~	•'	"	—	**

in rhe London Diitiiit.

Wall’i End, Temple Wall’* End, Hehburn Main, Heaton N ;.in, Biggs Main, South Helm urn,

Wiliii gton, KiBingi v\ urth, ai.d Pi rcy Main CoaH, may be

n>i\eil tog- i t.ev, and oj'.d by the iNum: ul Be ft Loaii mixed.”

Plnrtkv > Blythe, and Coupon Main Coals may be mixed together, and ft hi by either of tiiotc Names.

to any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum or Sums granted by this Act, when and so often' as it Shall be necessary for such several Purposes.

CXXVII. 4 And Whereas it would tend greatly to the Benefit of 4 the Consumer, and to the Prevention of Frauds and Impositions, if 4 Venders or or Dealers in Coals were reffridled from mixing Coals of 4 different Sorts, except in certain Cases herein excepted ;’ be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, within the said Port of London, or within the said refpeHive Cities of London and Wtjlminjler, or the respective Liberties thereof, or within iuch Part or Parts ol the respective Counties of Middlefex> Surrey, Kent, and EJJex> as is or are situate within the Distance of twenty-five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforesaid, to mix or lay up in One Heap or Pareel, or cause to be mixed or laid up in One Heap or Pareel, in any Ware-houfe. Repository, or other convenient Place, or to fell or cause to be fold when mixed, all or any Two or more of the Nine Sorts or Defcrip-tlons of Coals, called refpedfively, Wall’s End Coals, Temple’s Wall’s End Coals, Hebburn Main Coals, Heaton Main Coals, Biggs Main Coals, South Elebburn Coals, Willington Coals, Killingfworth Coals, and Percy Main Coals, and such Nine several Sorts of Coals, or any Two or more of them, may be so mixed together in any Proportions whatsoever ; but no such Coals, when so mixed or heaped together, or any Part or Parts thereof, Shall, after the mixing thereof, be fold or sent to any Purchaser or Purchasers unless such Coals be fold by Wharf Measure, nor unless such be fold and be described in the Ven-* der’s Ticket to be sent therewith, as and for and by the Name of 44 Bell: Coals mixed and if any such Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coafs, shall fell or cause to be fold, or fend or cause to be sent to any-Purchafer or Purchasers, any such Coals so mixed or compounded of all or any Two or more of the said Nine Sorts or De-feriptions of Coals, or any Part or Parts of such Coals so mixed, by or as or for any other Measure than Wharf Measure, or without such Coals so fold or sent being fold and all'o described in the Vender’s Ticket to accompany the same, as and for and by the Name of 44 Best Coals mixed,” then and in every such Case every such Vender or Dealer so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

CXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for any Vender or Venders of or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, within the said Port of London, or within the said respective Cities of London and Westminster, or the respective Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the respective Counties of Middle-sex, Surrey, Kent, and Essex, as is or are situate within the Distance of Twenty-five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforesaid, to mix or lay up in One Heap or Pareel, or cause to be mixed or laid up in One Heap or Pareel, in any Warehouse, Repository or other convenient Place, or to fell or cause to be fold, when mixed, all or any Two ojf

the

A.D.1807.	47°	GEO.	Ill,	Seff.2.	C.lxviii.	555

the Three Sorts or Descriptions of Coals, called respectively, Blythe Coals, Hartley Coals, and Coupen Main Coals : And it shall ^ud may be lawful to and for any such Vender or Dealer to fell any such Coals, when so mixed, as and for and by the Name of any or either of such Three respective Sorts of which such Coals so fold shall be mixed or compounded.

CXXIX. And be it further enacted* That when the Coals laden on	Is

board any Lighter 01 Ligliters, Barge or Barges, or other Craft or ^ckKid to Crafts, lying at or near any Wharf or Wharfs, or other Place or Five Chaldrons, Places, within the said Port of London, shall be so reduced in Quantity Wharf Mature, as that the Whole of the Coals contained in each and every one such ni3y be hcaPtci Ligliter, Barge, or Craft, shall not exceed Five Chaldrons, Wharf Measure, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Vender or Venders \yJirchoui‘c !■ of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, within the said Port of London, or within the said respective Cities of London and JVeJlmmJler, orthere-fpedfive Liberties thereof, or within such Part or Parts of the respective Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent, and Essex, as is or are iituate within the Diliance of Twenty-five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforesaid, to mix and lay up, or cause to be mixed and laid up, from Time to Time, in One Heap or Pareel, in any Warehouse, Repoiitory, or other convenient Place, all or any of such remaining Parcels or Clearings of Coals, out of each and every or any of such Lighter or Ligliters, Barge or Barges, or other Craft or Crafts ; but no such h;u 'he same remaining Quantities of Coals, when so mixed or heaped up together, h.c |‘,ul ^ or any Part or Parts thereof, shall, after the Mixing thereof, be fold \\, or sent to any Purchaser or Purchasers, unless such Coals be loid by <• Co..U oi Wharf Measure, nor unless such Coals be fold, and be described in ditf'e cm $o»*g the Vender’s Ticket to accompany the same, as and for and by' the nv.xcd."

Name of i( Coals of different Sorts mixed 5” and if any such Vender	°n

or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, shall mix or lay up in difabcying. any Warehoule or other Rcpofitory, any Two or more remaining Quantities or Clearings of Coals out of any such Ligliters, Barges, or other Craft, any or either of which remaining Quantities or Clearings shall exceed Five Chaldrons Wharf Measure or if any such Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, shall fell or cause to be fold or sent to any Purchaser or Purchasers, any such remaining Coals so mixed and cleared out of any such Ligliters, Barges, or other Craft, or any Part or Parts of such mixed Remainders of Coals, by, or as, or for any other Measure than VV harf Measure* or without such Cdals so fold or sent being fold, and also described in the Vender’s Ticket to accompany the same, as and lor and by the Name of u Coals of different Sorts mixed,” then and in every such Case every such Vender or Dealer so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds.

CXXX. And be it further enacted, That no such Vender or Ven- 0^er C(,aj, ders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, within the said Port of London, ,h.,ll be miui or within the said respective Cities of London and IVeJlminJler, or the refpeflive Liberties thereof, or within such Part .or Parts of the re-fpeftive Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent, and Essex, as is or are situate within the Distance of Twenty-five Miles from the Royal Exchange aforesaid, shall mix or cause to be mixed for Sale, or shall knowingly fell, or cause to be fold wheq mixed, any Coals whatfo-ever of Two or more different Sorts, Names, or Descriptions, unless such Coals of such Two or more different Sorts, Names, or Descriptions,

•

■5S-6

C. lxviii*

AA shall not prevent storing up different Sorts of Coals in a Warehouse in diftin6l Parcels.

No Coals shall be fold except by Whai f Measure, or without the true Description in the Vender's Ticket.

Pmviilons relpeeling Coal Sheds or Warehou fes where Coals are ' fold iiiQuanruics

470 GEO. III. SefT. 2.	A.D.	1807.

tions, shall consist either wholly of Wall’s End, Temple’s Wall’s End, Hebburn Main, Heaton Main, Biggs Main, South Hebburn, Willing-ton, Killingfworth, and Percy Main Coals, Or wholly of some Two or more of such Nine Sorts of Coals, or wholly of Blythe, Hartley, and Coupen Main Coals aforeiaid, or wholly of any Two of such Three Sorts of Coals, or otherwise wholly of Coals which shall have been cleared out of any such Ligliters, Barges, or other Craft, whose respective Loadings shall have been each reduced, before the mixing thereof, to a Quantity not exceeding Five Chaldrons, Wharf Mea-lure ; and if any such Vender or Dealer shall mix or cause to be mixed for Sale, or shall knowingly fell, or cause to be fold when mixed, any Coals whatsoever of Two or more different Sorts, Names, or Defcrip-tions, which Coals, when so mixed, shall not consist either entirely of Wall’s End, Temple’s Wall’s End, Hebburn Main, Heaton Main, Biggs Main,. South Hebburn, Willington, Killingfworth, and Percy Main Coals, or entirely of some Two or more of such Nine Sorts of Coals, or entirely of Blythe, Hartley, and Coupen Main Coals, or entirely of some Two of such Three Sorts of Coals, or entirely of Coals that shall have been cleared out of any such Ligliters, Barges, or other Craft, whose respective Loadings shall have been each reduced, before the mixing thereof, to a Quantity not exceeding Five Chaldrons, Wharf Measure, then and in every such Case fuch’ Vender or Dealer so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

CXXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be taken or conffrued to extend, so as to hinder or prevent any such Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, within any of the several and respective Limits of this A£t, from laying or boring up for Sale in any Warehouse or Re^ pofitory, or other convenient Place, any Quantities whatsoever of Coals, of as many different Sorts, Names, or Descriptions, as he, she, or they shall respectively think fit, provided such different Sorts, Names, or Descriptions of Coals be respectively laid and kept in such Warehouse or other Repository in separate and distinct Pareels, and wholly unmixed, and provided no such Coals be fold by any other than Wharf Measure, or without the true Name or Names of every or any of such Sorts of such Coals as shall be fold and sent from any such Warehouse or other Repository being expressed in the Vender’s Ticket to be sent therewith to any Purchaser or Purchasers; and if any such Vender or Venders, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, shall fell or cause to be fold, by any other than by Wharf Measure, any Coals out of any such Warehouse or other Repository, in which Two or more different Sorts of Coals may be so stored or deposited, or shall not insert, or cause to be inserted, in the Vender’s Ticket to be sent with such Coals, the true Name or Names of each and every Sort of such Coals as shall be sent from or out of any such Warehouse, Repository, or other Place, to any Purchaser or Purchasers, then and in every such Case, every such Vender or Dealer so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds.

CXXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be conffrued to extend> so as to hinder or prevent any Vender or Venders of, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, within the several and respective Limits of this A£f, who shall keep any Coal Shed, Shop, or Warehouse, where Coals shall

C.lxviii.

557

A.D. 1807.	470	GEO.	III.	Seff.,2.

be fold in Quantities not greater than Half a Chaldron, and where no Coals shall ever be fold in any Quantities exceeding Half a Chaldron, from mixing or heaping up together, or causing to be mixed or heaped together, in such Shed, Shop, or Warehouse, any Quantity or Quantities \yhatsoever, of any and as many different Sorts, Names or Descriptions of Coals, as he, (he, or they shall refpeCtively think fit, or from felling or causing to be fold such Coals when so mixed : Provided nevertheless, that such Coals when so mixed {hail be fold as and for and by the Name of “ Mixed Coals,’* and shall not be fold in any Quantities exceeding Half a Chaldron, nor shall be fold at any other Place than at the Shop, Shed, or Warehouse, where the same shall have been so mixed.

<£ This Act not to prevent the Sale of Coals mixed at any Time before “ I ft September 1807, § I33*

CXXXIV. And be it further enaCled, That it shall and may be lawful to and foy the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, from Time to Time, to make, ordain, and establish such Orders, Rules, and Bye Laws, and from Time to Time to amend, alter, or repeal the same, or any of them, for the regulating, governing, and managing the said Market, and all EreCtions, Buildings, Works, Matters, and Things thereunto belonging, and also for the regulating of all Officers to be employed in such Market, and all other Persons coming thereto, or tranfaCting any Bulmefs therein) as to the said Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen shall seem juil and reasonable ; and also from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to repeal, amend, and alter such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, and also to fix and appoint certain reasonable Penalties or Forfeitures for the Non-obfervance or Non-performance, or other Breach of any such Rule, Order,,or Bye Law, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds for any one Offence ; and all such Penalties and Forfeitures shall and may be recovered by such Ways and Means as any other Penalties or Forfeitures may be recovered by virtue of this Act: Provided always, that no such Rule, Order, or Bye Law, be repugnant to or incon-fiffent with the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom called England, or contrary to the Directions and Provisions in this A Cl contained.

CXXXV. And be it further enacted, That no such Order, Rule, or Bye Law, shall be good, valid, or effectual, nor shall any such Order, Rule, or Bye Law, be amended, altered, or repealed, save and except such Order, Rule, or Bye Law, or any Amendment, Aiteration, or Repeal of any such Order, Rule, or Bye Law, shall have been submitted to, and allowed and approved of, from Time to Time, by the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, the Lord Chief Justice and the Rest of the Justices of the Court of King’s Bench, the Lord Chief Justice and the Rest of the Justices of the Court of Common Pleas, and the Lord Chief Baron and the Rest of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer for the Time being, or any One or more of them, who are and is hereby empowered and required, o.n Requell from Time to Time to them or him made by or on Behalf of the said Court of •Lord Mayor and Aldermen, to peruse and examine all such Orders, Rules, or Bye Laws, as shall from Time to Time be made, amended, altered, or repealed, by the said Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen, iu pursuance of this Act, and laid before them or him the said Lord

High

not exceeding

Haifa

Chaldion.

Court of Aldermen may-make Bye Laws ro regulate the Market.

Such Bye Laws (hail be approved

and allowed by One or more of the Judges.

C.lxvlii.

5-S8

Rye Laws shall

he pi im< d and publilhed.

Mayo', &e. en'poweied to npp i..t

Couimiitics.

Persons interested not eligible to Inch Committee*.

Pe;Tons no-1 free or the- Cry m. y

be- employed.

47° GEO. IIL Seta.

A.D. 1807,

High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, the Lord Chief Justice and the Rest of the Juftlces of the Court of King’s Bench, the Lord Chief Justice and the Rest of the Justices of the Court of Common Pleas, and the Lord Chief Baron and the Rest of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer for the Time being, or any One or more of them, and to alter and amend all such Orders, Rules, and Bye Laws, or any of them, and to allow and approve of, or disallow and disapprove of the same, or any Part thereof, or to allow and approve of, or to disallow or disapprove of the Repeal of the Whole or any Part thereof, as to them or him ftiall from Time to Time seem proper and expedient, and for doing thereof no Fee or Reward ftiall be paid or taken.

CXXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, so to be from Time to Time made, altered, amended, or repealed, by the said Court of Lord Mayor and Aider-men, fh all be printed, and such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, and the several Alterations and Amendmends made therein, and the .Repeal thereof relpectively, shall also be made public in such other Manner as the said Couit of Lord Mayor and Aldermen shall think proper, and ftiall from Time to Time order and direct.

CXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, from Time to Time to appoint One or more Committee or Committees to manage and transact all or any of the Matters or Purposes, which they the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, are hereby authorized and required to do, execute, or perform, which Committee or Committees io to be appointed ftiall have such or so much of the Powers and Authorities by this Act .given to the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall think fit or proper to delegate to such Committee or Committees.

CXXXVI1I. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That if any Person, being a Member of any such Committee, shall be diredt-ly'or indirectly interested or concerned in any Contract which shall be made or entered into by or on Behalf of such Committee, for or concerning any of the Works to be performed or done in pursuance of this Act, or for or concerning any Materials to be used or employed therein, every inch Contract ftiall be void, and the Person who, being a Member of such Committee, ftiall be so interested or concerned, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same.

CXXXIX And be it further enacted, That the Committee or Committees so to be appointed shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time, to employ any fit Person orPerfons, whether free of the City or not, in or about any of the Works, Matters, or Things, which they ftiall cause to be performed or done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, and to contract for the doing and Performance of such Works, Matters, and Things, or any of them, with any Person or Persons, in such Manner tas the said Committee or Committees shall think fit ; and that no Person or-Perfons who ftiall be so employed or contracted with, in, about, or for any of the Purposes of this Act, nor any Person or Persons to be let to work by or under them, or any of them, shall, for any Act done or to be done in or about the Premifec, befubjedt or liable to any

Aduon,

C. lxviii.

5S9

A.D.1807.	470 GEO. III. SefT. 2.

Action, Indi Ament, or In formation, upon the Statute made in the

Fifth Year of Her Majesty Oucen Elizabeth, intituled, An sift con- sElix. c. 4.

taming divers Orders for Art ficei s, Labourers, Servants of Hujhandry,

and Apprentices, or be liable to be fried for any Breach of the Custom

of London, or for any Penalty inf]idled by any Bye Law of the said

City.

“ Ah Securities shall be entered in a Book by the Chamberlain, to " which all Persons entitled to Annuities, dec. shall have access with-“ out Fee, § 140.—The Chamberlain shall keep the Books provided “ under the recited Acts of the 43 and 44 G. 3. § 141.—Chamber- ^

<c lain shall keep Accounts of Receipts and Disbursements, of the Duty “ on Coa!s, Cinders, and Culm, § 142.

CXLIIL And be it further enabled, That the said Mayor, Alder-	f

men,, and Commons shall, Once in each and every Year, or oftener	^	°

if required, lay before both Houses of Parliament an Account of the Ducy, ^c. before Produce of the said Duty of One Penny per Chaldron or Ton, hereby Parliament, granted and made payable upon Coal, Cinders, and Culm, and aifo of all Receipts and Disbursements received or paid for or on account of the said Market, andalfo an Account of the Quantity of Coals fold in each and every such Market, and of the Prices thereof. u Chamberlain shall keep Account of Receipts and Disbursements on “ Account of the Metage Monies, § 144.

CXLV. And be it further enabled, That the said Mayor, Alder- Accouws thereof men, and Commons, shall, Once in each and every Year, or oftener	0	hjC	l‘"d

if required, lay before both Houses of Parliament an Account of parliament. Monies to be received by virtue of this Adi in respect of the Metage,

Inspection, or Remeafurement of any Coals within such lafl mentioned Diilridl, and also of all Disbursements paid, for or on account of the said Land Coal Meter’s Office for such Diflridl.

CXLVI. And be it further enabled, That all Fines, Penalties, or P|ncs^nr* Forfeitures by this Adi, or by virtue of the Powers and Authorities ekcecdin* thereof imposed (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is Twenty Pounds not hereby otherwise diredled), not exceeding Twenty Pounds, shall may be reeovned, be sued for within One Calendar Month after the Offence or Offences b.fore a Juitiec committed ; and all such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, shall be ot lhc ^cr~cc-levied and recovered before any Justice or Jukicesof the Peace for the County, City, or Place, where the Offence shall be committed ; and such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required, upon Information or Complaint to him or them made, to grant a Summons or Warrant to bring before him or them such Offender or Offenders, at the Time and Place as shall be in such Warrant fpeei-fied ; and if on the Conviction of the Offenders respectively, either on his, her, or their Confeffian, or on the Evidence of any One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath such Juilice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to administer), such Fine,

Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall not be forthwith paid, the same shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the OfFender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice or Juslices, and the Overplus of the Money (if any) raised by such *

Dillrefs and Sale, after dedu£lin‘g the Pine, Penalty, or Forfeiture and the Costs and Charges of making such Dillrefs and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner of the Goods and Chattels so distrained ; and for want of Dillrefs, or in case the Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall

6	nqi.

C.lxvni.

56 o

470 GEO. III. Self. 2.	A.D.1807.

not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices to commit every such Offender to the Common ' Gaol or House of Correction for the County, City, or Place where the Offence shall be committed, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid ; and One Moiety of all such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, when paid, shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall go to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or shall be applied in such Manner, for carrying this AC! into Execution, as the Justice or Jullices before whom such Con-vi&ion shall take place shall direct.

Appeal tc the CXLVII. And be it further enabled, That it shall and may be

Quaaer Sessions. lawful to and for any Person or Persons so convidied by any Justice or Justices of the Peace a9 before mentioned, of any Offence or Offences against this A£fc, or against any Rule, Order, or Bye Law made in pursuance thereof, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace assembled at the next General Quarter Sessions or General Sessions to be holden for the County, City, or Place where such Conviction shall be made, on giving immediate Notice of such Appeal, and 'finding sufficient Security, to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, for prosecuting the said Appeal with Efsect, and abiding the Determination of the Court therein ; and such Justices, in such General Quarter Sessions or General Sessions, shall hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal, and may either confirm or quash and annul the said Conviction, and award such Costs to either Party as to them the said Justices shall seem just and reasonable ; and the Deciiion of the said Justices therein shall be final, binding, and con-clufive ; and no Proceedings to be had or taken in pursuance of this Act, shall be quaffed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed by Certiorari, cr any other Writ or Process what foe ver, into any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at Wejhnhijler or elsewhere; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof 'in any wife, notwith-itanding.

For fummening CXLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe

WiifleiTes. lawful to and for any such Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom any such Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures shall be sued for, to summon before him or them any Person or Persons who shall, in or by the Complaint or Information made to him or them, appear to be a necessary Witness as to the Matters thereby charged, to appear before him or them at a Time and Place to be fpecined in the Summons ; and in case such Person so summoned shall not appear according to such Summons, then, upon due Proof of the Service of such Summons in Manner aforesaid, such Person so summoned, and not appearing in Compliance therewith, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be levied and recovered in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as is he re in-before dire died as to other Penalties ; and it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices, to cause such Person to be apprehended by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices, and to be brought before him or them, and thereupon, whether such Person shall appear upon Summons as aforesaid, or shall be apprehended as aforesaid, such Justice or Justices fliali and may proceed to examine him or her upon Oath as to the Matter of such Com-

Hosted by

A.D.1807.'

47° GEO-III. Seff.2.

C.'xv

56X

plaint or Information ; and in case such Person shall refuse to be fwom, or to answer or to give Evidence therein, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Jufcice or Justices, by Warrant ijnder his Idand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, to commit such Person so refilling to be sworn, or to answer, or to give Evidence as aforesaid, to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the City, County, or Place, in or for which such Justice or Justices shall then aft, there to remain for any Space of Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

CXL1X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Per- Penalty on fon?, upon his, her, or their Examination upon Oath before any Justice Perfous guilty or Justices of the Peace acting in Execution of this Aft, shall wilfully of Perjul7-and corruptly give false Evidence touching any Matter or Thing relating to this Aft, or if any Person or Persons shall take or make any false Oath or Affidavit with respect to any Matter or Thing'relating to this Aft, every such Person so offending, and being duly convicted thereof, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as, by any Law in force and effect, Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

CL. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, or For- Recovery of features, exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds, by this Aft imposed, Penalties above for any Offence or Offences committed against this Aft, shall and may ^Record^** bs recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty’s Courts of Record at IVeJlmivJler, wherein no Effoign,

Protedfion, Wager of Law, or any more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed, by the Person or Persons who shall inform and sue for the same, within Three Calendar Months after the Offence or Offences shall be committed ; and one Moiety of all such Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, shall be to and for the Use of our Sovereign Lord the Xing, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof (together with Double Costs of Suit) shall be to and for the Use of the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same.

CLI. And be it further enacted. That when any Distress shall be Distress not to made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this be ^lawful f°r Aft, the Pi ft refs itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor shall the ^r'the tVUes Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trefpaffer or Tref- deemed paffers on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Trefpaflcrs Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or the Proceedings relating thereto, ab initio, nor shall the Party or Parties be deemed a Trefpaffer or Trefpaffers ab initio on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties distraining ; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage sustained in an Action on the Case.

CLII. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against: this Aft, be it further enacted, That every Justice of the Peace, before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against this Aft, ihalland may cause the Conviction to be drawn up according to the following Form ; videlicet, j-E it remembered, That on the

in the Year of our Lord sl. B. is convicted before me	One of His Majesty’s

Justices of the Peace for the	[Here J'pecify	the

Offence and the Time and Place when and where com?nitted, as the Case may be~\ contrary to an Aft of Parliament made in the Eorty-feventh 47 Geo, III.	O,	o	4	Yeat

Day of Form o£

J Conviction,

•

C, Ixviii.

56x

47" GEO. III. Self. 2.	•	A.D'j	807.

c Year of the Reign'of King George the Third, intituled, [jHere insert 6 the Title of this Ai7]. Given under my Hand and Seal the Day and * Year first above written.	‘	C.D

PL'dnliff (liil! not ne-c^vcr'wiihouc N rice or after Tender of Amends.

LiroVtation oi Actions, Six Months,

Venue.

Double Cons.

C.<mrner>eomcr»t of the Act.

Pub lick A

CLIII. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any A6lion to be commenced again ft any Person or Per-fens for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants, Tvventy-one Days before fueh Action, ftgned by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, ipecifying the Cause of such A6lion, nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such A.61 ion if Tender of fufiicient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, at any Time before I flue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceeding, Order, and Judgement shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

CLIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no A6tion or Suit shall be commenced again ft any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, after Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed; and every such ACtion ct Suit shall be brought and tried in the County or Place where the Cause of Action shall arise ; and if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice shall have been given, or after a lufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonfuit-ed, or discontinue his, her, or their ACtion or Suit,, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Double Colls, and have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

CLV. And be it further enabled, That this A6f shall commence and take place, from and after the Fourth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and seven.

CLV I. And be it further enacted, That this A 61 shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and otheis, without being specially pleaded.

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers. PAYMENTS payable to the Deputy Sea Coal or Ship Meters, by Ship Owners, Coal Buyers, or Dealers.

By tlje Ship Owner or Owners.

The Sum of Three Shillings per Twenty Chaldrons for working at the Vat, and so on in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

The Sum of Three Shillings per Day for every Day that the Meters shall be on board of any Ship or Vessel for the Purpose of measuring, Coals thereout, in lieu of Provisions and Drink.

The

A.D. 1807.	470 GEO. Ill SdT.2. C.lxviii—lxx/	563

The Sum of Ten Shillings and Sixpence for travelling Expences, when employed in .the Admeasurement of Coals in miy Ship or Vessel below Green-with, in the County of Kent.

The Sum of One Guinea, upon the Delivery, for each and every Ship or other Vessel, in the Room, of all Allowances in Coals, and all other Gratuities, by or on the Behalf of the Ship Owners.

By the Buyer or Buyers of, or Denier or Dealers in. Coals.

For making out and delivering to him, her, or them, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants, Agent or Agents, a general Bill or Account of the Coals admeafured or delivered out of any Ship or other Vessel, on the Account of any Buyer or Buyers, or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, for each and every such Bill or Account, the several Sums following ; that is to say : The Sum of Three-pence for any Quantity of Coals Iefs than Fifty Chaldrons, fpecilied therein ; the Sum of Sixpence for any Quantity of Coals fpecilied therein equal to Fifty and less than One hundred Chaldrons; and the Sum of Nine-pence for any Quantity of Coals fpecilied therein, equal to One hundred Chaldrons and less than Two hundred Chaldrons; and for Two hundred Chaldrons and any greater Quantity, the Sum of One Shilling.

Cap. Ixix.

An Act for enlarging the Term and altering the Powers of several Adds for the Maintenance and Repair of the Harbour of Dover, in 'the County of Kent.	\	[8th	Augujl	1807.]

“ Former Ads, 11 and 12 W. 3. c. 5.—2 and 3 Anne, c. 7.-—4 G. 1.

r. 13.—9 G. 1. c. 30.—31 G.2.c. 8.—26 G. 3. c. 11. continued -“ for the Term by this Act granted, § 1. {See § 28.)—Certain Ton-<£ nage Rates granted to be taken by the VvTarden, &c. of the Harbour “ of Dover, § 2, 3.—Rates payable only once in a Year, § 4,-— Ad “ not to extend to King's Ships, § 5.—The Rates dial] be paid ee by Foreign Ships, § 6.—Rules for enforcing and collecting the “ Rates, § 7, 12.

XIII.	And be it further enacted, That the said Warden or his Accounts (Bali Lieutenant, and the other Assistants of the said Harbour, and their be yearly laid Successors, shall yearly lay before each House of Parliament, a true before Account of the Receipt and Application of all Monies which shall be ai iaraent received by the said Warden or his Lieutenant, and the Assistants of the said Harbour, and their Successors, by virtue of this Ad. cc Power to borrow Money, on Security of the Rates, § 14, 18.— u Recovery and Application of Penalties, § 19, See.-—Public Ad,

<c § 27.—Continuance of Ad Twenty-one Years, &c. from the End “ of the present Session of Parliamenty § 28.

Cap. Ixx.

An Ad to revive and continue for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, so much of several Ads palled as relate to the better regulating of Pilots for conducting Ships and Vessels from Dover, Deal, and the Isle ofTbamt, up the Rivers of Thames and Medway*	[8th	Augujl	1807.]

^ Recital of 3 G. t. c. 13. amended by 7 G. 1. c. 21.; (continuedby v” IO G. 1. c. 17. ; 8 G; 2, c. 2 1. ; 23 G, 2. c, 26. > 4 G. 3. r. 12.;

O02	iSG. 3.

5^4

Pilots shall not in future quit Ships at Gravesend wi.hcut leave of Captain, or until another Pilot conies on board.

Rales of Pilotage to OJraveleml, ths >Jore, and the Medway.

C.lxx.	47®	GEO. III. Seff.a.	A.D-i807-'

“ 18 G. 3. c. 45.; 32 G. 3. c. 36. ;) and amended by 43 G. 3. c. 152. ; . “ further continued for Seven Years, and until the End of the then “ next Session of Parliament, §1.

II. * And Whereas great Delays and Lodes and great Prejudice

*	to Trade will arise, if Pilots belonging to Dover, Deal, or the Isle i ofThanet, taking Charge of Ships or Veffeis into the River Thames ‘ or Medway, are allowed to quit any Ship or Vessel before the Ar-

*	rival of such Ship or Vessel at the Place of her Destination, in the ‘ Thames or Medway be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Expiration of Twelve Months next after the palling of this A 61, if any Pilot belonging to Dover, Dealor the Isle ofThanct, taking Charge of any Ship or Vessel into the Thames or Medway, shall quit such Ship or Vessel at Gravesend, or in any other Part of the Thames, or in any Part of the Medway, before such Ship or Vessel shall have arrived at the Place to which such Ship or Vessel is bound in the said River Thames or Medway refpeCtively, without the Consent of the Captain, or unless or before any other Pilot shall come on board to take the Charge and Conduct of such Ship or Vessel, every such Pilot shall forfeit for every such Offence all Pay or Reward to which he might be entitled for having conduced or piloted such Ship or Vessel into the River Thames or Medway.

<c During the said Twelve Months Pilots may take the Rates in this “ Act contained, § 3.

IV. * And Whereas it is expedient to grant higher and greater 6 Rates and prices for Pilotage, and at the same Time to prevent any

*	exorbitant Demands for Pilotage be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Twentieth Day of Mugufl One thousand eight hundred and seven, the following Rates or Prices, and no greater or other Rate or Price, shall be demanded and taken by Pilots of or belonging to Dover, Deal, or the Isle ofThanet, for the piloting or conducting of Ships and Veffeis from Dover, Deal, or the Isle ofThanet> to any Place or Places in or upon the said River of Thames or Med-way ; (that is to say),

For the piloting or conducting any Ship or Vessel from Dover, Deal, ot the Isle ofThanet, to Gravesend on the River Thames, to the No re or to Sheemefs and Stangaie Creek, or other Parts of the River Medway, the Rates and Prices following, and no greater or other Rates or Prices ; (that is to say),

For all Veffeis drawing less than Seven Feet Water, Five Pounds :

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Seven Feet Water, Five Pounds and Five Shillings :

For every Ship- or Vessel drawing Seven Feet and a Half Water, Five Pounds Twelve Shillings and Sixpence :

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Eight Feet Water, Six Pounds : For every Ship or Vessel drawing Eight Feet and a Half Water, Six Pounds Seven Shillings and Sixpence :,

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Nine Feet Water, Six Pounds and Fifteen Shillings :

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Nine Feet and a Half Water, Seven Pounds Two Shillings and Sixpence :

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Ten Feet Water, Seven Pounds and Ten Shillings;

For

Hosted by

5^5

A.D. 1807.	47° GEO. III. Seff. 2. C.	lxx.

For every Ship or VefTel drawing Ten Feet and a Half Water, Seven Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Sixpence :

For every Ship or Vessel drawing Eleven Feet Walter, Eight Pounds and Five Shillings:

For every Ship or VefTel drawing Eleven Feet and a Half Water, Eight Pounds Twelve Shillings and Sixpence :

For every Ship or VefTel drawing Twelve Feet Water, Nine Pounds : For every Ship or VefTel drawing Twelve Feet and a Half Water, Nine Pounds Seven Shillings and Sixpence :

For every Ship or VefTel drawing Thirteen Feet Water, Nine Pounds and Fifteen Shillings :

For every Ship or VefTel drawing Thirteen Feet and a Half Water, Ten Pounds Two Shillings and Sixpence :

For every Ship or VefTel drawing Fourteen Feet Water, Ten Pounds and Ten Shillings :

For every Ship or VefTel drawing Fourteen Feet and a Half Water, Ten Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Sixpence.:

For every Ship or VefTel drawing Fifteen Feet of Water, Eleven Pounds and Five Shillings :

For every Ship or VefTel drawing Fifteen Feet and a Half Water, Eleven Pounds and Twelve Shillings and Sixpence :

For every Ship or VefTel drawing Sixteeiv Feet Water, Twelve Pounds:

For every Ship or VefTel drawing Sixteen Feet and a Half Water, Twelve Pounds Seven Shillings and Sixpence :

For every Ship or VefTel drawing Seventeen Feet Water, Twelve Pounds and Fifteen Shillings :

For every Ship or VefTel drawing Seventeen Feet and a Half Water, Fourteen Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Sixpence :

For every Ship or VefTel, drawing Eighteen Feet Water, Fifteen Pounds and Six Shillings :

For every Ship or VefTel drawing Eighteen Feet and a Half Water, Fifteen Pounds and Fourteen Shillings :

For every Ship or VefTel drawing Nineteen Feet Water, SixteenPounis and Thirteen Shillings :

For esrery Ship or VefTel drawing Nineteen Feet and a Half Water, Twenty Pounds Nine Shillings and Sixpence :

And for every Ship or VefTel drawing Twenty Feet Water, Twenty* one Pounds.

For the piloting or conducing any Ship or VefTel up the River Thames Rate* of beyond Graiefend as far as Long Reach oh the River Thames, the P‘loraSe from Rates and Prices following, and no greater or other Rates or Prices : 9avt£nd (that isto fay),	.	W S«ch

For every Ship or VefTel drawing not more than Ten Feet Water, Tea Shillings and Sixpence:

For every Ship or VefTel drawing from Ten and a Half to Twelve Feet Water, Fifteen Shillings :

For every Ship or VeiTel drawing from Twelve and a Half to Four*

‘ teen Feet Water, Seventeen Shillings and Sixpence ;

For every Ship or VefTel drawing from Fourteen apd a Half to Sixteen Feet Water, One Pound and One Shilling ;

For every Ship or VefTel drawing from Sixteen and a Half to Eighteen Feet Water, One Pound Eleven Shillings and Sixpence ;

O 0 3	Ap4

566

C lxx.

470 GEO. TIL SeT. 2.	A.D.	1807.

Rates of Pilotage from Giavelend to Kincic.v.i II ujd London.

And for every Ship or VefTel drawing from Eighteen and a Half to Twenty Feet Water, Two Pounds and, Two Shillings.

The above Rates or Prices to be in Addition to the Fates or Prices allowed by this Act for the Pilotage of any filch Ships or Vessels from Dover, Deal, or the Isle of Thanet to Grave/end.

For the piloting or .conducting any Ship or VefTel up the River Thames beyond JGravefend, and also beyond Long Reach upon the River Thames, to Blackball and London, the Rates and Prices following, and no greater or other Rates or Prices :

For every Ship or VefTel drawing not; more than Ten Feet .Water, One Pound and One Shilling:

For every Ship or VeiTd drawing from Ten and a Half to Twelve Feet Water, One Pound and Ten Shillings :

For every Ship or VefTel drawing from Twelve and a Half to Fourteen Feet Water, One Pound and Fifteen Shillings :

For every Ship or VeiTel drawing from Fourteen and a Half to Sixteen Feet Water, Two Pounds and Two Shillings:

For every Ship or VefTel drawing from Sixteen and a Half Feet Water, to Eighteen Feet-Water, Three Pounds and Three Shillings :

And for every Ship or VefTel drawing from Eighteen and a Half to Twenty Feet Water, Four Pounds and Four Shillings.

R^rc of Pilotage for c-nriving n Ship

m!o R mifga’.e Harbour.

The above Rates and Prices to be in Addition to the Rates and Prices allowed by this Act for the Pilotage of any such Ship from Dover, Deal, and the JJle oj Thanet, to Gravesend.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Pilot of or belonging to Dover, Deal, or the Isle of Thanet, who shall take Charge of and conduct any Ship or Veffelinto RamJ'gate Harbour, shall be entitled and shall receive for such Pilotage at and after the Rate of Five Shillings for every Foot of the Draught of Water of the Ship or VefTel To piloted and conducted by him into Ramsgate Harbour, if inch Ship or VefTel shall have been so piloted and conducted into Ramsgate Harbour in moderate Weather; and if such Ship or VefTel shall have been so piloted or conducted into Ramsgate Harbour under any Circumitances of Distress, then such Pilot {lrallfce entitled to such Sum of Money, to be calculated according to the Extent and Circumstances of such Distress, as the Commissioners of Salvage eft-ablifhed under the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports shall upon Application eitner of the Pilot or Owner or Matter of any such Ship or VefTel, upon enquiring into all such Circumstances, direct j and such Com-miflioners Ilnli and they are hereby required upon any such Application made to enquire into all such Circumstances, and to determine the Amount of the Sum so to be paid for the Pilotage of any such Ship or VefTel into Ramsgate Harbour, without any Fee or Reward for so doing.	,	,

Pilots shall be examined as to conducting Ships into Ramsgate iiui b.ur.

VI. f And Whereas Rqmfgate Harbour hath become much fre-c quented as a Port of Safety, and Ships and Veftels lying in or failing

*	through the Downs, being near to Ramsgate Harbour, are often-1 times compelled to run for Ramsgate Harbour; and it is therefore f necessary that all Pilots of or belonging to Dover, Deal, or the Isle ‘ of Thanet should he able and should be pompellable to pilot and con*

*	dutft Ships and.Veftels into Ramsgate Harbour in case of Necessity or ( Distress, and that all such Pilots should therefore be examined as

*	to their Abilities'!;o'conduct Ships or Veftels into Ramsgate Harbour ;5

C.lxx—Ixxii.

5*7

.A.D. j8o7.	47°GEO. III. SeflT. 3.

be it therefore enacted, That all Pilots of or belonging to Dover,

Deal, or the Isle of Thanet, fball qualify themselves, and shall be examined as to their Qualification and Ability to conduct any Ship or VefTel into Ramsgate Harbour; and that all Pilots of or belonging to Dover, Deaf and the Isle of 'fhanet, shall be obliged to pilot any Ships or Vessels under their Care or Conduct into Ramsgate Harbour in all Cases in which it may be expedient for any such Ships or Vessels to take Shelter or go into the said Harbour ; and if any Pilot of or be- Penalty for longing to .Dover, Deal or the Isle of Fhanet, shall refuse to take Charge of or conduit any Ship or Vefiel under his Care, or of which he shall have the Charge as a Pilot, into Ramsgate Harbour, in any such Case as aforesaid, such Pilot Pnall forfeit all Pay and Reward to which he might other wise be entitled, and be i object to inch Fine or other Pu'nifhment for his Refufai to take Charge or or conduct inch Ship or Vefiel into Ramsgate Harbour as the Court or Load Manage shall impose or adjudge.

Not to extend to KingL Ships, See. § 7.—Puhlick Act, § 8.

, Cap. Ixxi,

An Act for the Improvement of the Harbour of Tnys Congor, situated on the Coast of Efioncdd, in the County of Carnarvon.

[bth Augujl 1807,]

William Alexander Madocks Esquire, and his Heirs and Assigns em-u powered to make the Harbour, and to levy certain JTonnage Duties “ and Duties on Goods imported and exported.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and ^ t h™Wor k s Persons whomsoever, who shall at any Time 01: Time3 hereafter, wil- guilty of Felony, fully or defjgned.lv demob’/h, break down, damage, or fet on fire the said Pier, Quay, Wharf, or any of the Works which shall be conftrudtd in, or which fnall belong to the said Harbour, or who shall wilfully do any Damage to any of the Shipping or Goods within the same, or who shall wilfully or designedly extinguish or put out any of the Lights ufedin or belonging to the said Harbour, for the -Safety and Protection of the Ships or other Vessels resorting to the same, fnall be adjudged guilty of Felony ; and the Court by and before whom, iuch Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be transported for the Term of Seven Years ; or, in Mitigation of PuniiTiment, mav award iuch Sentence as the Law directs in Cafe<5 of Petit Larceny.

Cap. Ixxii.

An Act for better supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Parishes of Stratford Bo<w, otherwise Stratford le Bow, Saint John Hackney, Saint Mary Islington, Saint Matthew Bethnell Green, and several other Parishes, riamlets, Townships, and Places adjacent or near thereunto, in the Counties of Middlesex and EJfex.

[8th Augujl 1807 ]

H The Company of Proprietors of the East London Waterworks, in-“ corporated.—Empowered to make Water-works, at Stralfordy iC Hackney, Islington, Newington, Tottenham, Spitalfields, Ratcliss, &zc,

“ &c.—ri'o l'upply the same with the Water from the River Lee*

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall deftrrving knowingly, wilfully, or maliciously break, throw down, damage, or Works,

O o ^	deftroy	Single Felony.

tJu. J-4

----f-bU'

5*8	C.lxxii—Ixxlv.	470GEO* III. Self. 2* A.D. 1807.

destroy any Banks or other Works ereTed, made, or maintained by virtue of this Ail, then and in every such Case every such Person shall be judged guilty of Felony, and the Court by and before whom inch Person or Persons shall be tried and conviiled shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be transported for '	the	Term of Seven Y ears, or, in Mitigation of such Punishment, such

Court may award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny.

‘‘ Saving of the Rights of the City of London, § ji.—And of the New River Company, § 53 *

Cap. lxxiii.

G* 3- c- 30, An Ait to alter, amend, and render more effectual, an Ail, patted in the Nineteenth Year of His pvelent Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the several Parities with the Hundred of Cosford, except the Parish of Hadleigh, and also the Parish of Polstead, within the Hundred of Babcrgh, in the County of 1Suffolk.	[ 6th Augujl 1807. J

Dublin Grand Juries required to make Presentment and Aflcflmenr of the whole Aniwupc of the Value of Ground and Piemifes pm chafed, to be a .Ailed >>y a hLale of one Shilling in the Pound, p-jyjhle Half yearly.

Cap. lxxiv.

An Ail for improving, and rendering more commodious, such Part of the County and County of the City of Dublin, as is iituate on the South Side of the River Anna Lijfey. and Well of His Majesty *s Castle of Dublin ; and for the Appointmen^of an Infpeilorof the Preferments and other Accounts of the County of the City afore-faidt	[8th	Augujl	1807.]

r? Former Iriflo Ails, viz. 3r G. 2. c. 19.—33 G. 2. c. 15.—7 G. 3. <c c. 7.— 21 and 22 G. 3. c. 17. - 23 and24G. 3. c. 31.—26 G. 3. r.32. “ —27 G. 3. c.43.—30 G.3. c. —36G. i. c. 54.-39 G. 3. c. 53. -“ 40 G. 3. c.61, confirmed and applied to the Execution of this Ail, “ § 1, 2.—Commiffioners empowered to purchase Lands and take 4< down Buildings, Sec. § 3—9.

' X. And whenever the said Commissioners shall have caused any Ground, or any Houle or Houses, or any Premises to be valued by a Jury in Manner by the said recited Ails, or One of them, directed, an authentic Copy of the Inquilition and Finding, ligned by Three or more of the said Commissioners, shall on the First Sitting-day of any Eajler or Michaelmas Term, be laid before the Court of King’s Bench by the said Commissioners ; and the said Court of King’s Bench final), in each and every such Case, charge the Grand Jury of the CouRty of the City of Dublin, and the Grand Jury of the County of Dublin, to meet in One Room, at a certain Time to be named by the Court ; and it shall be then lawful for the said Grand Juries so assembled, or any Twenty-four or more of them, and they are hereby required, to present the whole Amount of such Finding or Findings, so laid before them ; and the Sum and Sums of Money so presented by such Grand Juries,-fhall beraised, levied, and collected by Two equal Instalments, One Instalment in every Eajler Term, and the other Instalment in every Michaelmas Term, on all and every the Houses and other Buildings erected or to be erected, within the District of the Metropolis, and all such Instalments shall be paid by all and every the Owners or Occupiers of such Houses and Buildings refpe£tively ; and for the better railing of the said Instalments, it shall and may be lawful

to

Hosted by

5^9

more of them, and they are hereby empowered to present, rate, and assess on all such Houses and Buildings any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding One Shilling in the Pound in any One Year* on the Value of all such Houses or other Buildings, according to the Valuation by which such Houles and Buildings respectively are now, or hereafter may be, valued or rated, for or towards the Maintenance of the Watch Eftabliffiment of the said District and every such Prefent-ment, Rate, or AiTeflment, when so made, shall be signed by Twenty-four of such Jurors, and when so signed, ffiall be allowed by the Court.

XI.	And be it further enacted, That from and after any and every Trenfurcr■ fbalt such Prefentrnent, the Treasurers of the Grand Juries of the County affcfs the Ome of the City of Dublin, and County of Dublin respectively, fnall, after accordingly-every Eajler and Michaelmas Term, afleis without any further Pre-

fentment or Direction of any subsequent Grand Jury, the said Half-yearly Rate or Rates so presented as aforesaid, on the respective Owners and Occupiers aforesaid, and deliver the same in Warrants to the Collectors herein-after mentioned, and so from Time to Time until the whole Amount of the General Preientment shall have been raised, from which Time the same respective Rates shall cease and be no longer payable.

XII.	And, to the End that the said Half-yearly Rates may be Grand Juries the more easily afTefTed upon the said Houses and Buildings, and lUts to^b”° their respective Owners and Occupiers, be it further enacted, That it a;j Houses**1 shall be lawful for the said Grand Juries of the County of the City and Buitdings of Dublin, and County of Dublin respectively, of the Term wherein liable to be any such Half-yearly Rate or Rates shall have been presented, by Re- ralecl-quifitions in Writing, to be signed by their respective Treasurers, to

require the proper Officer to furniffi to the said respective Treasurers of the Grand Juries, within Twenty Days next after the End of such Term, true and correct Lifts of all Houses or other Buildings within the District of the Metropolis, which are or hereafter ffiall be liable to be rated, towards the Maintenance of the "Watch Eftabliffiment of the said City ; and also true and con-eft Returns of the respective Valuations, according to which such Houses or other Buildings now are or hereafter ffiall be rated, towards the Maintenance of the said Eftabliffiment, and also Yearly and every Year afterwards during the Continuance of any such Half-yearly Rate, by like Requ iition, to be made Two Calendar Months before the Sitting Day of Eajler Term, to require the said Officer to furniffi to the said respective Treasurers, within Twenty-one Days before the Sitting Day of the said Eajler Term, true and correct Lifts of all such Houses and other Buildings, within the respective Counties, as may have been valued under the Authority of any Aft of Parliament for regulating the Peace Eftabliffi-ment of the said District, or of any other Law subsequent to the last Return made pursuant to this Aft, together with a true and correct.

Return of all and every such Valuation ; and the said proper Officer is hereby required to transmit to the said respective Treasurers, at the respective Times aforesaid, such Lifts and Returns as aforesaid, verified by Affidavit : And if any such Officer or Officers ffiall refuse or neglect to transmit any such Lift or Return at any of the respective Times aforesaid, or to verify the same as aforesaid, then, and in every such Case, he and they ffiall, for each and every such

Default,

Hosted by

C. lxxiv.

47° GEO. Ill, SdT. 2.

A.D. 1807

Allowance to Trenfurer and Sec re tat y, by Prefenrmtnis of Grand Juries.

For paying Interest of Mon ies by Frcfc ntments ■-1 the Grand jus iec.

no'xance to Clerk, of Com miiTioners hy Fre.'entment of Grand jury.

Default, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, or on the Case, in any of His Ma-jefty’s Courts of Record at Dublin, to be brought in the Name of the Treasurer of the County of the City of Dublin, or of the County of Dublin, as the Case may be, and applied as Part of the Publick Money of the said County of the City, or County respectively.

“ Treasurers shall make the Rates by such Lifts, and deliver the same “ to Colledlors, who shall colled!: and account for the same, § 13—22.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Grand Juries of the County of the City of Dublin, from Time to Time to present such Sum or Sums of Money as they {ball think proper, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of One hundred Pounds at each EaJIer and Michaelmas Term, and to and for the Grand Juries of the County of Dublin, from Time to Time to present such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Fifty Pounds at each EaJIer and Michaelmas Term for their respective Treasurers and Secretaries, and . in such Shares and Proportions, as the said Grand Juries shall think proper, in Conftderation of the additional Labour, Trouble, and Ex-pence of their said respective Treasurers and Secretaries, in making out the Lifts and Returns aforesaid, and also in drawing and entering the said Presentments, and making out Books for Collection. u Inquisitions of Juries shall be enrolled in Chancery, § 24. — Com-‘c miffioners empowered to apply the Monies raised under the Act, “ and to borrow Money on Security of the Rates, § 25—32.

XXXIII. And, to the End and Intent that the Interest of the said Sum may be duly and regularly paid Half-yearly, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Secretary of the said Commissioners shall, on the First Sitting Day of every EaJIer and Michaelmas Term, lay before the Court of King's Bench the Amount of the Interest due on said Securities, and the said Court of King’s Bench shall, in each and every such Case, charge the Grand Jury of the County of the City of Dublin, and the Grand Jury of the County of Dublin, to meet in One Room at a certain Time to be named by the Court, and it shall be then lawful for the said Grand Jury so convened, or any Twenty-four Members thereof, and they are hereby required to pre— sent the whole Amount of such Interest folaid before them, and such Interest Monies when so presented, shall be raised and levied on and out of all and every the Hcufes and other Buildings erected or to be erected within the District of the Metropolis, and shall be paid by all and every the Owners or Occupiers thereof respectively in such and the like Manner, and according to the same Mode of Affieffment, and by such and the same Ways and Means as is herein-before directed, with respect to the Preientments found on the Inquisitions hereinbefore mentioned.

*4 Treasurers shall aftefs such Rates accordingly; and the same shall be collected and applied to Payment of the said Interect, § 24—36, <r —Commiffioners empowered to ditpofe of Surplus Money, Ground, (i Materials, &c. § 37—40.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and m3y be lawful to and for the Grand Juries of the County of the City of Dublin, from Time to Time, to present such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, not exceeding, in the Whole, the Sum of Twenty-

live

C. lxxiv.

A.D. 1807.	47°	GEO.	III.	SefT.2.

1

five Pounds at each Easter and Michaelmas Term, and to and for the Grand Juries of the County of Dublin from Time to Time to pre-fent such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, not exceeding, in the Whole, the Sum of Fifteen Pounds at each Eefter and Michaelmas Term for the Clerk of the said Com miffi oners, in Consideration of the additional Labour, Trouble, and Expences, he ' may be put to by the Provisions of this Adi.

XLI1. 4 And for the better and more regular auditing, not only Appointment of 4 the Accounts ol the Treafurerof the County of the City of Dub-	to

* lin, and the Accounts of the several Collectors who may be em- Accounts of the 4 ployed to collect the aforesaid Rates and Duties directed to be raised Collectors Of 4 in pursuance of this A dl, but aifo the Accounts of all Coiledlors of Grand Jury 4 Grand Jury Eels for the County of the City of Dublin, by Pre- - Cess for the 4 "fentmentbe it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That within ^uniyoftbe Thirty-one Days after the palling of this Adi, the Treasurer of the ^ ° U° 'n* County of the City of Dublin, Pnall cause an Advertilement to be publifiled in the Dublin Gazette, fgnifying that [hereftate the Name of the Foreman,] who was the F< reman, and the several Persons who were sworn Grand Jurors for ti e County of the City of Dublin, at Easter Term last, [ here state the Tear, ] Shall assemble in the'Grand Jury Room at the Court of K ng’s Bench on the Day therein to be appointed, which Day shall be within Ten Days after the Date and publishing of the Advertisement, at the Hour of One of the Clock, to elect a lit and proper Person to be Infpedlor of the public Accounts of the said County of the City of Dublin ; and the ibid Grand Jurors, or any Twelve or more of them, being lo convened, shall accordingly proceed to elect, by a Majority of Voices, a fit and proper Person to be such Inlpedtor ; and the Foreman, or, in \his Absence, the Person who shall be higheftin the Lift, attending, Shall preside ; and if the Grand Jurors so attending shall happen to make an even Number, and are equally divided in their Votes, the Person presiding shall have a double or calling Voice, and immediately after the Election the •

Foreman or Person presiding, shall lign a Certificate that, puriuant to this Adi, A,B. of	was	duly	eledted Inlpedtor

of the public Accounts of the City of Dublin, which Certificate shall be lodged with the Clerk of the Crown, to be kept amongst the Records of his Office ; and the Person so elected, before he Shall take upon him the Execution of the Office, shall make, before One of the Judges of the Court of King’s Bench, the following Affidavit, which Shall be deposited with the Clerk of the Crown, and shall be hied with the Certificate of his Election :

4 £ A. B. being elected to the Office of Infpedlor of the Public Ac-4 counts of the County of the City of Dublin, do swear, that as 4 long as I Shall continue to be such Infpedlor, I will execute the 4 Duties of that Office as by Law directed, impartially, and to the 4 bell of my Abilities, without Fayour, Partiality, Hatred, or Malice /

XLIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the £>uly Gf Duty of the said Infpedlor Shall be to receive from the Calhier, or Infpe&or, iu other Officer of the Bank of Ireland, an Account ligned by the said examining Cadiier, or proper Officer, which he is hereby required to give on De- Accounts,calling mand, Hating the Balance in the Bank to the Credit of the County ™ i^°thc fnrae* of the City of Dublin, on the Effioign Day of the preceding Term, before Grand and the Amounts of all Receipts and Payments made subsequent to Jury, it; and which Account the Infpedlor shall compare with the Trea-

furer’s,

Mode of puffing Treasurer’s Accounts before

:ut Grand Jury*

Ukxiv*	47°	GEO.	III.	Sell:	2.	A.D.1807,

furcr’s Book* and Vouchers, and having ascertained wlmt Part of the said Balance belongs to the respective Parishes, such Infpedlor shall lay such Account before the Grand Jury, on the First Sitting Day of each Term, and shall personally attend at the Court of King’s Bench, on the First. Sitting Day of each and ever}’- Term, if not prevented by Sickneis or unavoidable Accident; and if so prevented, (hail depute and fend in his Place a Person, for whom such Infpt&or shall be answerable, to receive all Affidavits to ground Presentments, which he Shall examine, and report any Error therein ; and such Infpedlor, or other Person as aforesaid, shall examine all Affidavits, accounting for the Expenditure of Money, that shall have been delivered to the Grand Jury ; and after having received from the Clerk of the Crown the Affidavits on which the Presentments accounted for were grounded, which the Clerk of the Crown is hereby directed to deliver each Term, on Demand, to such Infpedtor; and the said Ii.fpedlcr, or other Person as aforesaid, shall annex them together, audit and compare them, and shall lay them, with all convenient Speed, before the Grand Jury, together with any Remarks that may occur to him, to be examined by the Jury, and to be allowed or diiallowed by them ; and all fucU Affidavits, together with the Presentments that the Grand Jury shall make, shall be laid before the C ourt of King’s Bench, on the Sitting Day next but Two before ihe last Day of Term ; and all such Accounts and Presentments shall be returned by the Clerk of the Crown to the Infpedlor, who shall, on or before the la ft Day of Term, produce to the Grand Jury engraven Drafts in the Form following, payable to the Persons who fvvore to the Expenditure of the Money, and whose Accounts were allowed, or to whom Money was presented to be paid, and which was allowed by the Court:

To the Governors and Company of the Bank of Ireland,

<c Pay to	or	Bearer,	the	Sum	of

“	which	place	to	the	Account	of	the	County of the

“ City of Dublin*	Term	One	thoufand	eight

“ hundred and

“ C. D, Inspector of City Accounts.” All which Drafts shall be signed by the Foreman of the said Grand Jury, and the Infpedtor shall deliver such Drafts to the Treasurer of the County of the City of Dublin, to be by him given to the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Drafts refpetfively were drawn, on the proper Receipt of such Person or Persons in the City Book ; and upon Delivery of the Drafts to such Person or Persons, the Treasurer ffiall counteriign them with his Name, and shall alio specify therein the Day of the Month and Year ; and every such Draft so drawn and countersigned, shall be to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or their Cashier, full and lawful Authority to pay the Contents thereof to the Drawer, or his or her Order, out of the Monies so as aforesaid to be paid into the said Bank, by the said Trea** surer, ,011 account and to the Credit of the said County of the City of JDublln.

XLIV. And be it further enadsted, by the Authority aforesaid, That in each Term, when the Treasurer of the said City shall lay his ,Ac* counts upon Oath before the Grand Jury, he shall produce to the said Grand Jury the Receipts of the O verfeers whose Accounts were allow* ed, and alio the Receipts of the several Persons to whom any Money was presented to be paid, and which were allowed by the Court, or the 3	Drafts

G’.lxxW*

573

A.D. 1807.	470 GEO. III. Seif. 2.

Drafts of the Infpedlor, if the Monies for which Drafts respectively were drawn, have not been demanded; and at every Eqfler and Michaelmas Term, after the accounting Affidavits, and the Prefent-ments empowering any Overseer to expend any Sums in executing any public Work, shall have been fiated by the Court, the Infpedlor shall make out an Account for the said City at large, in which the said Infpedlor Shall make the said City the Debtor for the Amount of all fucli Sums as have been at former Terms accounted for, and that have not been demanded ; and for the Amount of all Sums (landing on the Quere Book the First Day of that Term, for thp said City at large, and that maybe accounted for, and for the Amount of all Sums that were presented and fiated that Term, and shall give the said City Credit for such Part of the Ca(h in the Bank as shall belong to the find City at large ; and after having (Iruckthe Balance, shall proportion it as near as may be upon the several Pariffies, and shall in like Manner make out a separate Account for each Pariffi, adding to the Debit Side the Proportion of the Sum that the Parish is to pay, which was presented on the said City at large in that Term ; and having firuck the Balance at the Bottom of the Account of each Parish, the Grand Jury, on the lad Day of Term, shall present those Balances to be raised in the several Parishes, and fnali at the same Time lay before the Court the several Accounts signed by the said Infpedlor : Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Court to fiat over and above those several Sums, all Arrears that the Collectors shall return, and which the Grand Jury (hail present to be levied on the District orParifii where such Arrears became due, in addition to the Portion such District or Parish is to pay, of the Sum presented at that Term to be applotted ; and the said Infpedlor shall, on the lall Day of each Term, deliver to the Clerk of the Crown all such Affidavits and Accounts as he shall have received from the Grand Jury or the Cierk of the Crown, together with the City Accounts, that they may be preserved amongst the Records of the Office.

XLV. And be it further enabled by the Authority aforesaid. That upon the Death, Resignation, or Removal of any Infpedlor of the publick Accounts of the County of the City of Dublin, the Election of an Infpedlor to fill the said Office, io vacant, shall be made by the Foreman and Grand Jurors of the next preceding Easier or Michaelmas Term, as it shall happen to be, after such Vacancy shall take place, and shall be made and certified in the same Manner, and in the like Number of Days as is herein-before directed for the Election of an Infpedlor ot the publick Accounts ; and it fnali and may be lawful for the Grand Jury at -each Eajhr and Michaelmas Term, to present a Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, to be raised upon the County of the City of Dublin at large; to Be paid as a Salary to the Infpedlor of Accounts, so to be appointed, in Coniideration of his Labour and Trouble in the Diicharge of the Duties of the said Office: Provided always, that no Person adding as Infpedlor or Collector, under this Add, shall be capable of serving on such Grand Jury, during such Time as he shall be acting as such Infpedlor or Collector.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the Grand Jury of the County of the City of Dublin, to present and raise, in theulual Manner, on the said County of the City of Dublin, from Time to Time, any Sum or Sums of Money, which they shall think reasonable $id proper, not

exceeding

\

The Grand Ju;y shall nominate a. new Infpedtor upon Vacancies.

Allowance- to mm by Piefcntmer.t.

Providing Stationary for publick Use by Presentment of Grand Jury.

Saving for furifdidtion of Scnefchah.

Certain Mnr-ri.4gesfolemr.uzed in che Parish while the Church was in a Stare of Decay, declared valid.

Ministers who solemnized such Marriages mdemrehed.

C.Ixxiv—lxxvi.	47° GEO. III. Self. 2.	A.D. 1807,

exceeding in the Whole the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds, at each Rafter and Michaelmas Term, for Printing-Work, Books, and Stationary, for the life of the fuid County of the City of Dublin, and of the Seliions Court in the said City, and every such Presentment or Presentments shall be allowed by the Court.

•	XLVIL Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Adi contained shall lessen or alter in any reipeSl the Rights, Powers, Privileges, and Jurisdictions of the Chief Seneschal of the Courts of Record in all Places within the Lortlships, Manors, Hereditaments, Lands, Fees, and Liberties of the Precindls of the Cathedral Church of the Holy and Undivided Trinity, or of the Archbishopric of Dublin, or of the Cathedral Church of Saint Patrick, or of any Offices belonging to the said Comts refpedtivcly, but that the Rights, Powers, Privileges, and Jurisdictions of such Senefchals reipedtively shall remain and be possessed and exercised by them, and each o£ them re-ipeblively, and their Successors in like Manner as if this Adi had not been made.

Publick Adi, § 48.

Cap* lxxv.

An Adi for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Pari ill Saint Michael in the Liberties of the City of, Limerick, andadjoining the said City, and for preventing and removing the Nuisances therein.	[8th Augujl	1807.]

Cap. lxxvi.

An Adi for taking down the present Church, and providing a new Church and Chureli-yard, in the Parish of Wallfend, in the County of Northumberland, and for rendering valid certain Marriages io-lemnized in the said Parish while the present Church has been in a State of Decay.	[8th Augujl	1807..]

<c Dean and Chapter of Durham empowered to grant to Trullees ap-pointed under the Adi, the Scite of a New Church, to be called u Walls End Church ; after the Consecration of the New Cl lurch no u Banns of Marriage shall be publilhed, Marriage solemnized, or pub-cc lick Baptism performed in the Old Church, § 23.

XLIIL ‘ And Whereas on Account of the ruinous State of the said f present Pariili Church of Wallfend, Divine Service could not be per-‘ formed therein, but hath for force Time pash been performed in a 6 certain Room at Wallfend afore said, commonly called The Vejlry* { Room, and iome Marriages have been solemnized, and Banns of ‘ Matrimony publifned therein by the officiating Minister of the said

*	Parilh Church for the Time being, under an erroneous Conception ‘ arvd Belief that such Marriages and Banns might lawfully be so fo-f lemnized and published respectively, in consequence of the ruinous ‘ State of the said Parish Church be it further enacted, That the said Marriages so solemnized, and Banns publilhed, Shall be as good and valid in the Law to all Intents and Furpofes what foe ver as if the same had been solemnized and publilhed respectively in the said Parish Church.

XLIV. And be it further enacied, That the Minister or Ministers who solemnized the said Marriages, and published the said Banns of Matrimony rep edtively,' shall be and he and they is and are hereby indemnified

C. lxxvi—Ixxxi.

575

A .D. 1807.	470	GEO.	III. Self.2.

demnified again!! the Penalties inflicted by a certain Adi of Parliament, palled in the Twenty-fixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of clandeflne Marriages, upon Persons who shall solemnize Marriages in any other Place than a G'hurch or publick Chapel in which Banns bad been usually published before or at the Time of passing the said Act.

XLV. And be it further enabled, That the Regiiters of the Marriages so solemnized as aforesaid, or Copies thereof, shall be received in all Courts of Law and Equity as Evidence of Inch Marriages, in the same Manner as Regiiters of Marriages solemnized in the said Parish Church of Wall fend, or Copies thereof, are received in Evidence : Provided nevertheless, that in all such Courts the same Objedlicns shall be available to the receiving such Regiiters or Copies in Evidence as would have been available to the receiving the lame as Evidence, if such Regiiters or Copies had related to Marriages solemnized in Parish Churches or Chapels in which Banns were ulually published, before or at the Time of pafQng the said Adi of the Twenty-fixth Year of the Reign 'of His late Majesty King George the Second.

Cap. Ixxvii.

An Adi for erecting a Chapel on certain extra parochial Land called Standard HiU, near.the Town of Nottingham.	[8th Auguf 1807.3

Cap. Ixxviii.

An Adi for the more speedy and easy Recovery of Small Debts in the Soakes of Bolingbrooke and Horncqflle, and other Places, in the r County of Lincoln,	[8th	Auguf	1807,]

tc Adis 18 G. 3. c. 34. ; 19 G. 3. c. 43. in Part repealed.—Jurifdic-ic tion of Commissioners under the present Adt	Record of

“ Judgement may be removed into Supreme Courts, and Execution “ levied thereon with 20 s. extra Colls—(See ch. vii. of this Section.) “ Privilege not allowed to Attornies.

Cap. lxxix.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts in the Town and Borough of Jpfivicb, in the County of Sifolk.

[8th Auguf 1807.3

Jurisdiction §£5.—Extra Costs on Execution from Superior Courts “ 1 os.— No T- ivilege to Attornies.

Cap. lxxx.

An Adi to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Surrey Canal to complete the same.	[8th	Augufl	1807.]

ie Company empowered to raise g£6c,000. in Addition to their Capital u under former Adi, 31 G. 3. ( U. K ) c. xxxi.

Cap. Ixxxi.

An Adi to alter, amend, explain, and enlarge the Powers of the several Adis palled for making and maintaining the Rochdale Canal Navigation.	[8th	Auguf	1807.]

CapK lxxxib

26 G. 2. c.33. '

Registers'of such Marriages Hi al l foe received in Evidence.

34 G. 3. c. 7S, 40 G.3. C, XXXV*4

+4 G- 3- «•'*•

46 G. 3. c. xx.

57<5

A,D*i8o7*

See former A&s 7 G. i. c. io. 33 G. 2. c. 49.

Peftroying the Wui ks made Vclony.

Pefttoylng Works, Felon

C.IxxxIi—Ixxxv. 47° GEO. Ill- Self. 2.

Cap. Ixxxii.

>(An Act to authorize the Trustees of the Rivel* Weaver Navigation to open a more convenient Communication between the said River near Frodjham Bridge and the River Mersey, near Wejlon Pointy in the Township of Wejlon, in the County ot Cbcjler, and to amend Two Acts relative to the said River.	j th Augujl \ 807.[)

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons . shall, wilfully, maliciously, and to the Prejudice ot-the laid Cut or Canal, break, throw down, damage, or deitroy, any Banks or other Works, to be erected'or made by virtue of this Act, or do any other wilful Hurt or Mii'chies, to obilrivdl, hinder, or prevent, the canning on, completing, supporting and maintaining, the said intended Cut or Canal, such Person or Persons shall be judged guilty of Felony, and every such Felon shall be subject and liable to the hke Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony, and the Court by and before whom such Person or Persons Rail be tried and convicted Avail, and hereby have Power and Authority to traniport Inch Felon for the Space of Seven Years, in like Manner as other Felons are directed to be tranR ported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

Cap, Ixxxiii.

An Adi for repealing several Acts, of the Thirty-third Year of King George the Second, and the Thirteenth and Thirty-fevcnth Years of His present Majesty, for draining certain Fen Lands in the IJlc of Ely, and Counties of S poil and Norfolk, near Mildcnhall River, io far as relates to the several Lands in the.First Diftritt therein de-feribed, and for making better Proviiion for draining and prefervivig the said Lands.	[8th	Augujl	1807.	J

“ Former Adis 33 G. 2. c. 32. ; 13 G. 3. c, 20,; and 37 G. 3. c, 89* in Part repealed.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person y. and Persons who Rail at any Time or Times hereafter wilfully and maliciously cut, burn, throw down, injure, damage, or deilroy any Bank, Engine, Bridge, Floodgate, Tunnel, or Sluice, or any of the Works belonging thereto, made and erected, or which Rail be making and erecting for the draining and improving the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, or any of them under the Authority of the said recited Adis, or any of them, so far as the same relate to the said Fil'd District therein mentioned, or of this A£t, and Rail be thereof lawfully convicted, then and in every inch Case such Person or Petfons flvall be adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and be transported for Seven Years, or in mitigation thereof may be puniRed as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny.

Cap. lxxxiv.

An Adi to regulate and improve the Cattle Market, to provide a Market Houle, and eftabliAi a Market for the Sale of Butcher’s Meat and other Articles, and to make other Improvements, within the City of Chichejler, in the County of Sujfex. [8th Augujl 1807.]

Cap. lxxxv.	0

An A di for railing andfecuring a Fund for the Relief of Widows and Children of Burgh and Parochial School-mafters in Scotland.

[8th August 1807.] ‘ WHEREAS

A.D.1807.

470 GEO. III. SefU.

C. Ixxxv.

57/

r HERE AS the Burgh and Parochial Schoolmasters of Scotland at their Decease often leave their Widows and Children in . i indigent Circumstances, and it is therefore expedient and necessary * to raise a Fund by individual and annual Contribution, under the 4 Name of * The Fund of the Burgh and Parochial Schoomlafters of ‘ Scotland? for the Relief of their Widows and Children but the same cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament ; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enabled and be it enabled by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the lame, That such Persons as are at the Time of palling this Act, ContriHiters u Burgh or Parochial Schoolmasters in Scotland) and who, by a Writ- the Funding under their ieveral Hands, fnall declare their Reiolution to become Contributors to the said Fund, shall be bound to make Payment to the General CaOiier, or to the Collectors of the Fund, to be appointed as herein-after mentioned on or before the Firil Day of Augujl immediately following the Date of palling this Act, or on or before*^ the Fir it Day of Augujl immediately following the Declaration of their Reiolution to become Contributors, of the full Amount of the annual Rate or Payment applicable to the particular Class to which they may respectively have chosen to subject themselves in Manner herein-after mentioned, and of the like annual Rate or Payment on or before the Firil Day of Augujl in every iucceeding Year, d uring their respective Lives, with legal Interell of the said Sums re-fpectiveiy, from the Time of their becoming due till the Payment thereof, belides the full Colls which may be incurred in prosecuting for and recovering the same ; but declaring that all such Persons as were either Burgh or Parochial Schoolmasters previous to the palling of this Ad, and whose Accession to the said Fund shall not be declared by a Writing under their Hands, within the Space of Two Years after the palling of this Ad shall be forever excluded from the Benefit thereof.

II.	And be it enacted, That there shall be Five ClalRs. of Contri- Rates of butors to the said Fund, viz. the Contributors to the Firil or highest Contributu n Class shall be liable in the annual Payment of the Sum of Five Pounds

and Five Shillings ; those to the Second Class in the Sum of Four Pounds and Four Shillings ; those to the Third Class in the Sum of Three Pounds and Three Shillings ; those .to the Fourth Class in the Sum of Two Pounds and Two shillings; and those to the Fifth or lowed: Class in the Sum of One Pound and One Shilling, of lawful Money of Great Britain relpedively ; it being optional to every Contributor to make Choice of the Class to which he wilhes to fubiedt himself.

III.	And be it enacted, That every Person who shall be appointed Schoolmasters a Burgh or Parochial Schoolmaster, and every such Schoolmaster who appointd after shall be removed from one School to another subsequent to the palling tne J>ate o; zuh of this Ad, shall, in consequence of his Appointment, or of such !hal1 Tranllation, be held to accede to the Fund and be obliged to contri- Cjnllibuturs" bute thereto according to one or other of the above mentioned annual

Rates, and shall accordingly be bound to make Payment to the General Cashier or Collectors as aforesaid, of the full Amount of the annual Rate or Payment, applicable to the particular Class to which fie may chuse to subject himself in Manner aforesaid, and that upon the Firil Day of Augujl, which shall firit happen Three Months after his Ap«

47 Geo. 1IE	P	p	pointmeafc

Hosted by

57 S

C.lxxxv.

A.D.rSoy

Entry and

M.miage

Payments.

Contributors resigning their Office may continue on tnc Fund.

P ovifion for enforcing the regular

Payment of the -•Annual Rates.

47° GEO. III. Seff.2.

pointment or Transtation, and of the like, annual Rate or Payment on or before the Firit Day of Augujl in every succeeding Year during bis Life/ with lntereft and Expences as herein before mentioned ; and in case any such Person shall fail to make Choice of the Class to which he means to fubjebt himself within the same Period after his Appointment, he shall be held as acceding to the fourth Class, liable in the annual Payment of Two Pounds and Two Shillings, andrated accordingly.

IV.	And be it enacted, That every Person acceding and becoming' a Contributor to the Fund in Manner aforesaid, whether married or unmarried, shall be bound to make Payment to the said general Cashier or Collectors along wiih his firit annual Contribution of a Sum equal to the Amount of the annual Rate he shall have adopted, in Name of Entry Moneys and that if any Contributor shall, after his Accellion to the Fund, become a Widower and contract another Marriage, he shall for every such Marriage pay a Sum equal to his annual Contribution, on or before the firit Day of Augujl immediately following such Marriage, with lntereft and Expences, in case of Failure, in Manner as aforesaid; and those Payments or Taxes in reipebt of Entry or Marriage shall be over and above the ordinary Rate for the Year in which he iliall have acceded to the Fund, or shall have contracted such other Marriage; providing always, that no Person shall be liable in any fucli Payment or Tax for and in refpebt of his Marriage with the Widow of a former Contributor, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.--

V.	And be it enabled. That not with Handing any Contributor’s Resignation of, or Removal from, his Office or Appointment as School' mailer aforesaid, it shall be optional to him either to continue a Contributor or not as he may incline; and in the Event of such Person continuing a Contributor and making regular Payment of the Rates to which he may be liable as herein-before specified, his Widow and Children shall be entitled to the full Enjoyment of the Advantages arising from the Fund ; but if the Contributor so ceasing. to be any longer one of the Burgh or Parochial Schoolmaflers in Scotland shall give Intimation by a Writing under his Hand to the Collector to whom he paid his last Contribution, or to the Clerk to the Fund at Edinburgh, of his Intention of no longer continuing a Contributor to the said Fund,, he shall after such Intimation beYelieved from, and no-longer held liable in Payment of, his Contribution ; or if he shall fail or neglebt to make Payment of the said Rates for the Space of Two Years, then and. in either of these Cases he shall be held to have re-linquifhed all the Advantages arising from the Fund, and his Widow and Children shall be for ever excluded from the Benefits to which they would have been otherwise entitled ; declaring always, that nothing herein contained shall be conitrued so as to affebt the lntereft of the Widow'or Children of any Contributor to the Fund, who shall have become disabled through old Age, Infirmity, or Disease, to exercise the Duties or retain the Office of one of the Schoolmaflers aforesaid,.

VI.	And be it enabled. That if any Contributor shall fail or neglebt; to make Payment of his annual Rate, or other Contribution, forwhich he may be liable as aforesaid, within the Space of Six Months after the same becomes due, then, and in that Case, the Collector of the Presbytery, within which he resides, is hereby ordered and required to issue a Writ; under his Hand, addressed to the Heritors of the Parish*

the

579

A.D. 1807.	470 GEO. III. SdT.2.	G.Ixxxvr.

the Magistrates of the Burgh, or other Persons liable in Payment of the permanent Salary due to such Defaulter, a§ Schoolmaster, certifying the Amount of the Arrears due, and requiring them to make Payment thereof to the said Collector, and the said Magistrates, Heritors, or others shall, upon such Requisition, make Payment of the said Arrears to the Collector, or of as much thereof as can be fatisfted and paid out of the Salary then owing by them to the said School mailer ;

, and the Receipt or Discharge, to be granted by the said Collector for all such Payments, shall be a' sufficient Acquittance to the Heritors,

Magistrates, or others, paying the same ; and it is hereby declared that the said Writ or Requisition ftiall be equivalent to an Arreftment of the same Date.

VII.	And be it enabled, That the aforesaid annual and other Sums Veiling amI payable for the Benefit of the Fund as aforesaid, ftiall be veiled, in changing the Trull, in the Name of the General Caftiier of the Society for the Time' Funrts*

to be appointed as herein-after direbled, and his Succeftbrs in Office ; and the Security to be taken for the Funds of the Society, or any Part thereof, ftiall be taken in the Name of the said general Caftiier and his Succeftbrs in Office; but no Money ftiall be lent, except upon heritable Security, and with the Advice and Consent of a Majority of a Meeting of theTruftees appointed as herein-after mentioned; and upon the Repayment of any Sums belonging to the Fund, the said general Caftiier; with Advice and Consent aforesaid, shall have Power to dif- ' charge, renounce, or convey the Securities for the same, and to lend the Sums out again on new heritable Securities ; but declaring never-theless, that the said general Cafliier, with Consent aforesaid, shall always have Power to in veil the said Funds, or any Part thereof, in the Purehafe of the Stock of the Bank of Ragland, or of the Bank of Scotland, or of the Royal Bank of Scotland\ or to lodge the same occasionally on a Depofit-account at either of the two last mentioned Banks; as also, to fell, dispose of, or transfer the same from Time to Time, as the aforesaid Trustees shall think proper, and to reinveft the same in Stock, or upon heritable Security as aforesaid ; and the said general Caftiier ftiall be obliged to lodge in the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, at Interect, all the Money collected or received by virtue of this A cl, declaring that he shall never hold in his Hands above Twenty Pounds of the Money belonging to the said Fund.

VIII.	And be it enabled, That the aforesaid annual and other Sums, Application 0$ payable for the Benefit of the Fund as aforesaid, ftiall be applied by the Funds, the said general Cafliier, under the Authority and Direction of the

Trustees herein-after appointed, and their Succeftbrs in Office, to the Uses and Purposes after mentioned, viz. in the firll Place, for Payment of the Annuities to Widows and Proviiions to Children, as after mentioned, and in defraying the Expences to be incurred in the Execution of this Act; and in the second Place, for railing a Capital for the Purposes herein specified, to the Extent herein-after declared and limited.

IX.	And be it enabled, That there ftiall be paid to the Widow of R^tes of every Contributor to the firll or highest Class, an Annuity of Twenty- Annuities to five Pounds per-Annum ; to the Widow of every Contributor to the Widows, lecond Class, an Annuity of Twenty Pounds ; to the Widow of every Contributor to the third Class, an Annuity of Fifteen Pounds ; to the

Widow of every Contributor to the fourth Class, an Annuity of Ten Pounds ; and to the Widow of every Contributor to the fifth or lowed Class, an Annuity of Five Pounds; which refpeblive Annuities shall

P p 2	commence

C. kxxv.

47° GEO. in. SeiT.a.

A.D* 1807*

commence and be paid without Deduction on the first Day of Septem-her, which shall first happen one full Half Year after the Death of such Contributor for the Year preceding the said Period, and the same shall continue to be paid on the said firll Day of September yearly, during the Annuitant’s Life : Provided always, that the deceased Contributor* in consequence of whose Contributions the Annuity is due, shall have actually paid Ten Years Contribution complete, and the full Amount of his Contribution for all the Years above Ten he may have been a Contributor to the Fund, and in case the said deceased Contributor shall not have paid Ten Y’ears Contribution, and the full Amount of his Contribution for all the Years beyond that Period he may have been a Contributor, his Widow shall only have right to and be paid annually. One Half of the full Annuity due to her, until such Time as the Amount of the Contributions actually paid by her Husband, and the Deductions from her Annuity, when taken together, shall be equal to the said Ten Years Contribution, and the full Amount of his Contribution, for all the Years beyond that Period he may have been a Contributor ; but the Widow shall not, in any Case, be liable to make up more than the said Ten Yhars Contribution, and the Arrears of her Husband’s Contribution for the Years he may have been a Contributor beyond that Period, neither shall there be more deduced from her in arvy One Year than Half of her Annuity ; and it is also provided, that the Widow may if she thinks proper, pay up at any Time such Balance of Ten Years Contribution, or Arrears of her Husband's after annual Rates, as may be then due, in order that she may be entitled to draw immediately thereafter Payment of her full Annuity ; and as soon as the Amount of the said Ten Yrears Contribution, and other after annual Rates has been in any of these Ways made good to the Fund, the Widow shall be entitled to and be paid the fullAnnuity due to her.

X.	And be it enabled, That if the Widow of any Contributor shall

mjrrying_ ro lose enter into a Second or any succeeding Marriage, she shall in confe-ne p6'd*11	quence of such Marriage, forfeit and lose all Right and Title fhe

1C ' '	might have previously had to an Annuity from the Fund, and none

iuch shall be paid to her.

XI.	And be it enabled, That if any Contributor, having a Child, or Children, shall die without leaving a Widow ; or if his Widow shall either die or enter into another Marriage, before the youngest of his Children, or only Child, shall have attained the Age of Fourteen Y'ears, then and in that Case, such Children who shall be under the Age of Seventeen Y’ears, shall be entitled to receive annually the full Annuity due to the Widow of a Contributor of his Class (without any Deduction in respect of the Father having been for a less Period than Ten Years a Contributor to the Fund) until such Time as the youngest Child shall have attained the Age of Fourteen Yeai-« complete, declaring that as soon as .the youngest Child shall have attained the said Age, the said Children, or Child, who shall be under the Age of Seventeen Years shall be entitled to One Half only of the said Annuity, until the youngest shall have attained the Age of Seventeen Years, and after that Period the said Annuity shall for ever cease and determine ; and in like Manner, in the Event of any Contributor having Children, or dying without leaving a Widow, or of his Widow either dying or entering into another Marriage, after his youngest Child shall have attained the Age of Fourteen Yrears but before attaining the Age of Seventeen Years, then and in that Case, the said Children or Child

8	above

Widow*

Provisions to Coil dren.

C. Ixxxv.

A.D.1807.	47®	GEO.	III.	SelT.2.

5**

above Fourteen, but under Seventeen Years of Age, fkall be entitled to receive annually the One Half of the Annuity due to the Widow of a Contributor of his Class, (without any Deduction in respect of the Father having been for a less Period than Ten Years a Contributor to ’ the-Fund), until such Time as the youngest Child shall have attained the Age of Seventeen Years, when the said Annuity shall for ever ceafeand determine : Provided that in both or either of these Cases, the Father shall have paid up his full Contributions during his Life ; and declaring that in the Event of any Arrears being due by the Father, the same shall be made good to the Fund by Retention, in Manner already provided for in case of Annuities payable to Widows them-felves ; and which respective Annuities orProvifions shall be accordingly-paid to the said Child or Children, on the first Day of September, which shall first happen one full Half Year after their Father’s Death ; and the same shall continue to be paid to them on the first Day of September yearly thereafter, until the youngest Child shall have attained the Ages respectively before specified; and in all Cases where there arenoTutors and Curators, or Trustees legally authorized to manage the Afthirs of the said Children or Child, the Contributors to the Fund, who reside within the Presbytery wherein the said Children have their Abode, shall appoint Two or more of their Number to lay out and apply the said Annuity in such equitable Manner, and according to such Proportions as may to them appear moll for the Benefit and Advantage of such Child or Children.

XII.	And be it enabled, That every Receipt from an Annuitant Certifip.^es fa shall have annexed to it an Attestation, dated on or after the Day be annexed t* on which the Annuity becomes due, signed by the Minister and Two the ^e^e’Pt Elders of the Parish in which such Annuitant shall reside, bearing lora idow*c that at the same Date, such Annuitant appeared personally before

the Subscribers, and declared that Ihe continues unmarried, of the Truth of which Declaration the Subscribers have no Reason to doubt ; and that every Receipt from Tutors, or Curators, for the Child or Children of a Contributor, shall specify the Name of every such Child for whom they aft, and contain a Declaration, for which they shall be responsible, that such Child or Children is or are then to their certain personal Knowledge alive, and that such Child, or the youngest of them if more than One, has not attained the Age of Fourteen Years, or Seventeen Years, as the Case may be.

XIII.	And be it enacted, That if any Member of this. Society, Indulgence to who shall have punflually paid his Contributions for the Space of old and In(*rm Twenty-five Years, shall be rendered unequal to the Discharge of McraL'er*-the Dig ^ of his Prosession, by.the Infirmities of Age, or other

natural Disability, it shall be lawful to and in the Power of the Collector of the Presbytery aforesaid, with the Concurrence of a Majority of the Contributors within the said Presbytery, to grant Warrant and Authority to such Contributor to retain for his ©vvn Use out of his jannual Rate any Sum not exceeding Half thereof Yearly ; but declaring that no Member shall in any Case receive any Exemption beyond Half of the Yearly Rate payable by him ; and declaring also, that no Member whatever, although unable to perform the Duties of his Office, if in the Receipt of an Income arising from any Source whatever, equal to Thirty Pounds per Annum, shall be entitled to any such Exemption,

P P S	XIV.	An3

5 8a

C.lxxxv.

Provision for Deficiency of Funds.

‘L'mif-ation of Capital,

Truftees-

Delegates maybe cholcn.

410 GEO. III. Seff.2.	A.D.1807.

XIV. And be it eriacted, That in case at any Time, owing to any unforeseen Defalcation of the Funds, or to the increased Number of Widows and Children, or to any other Cause, it shall be found that the Sums arising from annual Contributions, Interest of Stock, and other Souroes, are inadequate to the just Demands upon the Fund, then it ill ailbe lawful for the Trustees preient at any annual general Meeting, hel dupon the Third Friday of September, to assess the individual Contributors in such a proportionate additional Sum not exceeding Ten . Pounds per Cent, upon their reipedlive annual Contributions, as may be thought necessary for the ieveral Purposes herein-before specified ; provided that due Intimation of such Intention shall have been made at leaf! Twice in the Edinburgh Newspapers, called the Caledonian Mercury and Evening C our ant, Three Months previous to the Meeting; and provided alio that iuch Assessment shall meet with the Concurrence of not less than Three-fourths of the Trustees present at the said Meeting.

XV- And be it enacted, That the Fund so to be raised and established in virtue hereof, shall be allowed, after Payment of the Annuities and others herein before specified, to accumulate, till the same shall amount to the Sum of Seven thousand five hundred Pounds Sterling, for and in proportion to each Sum of Three hundred Pounds Sterling of certain annual Contribution, and which said Capital shall be the total Amount of Stock ; and whenever the said Capital shall amount tq the said Sum of Seven thousand five hundred Pounds Sterling for each Sum of Three hundred founds of certain annual Contribution, and so in proportion for any larger or less Sum, the Suiplus above the said Capital shall he divided annually among the Widows of Contributors*- according to the Proportion of their respective Annuities,

XVI.	And be it enacted, That every Person who shall be at the Time of palling this Act, or who at any Time hereafter may become a Burgh or Parochial Schoolmafler, and a Contributor to the Fund within the Bounds of the Presbytery of Edinburgh, and also every Person being at the Time afore said, and who may hereafter become a Burgh or Parochial Schoolmafler of any Presbytery Seat within Scotland, and a Contributor to the Fund, together with the Delegates to be chosen in Manner herein-after directed, shall be, and they are-hereby nominated and appointed Trustees for carrying into Execution all the Powers in and by this A 61 given; but declaring that the Schoolmaflers within the Bounds of the Presbytery of Edinburgh, or those enjoying the Office of a Burgh or Parochial Schoolmafler in any Presbytery Seat, shall only continue Trustees during their remaining in the Poflef-fion of such Offices respectively.'

XVII.	And be it enabled, That it shall and maybe law-* 1 for the Contributors within.every Presbytery in Scotland (Edinburgh excepted) to meet in their respective Presbytery Seats, on the lafl Saturday of Augujl, which shall first happen after the palling of this Act, and on the lafr Saturday of July annually thereafter, between the Hours of Twelve at Noon and Two. in the Afternoon, and there to elect, by a Majority of Votes, from among their own Number, One or more Delegates as after mentioned, to represent them as Trustees in the general Meeting of Trustees to be held at Edinburgh upon the Third Friday of September annually, or in any other general Meeting they may think proper to attend for the Space of One Year, commencing from the said Third Friday of September annually, declaring that if the Number of

Contri.butprs

Hosted by

A.D. 1807.	47°	GEO* HI. Self. 2. CVIxxxv, IxxxvI.	5S3

Contributors within any Presbytery do not amount to Twelve then •they shall elect only One Delegate ; but if they exceed Twelve in Number they may elect Two Delegates ; and if they amount to Eighteen they may elect Three Delegates ; and for every Six Contributors above that Number, of which the Presbytery may coniift, they may elect One Delegate more; but declaring also that in all Cases the whole Members of the Inflitution shall be bound by the Ads and Re-foiutions of the Trultees, whether they are or are not fully represented, u Quorum and Meetings of Trustees, §18.—Eledion of Cashier and 6C Clerk by Trustees, § 19.

XX. And be it enacted, That, in order the more effectually to pro- CollcAors f© mote the Object of this Inflitution, the Contributors relident within be chefen by each Presbytery in Scotland shall, within due Time, elect and chuse, Prelbyters. by a Majority of Votes, a Colledor for the said Presbytery, and which Colledor {fhall be bound to collect and recover the whole annual Contributions, or other Sums payable to the Fund, by each and all of the Contributors within the Presbytery for which he is appointed ; and he shall be bound to give fiifhcient Security for his Intro millions with the Funds to the Satisfaction of the Contributors within the Presbytery; and which Contributions, or other Sumsr to be levied and collected, shall be remitted by him, from Time to Time, to the general Cashier at Edinburgh, as soon as he has Ten Pounds in his Hands, belonging to the said Fund ; declaring always, that in case any One of the said Colledors shall fail in the pundual Remittance of the -Sums so to be collected by him, then and in that Case all the Contributors relident within the Presbytery of that Colledor shall be jointly responsible for the lame, or for such Part thereof as the said Colledor may not have remitted as aforesaid, together with the legal Interest thereof, and the Expence which may be incurred in making . the same effectual; and the said Presbytery Colledor shall be bound to keep regular Books in such Form, and for such Purposes, as the Trustees may from Time to Time direct ; and he shall also annually between the First Day of Augujl and the First Day of September transmit to the general Cashier, free of Expence, a Lift of all the Contributors resident within the Presbytery for which he ads, ,as also of all the Widows and Children in the Presbytery having Claims upon the Fund, and which Lift shall be atteiled by himself and. Two other Contributors belonging to the same Presbytery. c< Cashier shall keep regular Books, §21.

XXII. And be it enacted. That every Person who may hereafter Members become a Member of this Society while unmarried, shall give Intima- marJ7M'£ tion of his Marriage to the Colledor of the Presbytery within which notl ^ nc amC° he resides. Hating the Name and Age of his Wife, and whether {he •is or is not a Widow of a former Contributor, and that within One Month after such Marriage shall have taken place.

Trustees empowered to make Bye-laws and Regulations, § 23.—

Expences of the Ad, § 24*—Public Ad, § 25.

Cap. lxxxvu

An Ad to explain an Ad, of the Forty-feventh Year of His present 47 SefT, 1, Majesty, for enabling the Albion Fire and Life Insurance Company c* xxxu io sue in the Name of their Secretary, and to inrol Annuities.

[8th Augujl 1807.]

P p 4	'	Cap.

584

A.D.i8o7#

4' G- 3. c. .\xx.

47 G. 3.

c. xxxiii*

■5 G. 3-10 G. 3

4G. 3.

25 G. 3.

< 0- 3-*5 O. 3*

4 G. 3. *7 G. 3

5 G. 2.

a6 G. 3.

C. lxxxvii—xciii,	470 GEO, III. SefiVai

Cap. lxxxvii.

Se{T. 1. An A<ft to explain an A<ft, of the Forty-feventh Year of His present Majesty, for enabling the Globe lnfurance Company to sue in the Name of their Treasurer, and to inrol Annuities. [8th Auguji 1807.]

Cap. lxxxviii.

ScfT. 1. An A<ft to explain an A<ft, of the Forty-feventh Year of His present Majesty, for enabling the Pelican Life lnfurance Company to sue in the Name of their Secretary, and to inrol Annuities.

[8th Augvjl 1807*]

[(C/* By theThree foregoing A<fts, each of the~A<fts47 G. 3. Self. 1. c. xxx. xxxi. and xxxiii. are respectively extended to the Society or Partnership in each respective A£f mentioned; “ whether such So-ciety or Partnership be composed of all or some of the Persons who at the Time of palling the said A<5ts were Members of the said Society or Partnership, or be composed of all, or of some of those Persons, together with some other Persons, or be composed of Persons all of whom shall have become Members of the said Society or Partnership since the palling of the said Adis.’*]

Cap. lxxxix.

c. 76. An A<ft to continue and amend Two A<fts, of the Fifth and Twenty-. c. 150. sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from Llatidilo to Lampeter, and other Places in the County of Carmarthen. (b)	[8th	Auguji 1807.]

Cep. xc.

c	An	Afor continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the

c. hi. Powers, of Tw6 A<fts, of the Fourth and Twenth-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Whitby to Middleton, in the County of York. ($) [8th Auguji 1807,]

Cap. xci.

c* An A<ft for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two A<fts, of the e. 11Z. Fifth and Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Banbury, in the County of Oxford, through Da* wentry and Cottefbach, to Lutterworth, in the County of Leicester. (c).

[8th Auguji 1807.]

Cap. xcii.

e. 93. An A<ft for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the . c. 73. Powers, of Two A<fts, of the Sixth and Twenty-feventh Years of Plis present Majesty, for repairing the Road from High B alien, in Wednejbury, to the further End of DarlajionLane, and other Places therein named, in the County of Stafford, (c). [8th Augvjl 1807.]

Cap. xciii. ,

c. 72. An A<ft for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the c. 140. Powers, of Two Acts, of the Fifth and Twenty-fixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Birjlall to Nun-brook, and from Bradley Lane to Huddersfield, in the County of J'VL (^).	[8th	Auguji 1807.]

Cap.

A D. 1807.	470	GEO.	III.	Seff.2.	C. xciv—cic

Cap. xciv.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the 2 G. 3. Powers of several Acts for repairing the Roads from the Parish of Cranbrooke to Appledorc Heathy and other Roads in the County of ^	^

Kent.	(b),	-	[8th Augujl 1807.]

Cap. xcv.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of so 5 much of Three Acts, of the Fifth, Ninth, and Twenty-lixth Years z$ q' C of His present Majesty, as relate to the Repair of the Road from Wat's Cross to Cowden, and the Roads fromSevenoaks Common to Crockhurjl Hatch Corner/ and Penjlourjl Town to Southborough, in the County of Kent. (b).	[8th August 1 807.]

Cap. xevi.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the 26	3*

Powers, of an Aft, of the Twenty-fixth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing so much of the Road from the Town of New-caJlle-upon-Tyne to the City of Carlijley as lies within the County of Northumberland, (cj.	[8th	Augujl 1807.]

Cap. xcvii.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the 5	3-

Powers, of Two Acts, of the Filth and Twenty-lixth Years of His 5* present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in and near Great Tor-rington, in the County of Devon* (r).	[8th	Augujl J 807.]

Cap. xcviii.

An Act for veiling in new Trustees the Estates late of the Right Honourable Willoughby Earl of Abingdony deceased, in the Counties of Wilts and S'omerjet, which have not been fold by virtue of certain Indentures of Lease and Release, dated respectively the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Days of July One thousand seven hundred and feventy-ftve. (q. P.)	[8th	Augujl 1807,]

Cap xci x.

An Act for enabling Rear Admiral Bentinck, Tenant for Life under the Will of his late Father John Albert Bentinck Esquire, deceased, to charge his Estates in the County of Norfolk with the Sums therein mentioned, for the embanking, improving, and increasing the same Estates by the Means therein mentioned, (q. P.)

[8th Augujl 1807.]

Cap. c.

An Act for effecting the Sale of certain Real Estates, late of Henry Champneys Esquire, deceased, devised by his Will, or purchased in pursuance thereof, and for laying out the Money ariftng from the Sale thereof, under|the Directions of the High Court of Chancery t in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Ufea as the Estates so fold. (q. P.)	[8th	Augujl 1807.]

Cap. ci.

An Act for veiling certain Estates, devised by the Will of James Harrison Elquire, deceased, situate in the Counties of Lancaster and Chejler} in Trustees, in Trull to be sold for the Payment of

Debt*

58;

c. 6;. c. yC\. c. 111

C. 7 Tv

c. 92. c. l$2.

c. 16

c. 5S. c.

5S&	C ci—cix.	47° GEO, III. SefL 2.	A.D. 1807.

Debts and Legacies aftedling the same ; and afterpayment thereof, for the Investment of the Residue of the Monies to arise by such Sale in the Pur'chafe of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates so fold. (q. P)	[8th Augujl 1807.]

Cap* cii.

An Adi for enabling Francis Riners Esquire to grant Building and. Repairing Leases of certain Lands in the Parish of Stebunbeath, othervvife Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, devised by the Will of Francis Peete Esquire. (q. P.)	[Sth Augujl 1807.}.

Cap. ciii.

An Afor veiling certain Estates in the Parishes of Drypool and Sutton, in Holdernefst in the County of Yorb (Part of the Estates devised by the Will of Ann Hall> deceased), in Trullees in Trust to fell the same,, and for laying out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other ELates, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates 10 fold. (q. P.)	£8th Augujl 1807.]

'	Cap. civ.

An Adi for effedling an Exchange between the Trustees and Visitors of Morden Coliege, in the Parish of Charlton, in the County of Kent, and Thompson Bonar, Esquire, of certain Lands and Hereditaments in the same County, (q. P.)	[8th Augujl 1807.]

Cap. cv.

An Adi for inclosing Lands in the Township of OJsett, in the Parish of De-wfbury, in the West Riding; of theCountv of Yorb. (q. P.)

[ 8 th Augujl 180 7. J

Cap. cvi.

An Adi for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hujl, in the Counties of Berks and Wilts, (q. P.)	[8th	Augujl	1807.]

Cap. evii.

An Adi for inclosing Lands in Llanelly, in the County of Caermar-then, nnd for leafing Part of the said Lands, and applying the Rents thereof in improving the Town and Port of Llanelly, in the said County, (q. P.J	£8th Augtjl 1807*]

Cap. cviii.

An Act to enable His Majesty to release to the Devisees in Fee, in Trust of the Estates of Sir Charles Davers Baronet, deceased, an Annuity or Yearly Sum of Eight hundred Pounds, given by the Will of Mary- Davers Spinster, to Francis Alexander Frederick de la Rochefaucauld de Liancourt, an Alien, and the Arrears thereof.

[8th Augujl 1807.]

Cap. cix.

An Act for the more efFedlual Improvement of the City of Dublin* and the Environs thereof.	[13th Augijl 1807.]

Recital of Irish Adis, 26 G. 3. c. 61,— 30 G. 3. c. 62.-37 G. 3.

t£ c. 22.—40 G. 3. c. 62. ; for paving, cleansing, and lighting Dub-

** Jin.—.And also of 4^ G. 3. c, 112.—46 G.3. c. 68 ; appointing

Commissioners,,

A.D.1807.	47°	GEO.	III.	Seff.3.

527

“ Commissioners to examine into the Irregularities, &c. in paving tc Dublin. All the said recited A6ls (except 40 G. 3. c. 62.) Re-u pealed.— So much of Iri/Jj Adi, 40 G. 3. c. 62. as relates to the (C paving and lighting Dublin ; repealed, § 2.— Yearly Allowances for (i Life to the Commissioners, under repealed Adis, viz. 5^300 to the “ senior Commissioner; ^200 each, to Five ocher Commissioners; ic £200 to the Secretary; £ 1 <0 to the Treasurer, and ^?ioo to the tc Infpedlor : § 3.—£3750 ffiall be paid to the temporary Commif-“ fioners under 49 G. 3. c. I j 2. and 46 G. 3. c. 68 ; and £3000 for “ other Expences under the said A£l, &c. § 4.—Commiffioners ap-tc pointed under A6ls 45 & 46 G. 3. may aft until new Commif-ci lioners appointed, § 5.

VI.	4 And Whereas the properly paving, cleanfmg, and lighting Power ro Lord 1 the several Streets and other Passages within the Circular or Environ Lieutenant to

c Road surrounding the City of Dublin and the erecting of Fountains ^p°jnc.dj^

4 and Conduits for the Use of the Poor and the Publick, must tend no°t b^Ing 4 greatly to the free Intercourse, Health, Accommodation and Safety Members of 4 of the Inhabitants of the said District, and of all Persons resorting Parliament.

< thereto, and it will also be of great Advantage if Common Sewers 4 or Drains be made as herein-after is mentioned ; and there is reason f to expect that it willconduce to the Purposes aforesaid if the eredl-4 ing of Fountains and Conduits, and the ordering, directing, and c managing the paving, cleanfmg, and lighting of all the Streets and 4 other Passages within the said District, and also the ordering, defign-4 ing, and making of Common Sewers and Drains therein, and of ‘ Ceftpools in Stable Lanes or elsewhere, as herein-after is mentioned,

4 ffiall be put under the Care of One Board of Commissioners to be 4 constituted in the Manner and inverted with the Powers herein-after 4 mentioned be it therefore enacted, That from and after the palling of this Adi, it ffiall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, by Writing under Hand and Seal, to nominate and appoint such Per-fon or Persons, not more than Three in Number, and not being Members of the House of Commons, as he or they shall think fit, to be Commissioners for carrying into Execution the Purposes of this Aft ; and that the Persons so to be nominated and appointed, and their Successors to be appointed in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall have full Power and Authority to order, direct, and manage the paving, cleanfmg, and lighting of the several Streets and other publick Paf-sages, and to order, design, and make new Sewers, Drains, and CefT-pools in all Places within the said Circular Road surrounding the City of Dublin, and to execute and carry into effect the several Orders and Regulations herein after more particularly fet forth.

VII.	4 And Whereas Doubts may arise as to the Limits of the said JLimits cf their f Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners, by reason that the Continua- Jurudidtion.

*	tion of the said Circular Road is interrupted by His Majesty’s Park 4 called the Pbanix, on the Wert Side of the said City, and by the

*	River and Grounds adjacent thereto, on the East Side of the said 4-City be it therefore enacted, That the Limit of the said Jurifdic-tion on the Wert, where the said Circular Road is so interrupted, ffiall be the Wall bounding PIi$ Majesty’s said Park tlye Phccnlx, on the East Side of the said Park, and extending from the said Circular Road, where the lame meets the said Wall on the South Side of the said Park, to the said Circular Road where the same meets the said Wall on the

North

Hosted by

iS8

C. cix.

Power to Lord Lieutenant to rcmo'.eand till Vacancies.

Lord Lieutenant to appoint or remove the Secret «ry,

Treafuren, and Supervifois.

Cormr.ifliorers may suspend iuch Officers.

Salaries to Officers.

47° GEO. III. Seff.a.	A.D.1807.

North Side of the {aid Park; and that the Limit of the said Jurif-didlion On the East Side, where the said Road is so interrupted as afore said, shall be a Line drawn there across the said River, from the neaveft Part of the said Circular Road from Time to Time on the North to the nearest Part of the said Circular Road, and from Time to Time on the South ; and that in all other Places the said Circular Road shall, as here in-before provided, be the Limit of the said JuriL diction.

VIII.	And be it further enabled, That all Places within the said Limits shall be deemed and taken to be within the said Circular Road, in the Construction of this Adi.

IX.	And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, to remov# all or any of the said Commissioners, and by Writing under Hand and Seal to appoint as aforesaid One or more Person or Persons, not being a Member or Members of the House of Commons, in the Place of any Commissioner or Commissioners so removed, or whole Place shall be vacant by Death. Resignation, or otherwise ; and that if any of the said Commissioners shall at any Time become a Member of the House of Commons, his said Office shall thereupon cease and determine,

<c Oath of Commissioners, § to.—Salaries of Commissioners as Lord 4< Lieutenant shall directs, not exceeding ^600 to the First Commif-*c fioner, ^500, t0 each of the other T wo, § t i.— Commissioners de-

dared a Corporation, by the Name of ic The Commissioners for u paving, cleanling, and lighting the Streets of Dublin§ 12.—

Two a Quorum, § 13.

XIV. And be it enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, by Writing under Hand and Seal, from Time to Time to appoint or remove at his and their Will and Pleasure the following Officers of the said Corporation, or any of them, that is to say; Two Supervisors of Works, One for the North Side, and the other for the South of the River jL'tffey, One Secretary, and One Treasurer, which Treasurer shall also be Accountant and Comptroller of the Colledors of the Taxes hereinafter mentioned, and of the Accounts of the same ; and that the said Officers so to be appointed shall in their respective Departments obey in all Things the lawful Orders of the said Commissioners, and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners from Time to Time, as they shall fee Occasion, to remove or suspend the said Officers, or any of them, and during such Suspension to appoint such other Person or Persons as they shall think proper to the said Office or Offices respectively, and to the Salary and Emoluments thereof respectively ; and that there shall be paid to the said several Officers out of the Funds hereby granted, such yearly Sums as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being shall, by Warrant under Hand and Seal direct, not exceeding the Sums following, that is to say; not exceeding Four hundred Pounds by the Year to each of the said Supervisors of Works 3 not exceeding Two hundred Pounds by the Year to the said Secretary ; and not exceeding Five hundred Pounds by the Year to the said Treasurer,

u Commissioners

C’.clx.

A.D. 1807.

47

GEO. III. Scfr.3.

S8f

atfhng, shall he (efficient to v$ rhc Office of Commissioners and inferior Officers,

46 Commissioners shall appoint and remove all inferior Officers with (t their Salaries, in the Whole not exceeding £ a,^00 per Annum,

46 § 15.—Commiffioners shall take Security from ail Officers for Dif-46 charge of their Duty, § 16.

XVII.	And be it further enacted, That if in any Court, either of Ev-.cknc^cf Daw or Equity, on any Action, Suit, Indictment, Information, or ’

Proceeding whatsoever, and whoever shall or may be the Parties therein, any Question shall arise concerning the Right of the said Commissioners or inferior Officers, or any of them, to hold, exercise, or enjoy their said Offices respectively, then and in every such Case it shall be sufficient to prove that such Comrniffioner or Commissioners or inferior Officers or Officer, were or was at the Time in Question commonly reputed to be such Commissioners or Comrniffioner, or Officers or

Officer respectively, without producing their or his Patent, Appointment, or Commission, and without giving any Evidence that they have performed respectively any ol the Requisites which are or may be prescribed by Law to entitle them to execute the said Offices respectively.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted by the Authority aforefaiel, Commiflieners That if any Comrniffioner shall take, accept, or exact any Fee or

Reward whatsoever, or shall or may, by any Device, Contrivance, or Gratucjtjes. oc Means whatsoever, derive any Benefit from his Office of Comrniffioner, become except such Salary as is herein-before appointed for him or them, or Contia<ftots, shall enter into any Contract or Agreement, directly or indirectly, for accepting or receiving, or shall directly orjin directly accept or re-	,

ceive, or shall procure or4 wilfully permit to be taken, accepted, or exadled by any other Person, any Share, Part, or Proportion of any Salary, Allowance, Fee, or Reward, belonging to or which ought to be paid to or received by any Officer, Servant, or other Person emploved, or to be employed by or under him, them, or any of them for the Ptirpofes of this Act, or if any Officer or Officers, Servant or Servants, who shall be in any Way employed by or under the said Commissioners in putting this Adi or any of the Powers thereof into Execution, shall exact, take, or accept any Fee or Reward whatsoever, except such Salaries and Gratuities as shall be previously approved of by the said Commissioners, for or on account of any Thing done or to be done by virtue of this Adi, or if any Comrniffioner, or any Officer or Servant as aforesaid, shall in anywise be concerned in Interest in any Contract or Agreement made or to be made, or be Security for any Person holding any Office, or entering into any Contract or Agreement by virtue of this Adi, every such Person so offending shall be incapable of serving or being employed under this Act* and shall also forfeit a Sum equal to Treble the Amount of any Fee,

Reward, or Benefit so taken, accepted, received, or exacted, or the Fine of One hundred Pounds, whichever shall be sued for by any Person or Persons, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty’s superior Courts of Record in Ireland within Twelve Calendar Months after the Offence committed, such Penalty to be to the Use and Benefit of the Person or Perfor.s so filing.

XIX.	And be it further enacted, That no Servant or Person in the Commifliun**™ private Service or Employment of the said Commissioners, or any of fha 11 noi receive them, shall be capable of being employed or concerned in or of *ny Gratutuy receiving any Salary, Allowance, Fee, or Reward, for or on Account

of any Matter or Tiling to be done under or in pursuance of this Adi;

and

Hosted by

59°

C. cix.

Com mjtTi oners of Imprctt Accounts Ihrtll audit annually the Accounts of Commissioners.

CommilTioncis shall report annually to the Lord Lieutenant their Proceedings and Difficulties, and fugged ltemedus.

Pebts of Collect ors to the Com miffi oners shall be paid in preference to their other Debts in case of Death m Bankruptcy.

47® GEO. III. Seff.2.	A.D.1807.

and every Commissioner whose Servant, or any Person in whose Employment shall so offend, and every such. Servant and Person so offending in this respect, shall for every inch Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be sued for and recovered in like Manner as herein lass before mentioned, and fnall also be incapable of being employed under this Aft. •

“ Commissioners may take a House, Warehouses, See. Rent therecf <c not to exceed 200/.-, § 20.—Book of Proceedings to be kept, and “ to be'.Evidence in all Courts, § 21.—Power to Commissioners to “ fummcii Offenders and Witnesses, § 22.—All Summonfes and No-ic tices fit all be signed by Secretary, § 23.—Commiffioners may ad-“ minister an Oath or Affirmation on hearing of any Complaint, § 24.

—All Rates, Fines, Sec. veiled in Commissioners, § 25.— Distinct c< Accounts to be kept of Taxes, Rates, &c. and of Fines, Sec. for “ Breach of Contract, § 26.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners of Imprell Accounts, or any Three of them, shall once in every Year examine and audit the Accounts of the said Commissioners under this Aft, and that in said Accounts shall be fet forth particularly, and under separate Heads as afor.esaid, a full and true Statement of all and every®, their Receipts and Expenditures, and of all and every Arrears, and Sum and Sums of Money due to them on any Account whatsoever; and also of all and every Sum and Sums of Money due by them on any Account whatsoever, and also of all Contrafts made by the said Commissioners under this Aft for the Execution of any Work then partly performed, and how much and what Proportion thereof hath been executed or not.

XXVI3I. And be it enacted. That the said Commissioners under, this Aft shall Once in every Year, that is to say, on or before the Fifth Day of January in each and every Year, present to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being, a Report signed by them, containing a general Statement of their Proceedings fmee their Appointments, or Cnee the lass preceding Report, a particular Detail of any Difficulty which may have occurred to them, their Officers or Servants, in the Execution of their Duties respectively, whereby the same may have been prevented or impeded, or of any Inconvenience or Deficiency in the exiffing Law, and fug-geffing such Remedy for any of the said Matters as shall appear to them most likely to promote the beneficial Purposes and Qbjefts of. their Inffitution.

iC Treasurer, when more than 400/. in his Hands, shall lodge Excess <c in Bank of Ireland, $ 29.—Commiffioners may draw on Bank for u Sums wanted, ipecifying Purpose, $ 30.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That if any Collector or Collectors employed by the said Commissioners in the Receipt of their Funds or Revenues shall happen to die, • or become Bankrupt before he or they shall have fully paid and satisfied all the Money by him or them received by virtue of this Aft, that then the Executors or Administrators possessing the Estates, Afsets, or Effects of such Collector or Collectors, shall, out of fueh Estates, Effects, or Afsets, pay to the Treasurer of the said Commiffioneis all such Sum or Sums of Money as shall appear to have been due by such Collector or Collectors at the Time of his or their Death, or so

2	much

Hosted by

C. cix.

A.D.1&07.	470	GEO.	III.	ScfD	2*

59*

much thereof as the said Estates, Abets, or Effects, will afford to pay ; or in case of his or their becoming Bankrupts the Assignee or Assignees of his or their Estates, after paying to the petitioning Creditor or Creditors his, her, or their Cobs of tiling out and profe-cuting the Commission again ft such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, shall pay to the said Treasurer all such Sums of Money as were due by the said Collector or Colledlors at the Time of suing out such Commission against him or them, or so much thereof as the said Estates and Effects will amount to, and the Receipt of the said Treasurer shall be a good Discharge for so much out of such Estates, Afsets, or Efsects, and such Payments shall be allowed in preference of aiiy Debt or Demand whatsoever, against such Colledlor or Colledlors ; and in case of Nonpayment of the same by the Space cf Twenty-one Da)!s after the same shall be demanded, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to bring or cause to be brought one or more Action or Actions in any one of His Majesty’s superior Courts of Record in Dublin against such Executors, Administrators, Assignee or Assignees, or other Person or Persons, or against their Securities 4 as aforeiaid, for the Recovery thereof.

Property and Debts of the old Board veiled in new Commissioners,

44 § 32.—New Commissioners declared subject to Actions to which the 44 old were subject, §33.

XXXIV,	4 And Whereas before the puffing of this Acl there Debts of forme* 4 were due by . the said Direblors and Commissioners or by the said Boards spyom, 4 temporary Commissioners for Paving, to divers Persons, Debts anfl*ooooL 4 amounting to the Sum of Fifty-three thousand Pounds, fecurc-d by 0,1 D^utwes,

4 Debentures bearing*Foury>cr Centum Interest per Annum, and the 4 further Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, secured by Debentures bear-4 ing Six per Centum per Annum : And Whereas shortly before the 4 passing of this Act, the said Diredfors and Commissioners, or ten>

4 porary Commissioners for Paving, had been also indebted in Sums 4 not secured by Debentures, which with Principal and Interest 4 amounted to Thirty-four thousand Pounds Sterling, both said Sums 34,000! ooi 4 making together the Sum c?f Ninety-feven thousand Pounds; and 4 it is expedient that the Funds granted for the Purposes of this Acl 4 should be clear of all Debts; And Whereas Part of the said lait-4 mentioned Debt of Thirty-four thousand Pounds hath been paid 4 out of the Funds veiled in the said Commissioners of Paving, the 4 Amount whereof cannot for the present Purpose be precisely nicer-4 tained, and thereby there is a Deficiency of the said Funds for the 4 ordinary Purposes of the said Establishment, to the Amount of the 4 Debts so paid, and it is therefore expedient that the Funds so 4 applied to the Payment of the said Debts should be replaced: And 4 Whereas it hath been usual heretofore to grant, towards the paving a and lighting of the said City, the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds in lieu of 4 yearly, which is to be hereafter discontinued, and in lieu thereof the io,:ool. per 4 laid Debts are to be paid, and the said Funds 10 applied as aforeiaid A,;num 4 are to be replaced, and a Sum of Forty thousand Pounds is to be 4 •advanced in Manner and for the Purpoies herein-after mentioned*;’ * gill C be it therefore enabled by the Authority aforesaid, ‘That'the Sum of Forty-four thousand Pounds shall immediately after the puffing of this Adi be paid out of the Consolidated Fund into the Bank of Ireland, for the Account of the said Debt of Ten thousand Pounds and Thirty- ^°^0' four thousand Pounds, and in order to discharge the same reipectivoly, \^h c'lfln*

and dattri Fend-

592

C.cix.

Debentures from ihe Treaty fer 5 V-Oool, 4 Cen-L. &e.

Time ef

itvyxfjg Rates,

47e GEO. III. Seir. 2- A.D. 1807,

and to replace the said Funds, and that the CommifTioners to be appointed under this Act shall from Time to Time draw on the said Bank for the Amount of every such Debt, specifying in such Draft whether the Sum therein mentioned was due by Debenture, or how otherwise, and if by Debenture, then such Debenture shall be brought to the said Bank, together with such Draft, and on being paid said Debenture shall be immediately cancelled by the proper Officer of the said Bank, but shall be preferred in the said Bank as a Voucher; and all such Drafts shall and may be good and valid without any Stamp ; and all such Drafts, together with the Receipts thereon, shall be preserved in the said Bank as Vouchers for the said Payment, and that when and as toon as the CommifTioners to be appointed under this Act shall certify under their Hands and Seals that the Whole of the said Debt of Thirty-four thousand Pounds has been paid off, then such Part of the said Sum of Thirty-four thousand Pounds so lodged to dif-charge the same as shall remain in the said Bank shall be forthwith carried by the said Bank to the Credit of the said CommifTioners under this Act, to be by them applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXXV.	And be it further enacted. That there {nail be issued from His Majesty’s Treasury in Ireland, Debentures to the Amount ot the said Sum of Fifty-three thousand Pounds, bearing Interest at Four jber Centum, and for such Sums respectively, and having the In-tereit thereon payable^on the Tame Days refpedbively as the said Debentures compoling the Sum or Debt of Fifty-three thousand Pounds aforesaid; which laid Debentures so issued by the said Treasury shall be depolited in the Bank of Ireland, and the Interest thereon shall be and is hereby made payable at the said Bank	Ireland,	and the Sum

ot Two thousand one hundred and twenty Pounds shall be annually paid out of the Consolidated Fund into the Bank of Ireland for Account of the Interest of the said Debentures, and the Interest of the said Debentures so due by the said Directors and Commiilioners shall also be payable at the said Bank, and the said Treasury Debentures shall be refpeClively from Time to Time exchanged at the said Bank for the said Debentures of the said Diredlors and CommifTioners, as the Holders of the said lall-mentioned Debentures shall delire or agree to such Exchanges refpeClively, and in the mean Time, until the Exchanges fit all be made respectively, the Funds so to be provided for Payment of the Interest 011 the said Treasury Debentures fhallbe applied to pay the Intereil of the said Debentures of the said Diredlors and CommifTioners which shall remain outflanding respectively, and when and as often as every such Exchange shall be made, the Time of such Exchanges shall be noted on the Treasury Debenture issued from the said Bank thereon, which shall thereupon bear Interest from the lait Day of the Payment of such Interest: previous to such Exchange, and the Debenture of the said Diredlors and Commiilioners received on such Exchange fhallbe forthwith cancelled by the proper Officer of the said Bank, but shall be preserved therein as a Voucher, « After 5th January 1808 CommifTioners empowered to levy Rates not exceeding 4 .r. 6 d. per Pound per Annum on Rents above g(£iQ, and 3 s. 6d. un Rents less than as'io : § 36—39.

XL. And be it enacted, That the said Tax for each Year shall be due and payable .011 the Fifth Day of January therein, and shall be received and collected as speedily as may be after the said Day ; and that the Emit Year’s Tax shall be payable on the said Fifth Day of

January

593

A.D. 1807.

470 GEO. III. SeiT. 2.

C.eix.

(hnII be paid by Landlords.

January in the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight, and that any Receipt given for such Tax shall not be subject to any Stamp or Stamp Duty whatsoever.

“ Mode of levying Rates on public Buildings, $41.

XLII. And be it enacted, That where any House or Tenement R:,tes for shall be let in Lodgings to different Persons, and the Persons letting Lodging Houses such Lodgings shall not reside in such House or Tenement, then and in every such Case thePerfons letting such Lodging, or the immediate Lessor orLeffors, under whom all the different Holdings in such House or Tenement shall be derived, shall be subject and liable to the Payment of the said Tax thereof, and if such Lodgers, or any of them, shall pay the same or any Part thereof, he, she, or they shall be entitled to dedud the Sum or Sums so paid out of his or her Rent for such Lodgings.

XLIII. And, in order to secure the Payment of the said Tax for Owners of such Lodging Houses as aforesaid, and for Stalls in Markets, be it Lodging tfoufcs enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall let out any House or jJJ^kcts^all11* Tenement within the said Circular Road in Lodgings to different Per- rc(?llter pj,‘ce 0£ fons, and shall not keep any Part thereof unset for his, her, or their Abode, own Residence, and reside therein, or shall become the Occupier of any Stall or Stalls in any Market or Markets within the said Limits, then and in every such Case such Person or Persons shall within One Month after having so let out such House or Tenement, or become such Occupier of a Stall or Stalls as aforesaid, deliver in to the Secretary of the said Commissioners a true Statement in Writing of his, her, or their Name or Names, and Place or Places of Abode, and every such Person who shall omit or neglect so to do shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds ; and such Name and Names,

Place and Places, so delivered in, shall be entered by such Secretary in a Book kept for that Purpose, and the Entry in such Book shall, as against every such Person for the Purposes of this Ad, and for Service of any Notice or Process, or other Proceeding under the same, be conclusive Evidence of the Place of Abode of such Person, unless such Person shall prove that he or she has, previous to such Service or other Proceeding, served such Notice on the said Secretary as aforesaid, specifying some other Place of his or her Abode, and that the Place so . specified is the true Place of his or her Abode.

“ Recovery of Rates by Distress, § 44.—Tenements unoccupied to “ pay Half Rates. No more than Two Years Taxes to be recover-<( able, § 45.—Rates due under former Ads on 25th March ISQ7,

<c shall be received by new Commissioners, § 46, 47, 48.—Corpora-<c tion of Dublin shall pay the Commissioners 5^300. Yearly for cer-u' tain Pavements, §49.—And 56*20. Yearly for certain Lamps,

“ § 5°.—And 56 2,000. Yearly for cleansing Streets, § 51.

LII. < And Whereas the present imperfect State of the Pavement 40,oodl. granted c within the Circular Road, and the Want of Sewers, makes it necef- out of rhe f fary that a Sum of Money shall be immediately applied for Remedy ConColidated * of the said Defects, independent of the annual Income hereby grant- Fund. for 1 ed to the said Commissioners be it therefore enabled, That a Sum of Forty thousand founds shall be paid into the Bank of Ireland, to Sewers, &cT the Credit of the said Commissioners, out of the Consolidated Fund, which Sum shall be applied by and under the Orders of the said Com-miflioners as ipeedily as may be, in Manner following* that is to say,

47 Geo. Ill,	Q	q	One

594*

C.cix.

Geneial Road V refen tmenrsnot to be in furore applotted on Houses or Buildings within Circular Road.

470 GEO. III. Sell'. 2.	A.D. 1807.

One Moiety thereof in paving such of the principal Streets, Squares, and Pastages, within the said Circular Road, as they shall think pro-per, with that Kind of Pavement called Granite Pavement, and the other Moiety thereof in making Sewers with Ledges therein for fup-porting Main Pipes, in Manner herein-after particularly mentioned, or in any other Manner that they shall deem expedient to make such Sewers.

Ci Commissioners to pave,raise,lower, See. Streets, Squares, &c. within <£ the Circular Road, and to regulate Arrears, Projections, Scc. § 53,54.

££ —Commiflioners empowered to pave and make Sewers in all new *£ Streets, and to recover the Expences from Inhabitants, §55.—Pro-'

“ perty of present Pavements, Lamps, &c. veiled in new Commissioners,

<f $ 56.—Commiflioners empowered to purchase and take down Build-i£ ings for enlarging Railages, by ContraCl or under Valuation of a.

<£ Jury ; but not to interfere with Commissioners of wide Streets, u § 57—65.—Power to take Gravel, Scc. for paving, paying the “ Value, with Power to Owner to appeal to Sessions, § 66.—Regu-“ lation as to laying Pipes for Water, by the Pipe Water Committee <£ of the City, § 67—73.—Power to Commissioners to contract for ££ paving or lighting, § 74.—Commiflioners shall infpeCl all Works,

<£ § 75.—Commiflioners may alter, Line, Breadth, &c. of Circular “ Road, § 76, 78.

LXXIX. ‘ And Whereas Part of several Parishes, Liberties,

<	Manors, and Diftri&s of the County of Dublin are within the Circular

*	Road, and by this Adi the Occupiers and Owners of the several

*	Houfes and Buildings within the same are liable- to be rated and

*	aflefled for the Purposes of this Adi: in order that such Persons may

<	not also be taxed for the Repairs of the Roads in the Parts of the said / Baronies that are without the said Circular Road/ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful*for any Person or Persons who shall from Time to Time be appointed Applotters in any Parish, Manor, or District so fltuated that the Whole or any Part thereof may be within the said Circular Road, to applot any Part of the Sums presented by the Grand Juries of the County for the making or repairing Roads in the Barony, upon any House or Building rated and assessed under this Act by the said Commissioners, notwithstanding any Proviflon or Thing in any other Adi of Parliament directing such Presentments to be applotted, fully and justly according to the bell of the Skill of the Applotters, upon such Parish, Manor, Liberty, or District ; and every Affidavit which such Applotters are required to make, shall express that they had made the Applotment according to the best of their Skill, without Fayour, Afsection, or Malice, excepting thereout such Houses and Buildings rated and assessed by the said Commissioners within the said Circular Road ; but it shall be lawful for such Applotters, and they shall, according to their usual manner applot all such Sums as may be presented by the Grand Jury of the

'fcoynty for Bridges, Gaols, or otherWorks, to be raised off the County at lafrge.

“/Regulations as to putting up and lighting Lamps, &c. § 80—85.— Powers for fixing Names on Street and Numbers on Houses, See.

Ci $ 86.—Inhabitants to sweep Footways, See. § 87.—Water from f( the Roofs to be conveyed to the Ground, in Pipes, § 88.—Com-“ miiSkmers t? make any Number of public Fountains out of their

** Funds, *

Hosted by CjOO^Ic

C. eix, cx.

595

A. D.18G7.	470	GEO.	III.	SelT.	2,

0 Funds, § 89.—Commiffioners to pay the City £ i j'o. aYeartocn-i( able them to extend their Works for the Supply of those Fountains,

“ § 90.—Penalty for fouling the Water in the Fountains 5s. § 91.—

“ Penalty on injuring Fountains, £ 5.— Parish to repair Fountains “ injured by Night unless they apprehend and convict Offenders, § 93. u —Power to Commissioners to water the Streets, &c. $ 94.—To c<r make Sewers and Drains, $95.— Rate for making and cleaniing u Sewers and Drains, and Watering Streets, § 96.—Sewers, in Streets “ inhabited by poor Persons may be made out of the Fund of the “ Commissioners without a Rate, § 97.— A certain Number of Sewers “ to be made with Ledges for fnpporting Main Pipes, § 98.—Inha-bitants to cleanse private Sewers and Drains, § 99. — Regulations u as to Duff Carts, Dud Holes, § 100—103 —Hollows for Founda-“ tions, &c. shall not be left uncovered or uninclosed, § 104.—Boun-*6 daries of Streets shall not be altered without Notice to Commiffion-“ ers, §105.—. ules as to repairing Houfesand Projections in Streets,

“ §106, 107.—Power to remove ObdruCtions and Nuisances in Streets,

“ § {c8—r 10.—Regulating the driving of Carriages, § ill, I12.— u Training or exercifmg Horses in Street prohibited, $ 113.—Hogs,

4( Sec. not to be in Streets, § 114.—Wheels of Carriages to be of a u certain Width, or not to be licensed, § j 1 5—120.—Carriages to " have the Names of Owners and Places of Abode, §121.

' CXXII. And be it further enadfed, That if any Person or Persons Punishment for shall deal and carry away any of the Flags, Stones, Timber, or other ftenling Propcuy Materials, or any Thing whatsoever belonging to the said Corporation, 0 or any of the said Lamps, Burners, Pods, Iron, or Furniture thereof, 110 ,ers> Fcl°ny-fuch Person or Persons, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be transported for Seven Years,

CXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall pena|r;es of take any Oath or Affirmation by virtue of this Act shall therein wil- pcrjury for fully and corruptly give false F.vidence, and shall be convicted thereof false (wearing, by due course of Law, he or she shall be adjudged guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, and shall incur and fufFer the Pains and Penalties which by Law are enabled againd Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

*4 Recovery and Application of Penalties, Fines, &c. § 124, &e.

Cap, cx.

An Act for deepening, enlarging, maintaining, and improving the Harbour of Peterhead, in the County of ..berdeen,

[13th Augujl 1807. j

u Tonnage Duties granted. —Trtidees empowered to license Pilots.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Pumfhing whatsoever shall, after the palling of this Act, maliciously, wilfully, ^^nSj11(r or wantonly demoliffi, break down, dedroy, or fet on Fire any of the kS;F°ciany. Docks, Jetties, Piers, Quays, Breads, or other Works, condrudted or to be condrudted, in or belonging to the said Harbour of Peterheady every such Person or Persons so offending shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and the Court or Courts by and before whom such Person or Persons shall be indidted and tried, shall and have hereby Power and Authority to transport such Felon or Felons, for the Space of Seven Years, in like Manner as other Felons are directed tq be transported by he J^aws and Statutes of this Realm.

Qq a	Cap.

C. cxi—cxiv.

AJL1807

47° GEO. III. Self. a.

Cap. cxi.

An Act for paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching the Town and Parish of Woolwich, in the County of Kent, and removing and preventing Nuisances therein, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, for providing an additional Burial Ground, and for regulating the Market of the said Town and Parish. [13th Augujl 1807.]

Cap. cxii.

42, G. 3. c. xviii. An Act to amend an Adi, of the Forty-fecond Year of His present Majesty, for building a new Gaol for the County of Galway, and other Purpoies relating thereto 5 and for providing a new Sefiions House for the said County.	[13th	Augujl 1807.J

Commissioners empowered to build a Sessions House.

See former A$s

32	G. 3. c. 101.

33	G, 3. c, 107-

Mr ri ages in Churches lo be valid.

£6 G. 2. c. 33.

Laws concerning the Clergy exn nded ro the R'tdLncs.

Cap. cxiii.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Lancaster Canal Navigation, to vary the Course of the said Canal, and to make Railways or Roads, and to amend and render more effedtualTwo Acta relating to the said Navigation.	[13th	Augujl	1807.]

Cap. cxiv.

An Act for Separating the Chapelries and Chapels of Newcajlle - under* Lyme, Burjlem, Whitmore, Buchnail and Bagnall, and Norton in the Moors, from the Re6tory and Parish Church of Stohe~upon Trent^ in the County of Stafford, and for making them Five diflindt Re Tories and Parish Churches ; and for enabling the Rector of the said Parish Church of Sto/ee upon-Trent for the Time being to grant Building Leases of certain Glebe Lands belonging to the said Redtory.	[	13th	Augujl	J	807.]

XVII. And be it. further enacted, That all Marriages to be duly solemnized in the said Parish Churches of NewcaJHe-undcr-Lyme9 Burjlem, Whitmore, Buchnail and Bagnall, and Norton-iu-the-Moors re-fpedtively, according to and in purluance of the Provisions and Direc- ’ tions of an Adi made in the Twenty-iixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of cl ndejllne Marriages, shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law ; and a Register of every such Marriage, or a Copy thereof, shall be received in all Courts of Law and Equity as Evidence of Marriage, in such and the like Manner as the Regilter of any Marriage solemnized in any other Parish Church is received in Evidence.

XXII, And be it further enacted, That all the public and general Laws and Statutes of this Realm now in being, concerning Rectories, Parish Churches, Redtors, and the Parochial Clergy, shall be ill full force and have Effect and Operation in all respects in regard to the said several Redtories, Parishes, and Parish Churches of NewcaJlle~under-TJyme, Burjlem, Whitmore, Buchnail and Bagnall, and Norion-in-the»Moors, and every of them, in like Manner as if the same had been originally Redtories, Parishes, and Parish Churches^ except as otherwiie, directed by this Aft-

Hosted by

A.D-1807,

47® GEO. III. SelT. 2.G.cxv—cxix.

Cap. cxv.

Ah Aft for enlarging the Powers of an Aft, of the Twenty-fixth Year of His present Majesty, fop making and keeping in Repair certain Roads in the Pari dies of Lambeth, Newington> Saint George Southwark, Bermonafey, and Chrijl Church, in the County of Surrey, and for v^tching and lighting the said Roads.

£i3tb Augujl, 1807,]

Cap. cxvi.

An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of an. Aft for repairing the Roads from Horjham to the Top of Bee ding Hilly and from Steyning to the !op of cteyning Hill in the County of Stiflex ; and for making a Road from the said Roads in the Parish of Beeding, by Beedtng Chalk Pit, to the North Eait Corner of the Sheep Field, in the Parish of Kingflone by Sea in the said County. (a}.	[ 13th Augujl	1807.]

Cap. cxvii.

An Act for improving the Navigation of a certain Part of the River Adur; and for the better draining the Lo w La ids lying in the Levels above Beeding Bridge. and below Mock Bridge and Bines Bridge, all in the County of Sujfex.	[13th	Augujl	1807.]

Cap. cxviii.

An Act for repealing an Aft, made in theThirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for v fling certain Freehold and Copyhold EJlates, devi/ed by the Will of the late Arthur Jones Esquire y deceased, in the Counties of Kent, Nottingham, Carmarthen, Cardigan, and Middlesex, and in the Cities and Liberties of London and Westminster, in Trufees, to be fold, and for laying out the Monies to arij'e by such ale,, together with the Sum of Fifty-three thousand three hundred and thirty-three Pounds Three Shillings and Four-pence, Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, sanding in the Name of the Ac< omptant General of the High Court of Chancery, in TruJl in a certain Cauje in the said Courts Macnamara merfus Jones, being the clear Ref due of the Per final, EJlaie ofthz said Tejlator Arthur Jones, in the Pur chafe of other Lands and Hereditaments to be settled to the same Uses, and for enabling the said Trufees to grant Leases of the Efates so to be purchafeci, and also to cut Timber growing thereupon, fubjeS to Ref ridions, so far as the Trulls thereof have not been performed and caried into Execution, (q. P»)	[13th	Augujl	1807.]

Cap. cxix.

An Act f°r veiling 117 thp Right Honourable Robert Speneer, commonly called Lq'rd Robert Speneer, in Fee Simple; Part of his Settled Estates in the. County or Sussex, in Exchange for another Estate of the fai’d Lord Robert Speneer, in the same County, and for settling such laft-mentioned Estate to the like Uses as the said Part of his Settled Estates Rood settled, (cp P.)	[13th	Auguf	1807.]

9	Cap.

m

26 G. 3. c.131

25 G. 3- c- 109.

3? g: 3, c.43.

Pr.

See A a 3 G.3. c.41,

Pr.

C*cxx—cxxv*	[47® GEO. TIL SefT. 2.

A*D«1807«

Cap. cxx.

An Act to enable the surviving Trustee named in the last Will and Testament of the late Right Honourable Henry Earl of Ely, de-ceased, to fell the Mansion House of the said late Earl, in Ely Place, in the City of Dublin, with the Appurtenances and the Furniture to the said House belonging, and the Glades and Pi6tures therein ; and to lay out the Monies to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments in Ireland, and to fettle such Lands so to be purchased to the same Uses, and subject to the same Limitations, as are in the said Will declared and expressed with re-fpedl to the said Manlion House, with the Appurtenances, (q. PA

[13th Augujl 1807.]

Cap. cxxi.

An Act for the Partition of divers Lands in the Counties of Monaghan, Fermanagh, Louthy and Armagh, late the Property of Sir James Hamilton Knight, deceaied, and in v/hich Catherine Hamilton, Dorothea Haeivkjhaeiv otherwise Hamilton, Maria Williamson other-wife Hamilton, Dacre Hamilton, Olivia Lucas otherwise Hamilton, Elixabeth Hamilton, the ReverendJtftfz^ Hamilton, Skejjxngton Hamilton, Elinor Hamilton, Frances Lee otherwise Hamilton, and the Re-prefentatives of Jane Hamilton, deceased, have undivided Shares, and for the Sale of the Lands therein mentioned, (q. P. )

[13th Augujl 1807.]

Cap. cxxii.

An Act for confirming the Sales, made under the Directions of the Court of Chancery, of several Estates in the Counties of Surrey, SuJJex, and Kent, devised by the Will of Thomas Cooper deceased* (q. P.)	[13th	1807.]

Cap. cxxiii.

An Act for the Sale of Part of the Estate of John Joseph Henry Esquire, for the Intents and .Purposes therein mentioned, and for settling other Estates in lieu thereof to the same Uses, and to extend the leafing Powers of the said John Joseph Henry in respect to Part of his Estates theiein mentioned, (q, P.]	[13th Augujl 1807.]

Cap. cxxiv.1

An Act for vesting the Entirety of certain Settled Estates of Sir Hugh Inglis Baronet, John Watkins Parker Esquire, and Thomas Lloyd Esquire, and Eli%a Bella his Wife, situate in the City of London and County of Middlesex, in Trustees, in Trust to carry into Execution a Contract already entered into for Sale of Part of the same Estates, and to fell the other Part thereof under the Dire&iona of the Court of Chancery, and to apply the Money arjfing from the said Sales in the Manner therein mentioned, (q. P.)

[13th Augujl 1807.]

Cap. cxxv.

An Adi for vesting Part of the Estates, in the County of Berks, deviled by the Will of Bartholomew Ttyptng Esquire, deceased, in

Trustees

jJl.D. 1807.	470	GEO.	III.	Seff.2.	C. cxxv~cxxxi.	599

Trufteea, in Trull to fell the same, and for laying out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Eilates, to be , settled to the same Uses as the Eilates so fold. (q. P.)

[13th Augujl 1807.]

Cap, cxxvi.

An Adi for enabling Trnftees to fell the Settled Eilates of John Bradjhaw Fletcher Esquire (calling himself John Bradjhaw), situate in the County of EJJex, and for laying out the Monies to arise from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of Eilates to be situate in or near" the County of Lancaster, to be settled to the same Uses. (q.P.)

[13th Augujl 1807.]

Cap. cxxvii.

An Adi for veiling several Fee Farm Rents and annual Sums settled by Edward CoIJlon, deceased, on the Mailer, Wardens, and Commonalty of Merchant Venturers of the City of Brijlol, for the Maintenance of an Hospital and Alms-houfe in the said City, in Trullees to be fold, and for applying the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments to be settled upon the Trulls on which such Fee Farm Rents and annual Sums are re-fpedlively held. (q. P.)	[13th	Augujl	1807.]

Cap. cxxviii.

An Adi for veiling certain Eilates belonging to the See of Canterbury in Trullees for Sale, and for applying the Purchase Monies, together with other Monies, in the Manner therein mentioned, and for enabling the Archbilhop of Canterbury to grant Building and Re-, pairing Leases, and for other Purposes. (q.P.) [13th Augujl 1S07.]

Cap. cxxix.

An Adi for enabling the Proprietors of the Navigation of the River See A£l Avon, in the Counties of Somerjet and Gloucester, from the City of 10 Ann. c. 3* Bath to or near Hanhands Mills, to make and maintain an Horse Towing-path, for the Purpose of towing and haling with Horses or other wise. Boats, Ligliters, and otherVelfels, up and down the said River.	[14th Augujl	1807.]

Cap. cxxx.

An Adi for draining, embar.king, and improving Lands in the Parish of Oltringham in Holdernefs, in the Eill Riding of the County of Fork.	[14th Augujl	1S07.]

Cap. cxxxi.

An Adi for prolonging the Term of certain Letters Patent assigned to Henry Fourdrinier and Sealy Fourdrinier, for the Invention of making Paper by means of Machinery.	[14th Augujl 1807.]

Recital of Letters Patent, 20th April, 41 G. 3. to Mr. Gamble, for gt his Machine for making Paper; for England, &c. Patent for Ire* land, 2 1 July, 41 G. 3. Patent for Scotland, 20th January 1802. “ Specifications enrolled as required by the said Letters Patent. Let-<c ters Patent to Mr. Gamble, 7th June, 43 G. 3. for Improvements; “ England. Patent for Ireland, for the said Improvements, 13th

February,

6ob

G\ cfcxxi^ficxxiV. 47® &E&. lit, Seff.2. A.D. 1867.

u February, 44 G. 3. His Patent for hbtland, 2[ft 0 Bober 1803, for “ th£ Improvements. Specification of the Improvements enrolled. <l Alignments of the fe'vetal Patents from John Gamble to Henry 4t FourJ inter and Skaly Fourdrinier. The foie Right to the improved €i Machines veiled in Messrs Fourdrinier and Mr. Gambley for 15 “ Years after the palling the Aft, being an addition of about 7 Years ** to the Terms in the Patent^, § t —TheTaid Persons empowered “ to take certain Rat£s for licences to be granted by them for using 4$ the Machines, § 2, 3.— Not to hinder the using any Invention #i different from those described in Mr. Gamble's Specifications, § 4 — <c Specification of Machine in its present improved State to be inrolied, #c §5*—Objections to the Validity of the Patents not to be affected u by this Aft, § 6.—The Invention shall not become the Property ** of more than Five Persons at once> contrary to 6 G. 2. c. 18.—■ § 7 .—Public Act, § 8.

Cap. cxxxii.

An Act for making better Provision for the Support and Maintenance of the Reftor for the Time being of the Parish of Saint George the Martyr * Southavarky in the County of Surrey. [14th Augujl 1807.] St 23 G. 2. c. 36. repealed.—<=£400 a-Year to be paid to the Reftor, ** to be raised by a Pound Rate—and a House to be built for his Re-€i fidence.

Cap. cxxxiii.

An Act fof ftiore effeflually repairing the Road from the City of York to Kexby Bridge, and frbm Grimjlun to the upper End of Stone Dale, in the County of York. {I)	[14th	Augujl	1807.]

4C Former Acts, 5 G. 3, c.99. aiid 26 G. 3. c. 144. repealed.

Cap. cxxxiv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Brandon, in the County of Suffolk, (q. P.)	[14th	1807.J

INDEX

INDEX

TO THE

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS,

47° GEO. III. Seff. i & 2.

Signifies that the Ad relates exclufiruely to Ireland.

A CCOUNTS Publick

American Treaty Amsterdam (Curacoa)

^Annuities (continuing) Appropriation of Supplies *Arms, Gunpowder, &c.

*------regift ering, Stc.

Audlion Duties,

'— ----------- Regulations)

----—~---------- (Exception)

Banks in East Indies Bark fregrating)

Barrack Mailer General Bombay -Brandy (Excife Duties)

^Brewers Bonds British Museum

Calicoes, &c. British and Irilh

----------(to	Malta)

Cape of Good Hope Chancellor of Irish Exchequer ^Cities and Towns, (Lighting, &c.) Clergy (Augmented Curacies)

Coals to London — to Dublin Coffee and Cocoa Nuts	-	-	.

---------------- "YVarehoufing

Commissioners of Inquiry (Army) Copyhold Courts

47 Gfo. III.	R	r

-	Self. Cap. 39

-	ii. 2

-	«• 34

-	ii. 21

-	ii. 7 6

-	i. S

-	54

-	i. 17

-	ii. 65

-	ii. 68-

-	k 53

-	1. 13

-	in 6S

-	k 27

-	ii. 1 r

-	ii. 36

-	ii. 47

-	ii. 64

-	i. 11

-	ii. 20

	k 4-

	75

“	k 34

-	k 45

s	i. 48

I	ii. 52

-	»• 33

-	ii. 8

*Customs

INDEX TO PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

*Customs Duties,

-------------Continuance)

---------—(additional)

---------(repeal)

*-----—aboliihing Offices

-abolifhing Fees

De Lancey (General)

Eait India Company/Bonds)

---------------- (Servants)

Elections	-

Excise ; *(and Taxes, Duties granted)

■-----Duties (continuing)

*— ----*(repealing Duties)

-------- (Regulations)

------^Licences

Exportation, from Great Britain to Ireland

Fish, from Newfoundland, Szc. (Bounty) Fiffieries ^ British)	-

*	------ (Iriffi)	-	*

*	Forfeited Lands Fort Saint George

Fullers’ Earth, &c. (Exportation)

*Glebe Houses

Good Hope, Cape of -

Grain	-

Herrings (Swedish)

Jebb Mr.	-

Importation (Naval Stores)

---------and Exportation (American Trade)

Indemnity (Offices)

---------— American Trade

^Infirmaries	-

Innkeepers (Soldiers)

*InfurreCiions

Justices

^Kilmainham Hospital -King( Grants of Escheats,&c.

•-----(Grant to the Queen)

.----(Exchange of Lands)

^Lighting, See. Cities Linens (Drawbacks)

———(to Malta)

Loans, Annuities, Exchequer Bills, &C.

SefT. Cap. ii.	I

ii. 16 ii. 61 i. 12

i.	51

ii.	69

11.	41

ii. 68

{

1.	1

: i.	

i.	18

i.	55

ii.	*4

ii.	30

i.	35

ii.	6i

i.	24

ii.	51

ii.	22

i.	16

ii.	68

ii.	49

ii.	23

i.	11

i.	7

ii.	67

ii.	77

ii.	27.

ii.	3S

i.	5

ii.	35

ii.	3

i*	44

ii.	5°

i.	54

ii.	13

ii.	42

ii.	5

ii.	24

ii.	45

ii.	77

i.	42

ii.	49

ii.	64

i.	2

*i.	10

i.	28

i.	55

*i.	46

Loans

4r GEO. III. Self, i & 2. ■

^	Sen:	Cop,

Loans,, Annuities, Excheques Bills, &c.

London (Port) -Lotteries	-

Malt (annual Duties)

% — and Spirits (annual Duties)

*	----Regulations	-

Military Canal and Road Militia, (Irifh to GreatBritain)

------*(Pay, Cloathing, and Allowances)

------(Pay and Cloathing)

-------(Allowances, Adjutants)

----------------(Subalterns)

---------(Enlifting	into	Regulars)

------(increafing)

Mutiny Aft (Army) -*——-------- (Marines)

Naval Asylum

Oaths (as to Colonial Produce)

Officers, Widows,&c. (Half-pay, See.) ^Offices, Fees, and Abuses in

*Paper Duties (Regulation)

Parliament Privilege of •

^Penalties recovering Pennons (annual Duty)

^Plate (Gold and Silver)

*'Poor	-	-

Poll Office fopening Letters)

*	----- (	Receiver General)

*Powerfcourt (Lord)

Prizes Sicilian -

*Quit Rents -

*	Revenue Regulation, (Continuance) Rice, (Warehoufing)

Royal Family (Annuities)

*Salt (Exportation)

-----( Provisions, Exportation)

-----(in American Ships]

Seduction of Soldiers and Sailors ^Servants Wages -Sierra Leone Company Silks (Duty and Drawback)

Slave Trade, Abolition Smuggling , -	.	.

South Sea Company	-	*

	f ii.	6

	\ ii.	7

-<	' ii.	

	j *ii.	72

	^ ii.	73

•	ii.	60

-	ii.	9

- •	i.	3

-	i.	40

-	ii.,	37

-	ii.	70

	i.	6

-	ii.	26

-	ii.	29

-	ii.	3r

-	ii.	34

	f * ii,	55

	I	57

	f * ii.	56

	L ii.	

-	i.	32

-	i.	33

-	i.	52

-	i.	48

-	ii.	25

-	i.	4£

-	i.	3*

-	ii.	40

-	ii.	I £

-	i.	4

-	ii.	*5

-	i.	44

	ii.	53

-	ii.	59

-	ii.	7^

-	i.	47

-	K	16

-	ii.	48

-	i.	48

* ** ■	i.	39

-	ii.	58

-	ii.	10

-	i.	3°

“	2.	1S

“	2.	43

-	ii.	44

-	ii.	63

-	i.	36

-	ii.	66

	i.	23

	Spirits	

INDEX TO PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

Spirits (Drawback Suspension)

-------- (Annual	Duties)

*	---(Retailers’ Licences)

----(Diftilling)

* ------(Rectifying)	-

*	Stamp Duties

Stuart (Sir John)	-

Sugar Drawbacks, Bounties, and Countervailing

—- *( Drawbacks, Bounties, andWarehoufnig)

.------ (Warehoufmg)

.-----	( Refined, additional Bounty)

——*( Countervailing Duties) ■

*:Taxes (Duties Granted)

*—-— (Regulation) .

Thames Police

Tobacco Turkey)	“

—------Cuftoms reducing)

Tobacco-PipeClay, (Exportation)	-	.

Traders’ Debts	-

Treafurerof the Navy Treasury Board	-

'^Watching and Lighting Cities Windsor Forest -	-	-

Woollen Manufacture

Yarn to Canada)	-

---(German, Importation)

	Seff. Cap.	

f		20

i	ii.	62

	i.	40

-	ii.	12

	ii.	*7

	ii.	*9

	i.	•5°

t	ii.	H

	ii.	4

s)	i.	29

	i.	*9

	i.	

	i.	22

	ii.	iS

_	i.	18

	i.	2 JL

	i.	37

-	i.	25

-	i.	3*

	i.	49

-	ii.	74

	i.	56

-	ii.	20

_	i.	42

	ii.	46

-	ii.	43

	i.	9

	i.	2 6

F I N I S.

