LOCAL

*726

Ci-r-iiL

in*.

59* GEO- III.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLIC,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

N. B. — The Continuance of such of the following AQs at are Temporary will be known (where it is not expressly fated) by referring to the following Lift} according to the corresponding Letter at the End of the Title.

(*) For 21 Tears, iffc.

[i. e. to the End of the next Sejffion] from a Day named in the Ad.

(b) For 21 Tears, &c. from the faffing of the Act.

(*) For 21 Tears, &f. after the End of the Term under former Acts.

The following are all Public Acts j to each of which is annexed a Clause in the Form following: u And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken u Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without u being specially pleaded*"

Cap. i.

V G* V*' Ad to con^niie Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of

38 G. 3*.^4J' Three Acts of His late and present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Roads therein respectively mentioned and aescribed, in the County of York; so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the South west Comer of the Inclosures of Harrogate, through Knaresborough, to Barougbbridge. (£) [23d March 1819.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease. New Tolls granted1]

Cap. ii.

An Act for lighting with Gas the City of Bristol, and certain Parishe* adjacent thereto.

[23d March 1819.]

Cap. iii.

An Act for regulating the Police of the Burgh of Calton and Village and Lands of Mile End, in the County of Lanark; paving, cleansing and lighting the Streets and Passages of the said District; and for eroding a Court House, Gaol, and a Bridewell or Workhouse therein* (&)*[23d March 1819.]

A.I). 181 . 99° GEO. III. £ iv — jx.

Cap. vi.

An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Power of Two Acts passed in the Eighteenth and Thirty eighth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Maiden Newton, in the County of Dorset, and other Roads communicating the rewith, in the Counties of Somerset and Dorset. (c) [23d March 18*9.]

[Additional Trustees. New Trustees. Former Tolls to cease. New Tolls granted. Royal Family exempt.']

Cap. v.

An Act to incorporate for a further Term the Governor and Company of the British Plate Glass Manufacture, (c) [13d March 1819.]

Cap. vi.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repair ing certain Roads therein mentioned, so far as relates to the Road leading from Chappel Bar, near Nottingham, to St. Mary's Bridge in jDerby, and from the Guide Post, in the Parish of Lenton, to Sawley Ferry. (b) [23d March 1819*.]

[Additional Trustees.]

Cap. vii.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Qolde* Farmer^ near Bagshot, in the County of Surrey, to Hertfordbridge Hilly and from thence to Basingjloie and Ockham, and from 0diham to the Great Western Road at Bartley Heath in the County of Southampton; and also from Odiham aforesaid to a Place called the Bull Inn, in the Parish of SwallowfAd, in the County of Wilts, on the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Reacting, in the County of Berks, to Basingstoke aforesaid. (a) [23d March 1819.]

[New Trustees. Royal Family exempt from Tells, ]

Cap. yiii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts, for repairing the Road from Fryer Bacon's Study to Chilton Pond, and

other Roads in the County of Berks, so far as relates to the Road called The Abingdon DistriB. (<r) [23d March 1819.]

[New Trustees. Additional Trustees. Royal Family exempt.]

Cap. ix.

An Act for abaKftimff the Payment of certain Tolls called Ingates and Out gates, collected at the several Entrances into the Town of JLiverpaely in the County of Lancader, and of certain Tolls and Stallage now payable in the Markets and Fairs there, and for panting other Tolls and Stallage in lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of the said Markets and Fairs.

[?£d March 1819.]

TIT

*80.3. c.*j. 38 G. J* c. tkXL

38 G. j. c. xvih

31 G. 2. c- SP

to G. 3. c. 73. 39 G« 3. e.*ik

10 G. 1. c. is. 21 G. 1. c. 16. 30 G. 1. c. 61. 13 O. 3. c. 94* 17 O. 3. c. 84. 29 G. 3. c.88." 38 G.3. c.lxvU»

29 G. 2.

18 G.>sitiu 38 G.> L

26 G.3.C.1*. 5S&3.«.oaWft

C. x — xvi.

59° GEO- in.

A.D. 1819.

72#

Cap. x.

3)G. a. c.&7. An Act for more effectually making, straightening, repairing and

*° Jj.3. ©*83. improving the Road from near the Town of Lews to Polegate, in the Parish of Hatlsham, and from thence to Eastbourne, and from Polegate to Hatlsham Common*, in the County of Sussex (a)

[23d March 1819.] [, Additional Trvfiees. Afcw Trustees -ft 070/ Family exempt. J

Cap. xi.

38G.3*c.xxviii. An Act for Bering, amending and extending the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and altering the Parish Church of Saint George the Martyr* in the County of Middlesex, and for making further Provision for the Rector of the said Parish, and for improving the Church Yard thereof.

[31st March 1819.]

Cap. xii*

rt o 834 An Act for continuing and amending Three Acts of His late and G^ present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Kighley to Halifax, in

3I# the West Ridingof the County of York. ($) [31st March 1819.]

[Former Tolls to cease. New Tolls granted. One half additional Toll on Sundays."]

Cap. xiii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or front near the City of CarUfley to the Solway Frith, at or near FishePs Cross, in the Parish of Bowness, in the County of Cumberland.

[6th April 181913

Cap. xiv.

An Act to enable the Justices of Peace for the County of Brecon to take down the present County Bridge over the River Ufk, and to

build Two new Bridges over the Rivers Seuny and UJk in lieu

thereof* [6th April 1819.]

Cap. xv.

as G. 3. e. 35. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Annuities or other-23 G.'3. c. 32. wife, for the purpose of eroding a Worknoufe for the Use of the

57 G.3. C.lxxiii. Poor of the Parish of Saint John of Wapping % in the County of

Middlesex.

[6th April 1819.]

Cap. xvi.

310.3.0.61* An Act to enlarge the Powers of Three* Acts of His present f 3* Majesty, for paving, cleansing and lighting the Streets and other

Pu^c P^ace8 within the King's Town of Maid/lone, in the County 42 g! 3I c. xc! and better Supplying the Inhabitants with Water; and

for watching the said Town, and making public Wharfs therein*

[6th April i8i<^3 [Former Batts to cease. New Rates granted.]

A.D. 1819,

59° GEO. III,

G xvii — xxiv.

7*9

Cap. xvii.

An Act for lighting with Gas the Town and Parish of Cheltenham 26 G 3. e.116. and Precincts thereof, in the County of Gloucester. 46 G. 3. c. cavil.

[6th April 1819.]

Cap. xviii.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Toll House 26 G. s. c. 86. Beck in the Township of Ireby, in the County of Lancaster, to 18 G. 3 c.113. Kirkby Lonsdale and Kirhhy Kendal, in the County of Westmorlandy 6© G. 3. c. ati and through Kirkby Lonsdale to Milnthorp in the said County, (a) 37 c«clxv.

[6th April 1819.]

[Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. xix.

An Act for^nlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His pre- 37G.3.c.«bnii. sent Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from a Place called rcclte<k Morton's Comer, in the Town of Wellingborough, in the County of Northampton, to the East End of Abington Street, in the Town of Northampton. (r) [6th April 1819.]

Cap. xx.

An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of The Gas Light and Coke 5© G.3.c.dxiiL Company, and to amend Three Acts of His present Majesty re- Charter, 30th lating to the said Company.

[7th April 1819.] Q^l*mu

Limitations of Powers of § 7. repealed.

Cap. xxi.

An Act for lighting, watching and cleansing Long Lane, in the 56 G. 3.

Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, in the County of c, lxxxvii. Surreyr, and the Streets, Lanes, Passages and Places contiguous or adjoining thereto within the same Parish.

[7th April 1819.]

Ca/. xxii.

An Act for providing that the several Highways within the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, shall be repaired by the Inhabitants of the respective Townships within which the same are situate.

[8th April 1819.]

Cap. xxiii.

An Act for subjecting certain Streets and Places within and adjacent % g. 3. c. 41. to the Parish of Saint James, Westminster, in the County of Middle- 3 G. 3. e.3. sex, called Optional Streets, to the same Rates for paving, clean f- 4 G. 3. c. 39. ing and lighting as the other Streets and Places within the said £^c. 50. Parish; and for altering, so far as relates to the said Parish, certain Xl g?jV«, Acts for paving, cleaning and lighting the Streets and other Places 30 G. 3! £ within the City and Liberty of Westminster and Parts adjacent. hi part repealed,

[8th April 1819.]*x*

Cap. xxiv.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His pre- 38 G.3.c.xlviii. sent Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Alconbury Hill to Wansfor Bridge, and from Norman Cross to Peterborough Bridge, all in the County of Huntingdon, (e) [8th April 1819.]

[Former Tolls to eeafe. New Tolls granted.']

?30

C xxv — xxvii.

59' GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

43 G.j. c.cxii. repealed.

46 G. 3. c.cxxxiii.

50 G. 3. c. cciii. 5* G. 3.

c. clxxxviii.

57 G. 3. c. viii. 46 G. ?. c. cxxxiii* further con* tinued.

31 0-3-4*

xxv.

An Act for repairing the Road from Shelton's Lane in Bury, in the County of Huntingdon, to a House formerly called Spread Eagle

in the Hamlet of StraUon, in the Parish of Biggie/wade, in the County of Bedford. (a)[8th 1819.]

[Additional Trustees. New Tru/lees.]

Ca/. xxvi.

An Act for further continuing, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Powers granted by an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners acting in Execution of an Agreement made between the East India Company and the private Creditors of the Nabobs of the Carnatic, the better to carry the Tame into Effect.

[19th May 1819.]

Cap. xxvii.

An Act to alter and amend Two Acts of His present Majesty's Reign, for making further Provision for certain Officers of the High Court of Chancery.

[19th May 1819.]

WHEREAS by virtue of an Act passed in the Thirty fecoad Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to empower the High Court of Chancery to lay out a further Sum of the Suitors' Money upon proper Securities, and for applying the Interest*towards discharging the Expences of the Office of the Accountant General^ 4 and for building Offices for the masters in Ordinary in Chancery, and 4 a public Office for the Suitors of the fold Court, and Offices for the Secretaries of Bankrupts and Lunatics, and for building Repofitones for securing the Title Deeds of the Suitors of the said Court, and the Records and Proceedings of the Commissioners of Bankrupts and Lunatics; and of several Acts in the said Act mentioned, divers Sums of Money have been, by virtue of several Orders of the said Court of Chancery, taken out of the common and general Cash belonging to the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, which lay dead and unemployed in the Bank of England, and have been placed out in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court, on Government or Parliamentary Securities; and such Government or Parliamentary Securities have been, in pursuance of the said Act passed in the Thirty second Year of His present Majesty'* 4 Reign, carried to an Account, intituled4 Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery and out of the Dividends and Interest. of the Securities purchased in pursuance of the said several Acts, the several annual Sums and Salaries, and the several other Payments directed to be made and to be paid, have been from time to time made and paid, and the Surplus Interest and annual Produce arising from the said Securities, beyond what was sufficient to answer the purposes of the said several Acts, and alfa the Interest produced from the Securities purchased with such Surplus Interest and annual Produce, have been from time to time, in pursuance of the said last mentioned Act* hid out in the Purchase of Government

A.D. 1819.

5V GEO. III.

C xxvii. 731

or Parliamentary Securities, in the Name of the Accountant*General of the said Court, and placed to the Credit of an Account, intituled i Account of Securities purchased with Surplus ' Interest arising from Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery And Whereas by an Act 55 G. 3. c.lxir. 4 passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making further Provision for the Secretary and UJher to the Vice Chancellor of England, and for the Clerks in the Office of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and for providing additional Clerks for the said Office, it is 4 (amongst other things) enacted, that the Surplus Interest and annual Produce which shall arise from the Money placed out and to be placed out on Securities, pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament therein before mentioned or referred to, or any of them, beyond what shall be sufficient to answer the purposes of the said Acts, shall from time to time be placed out on Government or Parliamentary Securities, and shall be placed to the Credit of the said Account, raised in pursuance of the said Act of the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 4 4 Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery/ and which Fund shall be applied to answer the Demands of the said Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, in case it shall at any time be necessary to call in any of the Money of the said Suitors which had been or might be placed out on Securities: And Whereas by an Act jg «_iTy. 4 Raffed in the Fifty eighth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled An Act to provide additional Salaries to the present Clerks in the Report Office of the High Court of Chancery, and to provide additional Clerks for the said Office, and for making further Provision for the Clerks in the said Office, it is (amongst other things )

4 enacted, that the Surplus Interest and annual Produce, which {hail arise from the Money placed out and to be placed out on Securities, pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament thereinbefore mentioned or referred to, or any of them, beyond what shall be sufficient to answer the purposes of the said Acts, shall from time to time be placed out on Government or Parliamentary Securities, and shall be placed to the Credit of the said Account,

4 raised in pursuance of the said Act of the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, ' and which Fund shall be applied to answer the Demands of the said Suitors* of the said Court of Chancery, in case it shall at any time be necessary to call in any Money of the said Suitors, which had been or might be placed out on Securities: And Whereas since the passing of the said recited Acts of the Fifty fifth and Fifty eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Surplus Interest and annual Produce arising from the said Securities, beyond what was sufficient to answer the purposes of the said Acts, and of the several Acts therein respectively recited or referred to, and also the Interest produced from the Securities purchased with such Surplus Interest and annual Produce, have been from time to time, by virtue of several Orders of the said Court of Chancery for that

4 ptnrpose,

732

C. xxvii.

59° GEO. III-

A.D. 1819.

55 G. 3. c. lxiv. S 5* and 58 G. 3. c. lxUi S 7* repealed.

Application of such Surplus Interest and annual Produce.

purpose, laid out in the Purchase of Government or Parliamentary

Securities, in the Name of the Accountant General of the said

Court, and placed to the Credit of an Account, intituled*Account of Securities purchased with Surplus Interest arising from

Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of

Chancery but although the said Investments were placed to the

Credit of the said last mentioned Account, to which the same correctly belonged, yet nevertheless the same were not authorised to be so done by the said last mentioned Acts of the Fifty fifth and Fifty eighth Years of His said present Majesty's Reign, it having been by Mistake thereby respectively directed that such Surplus Interest and annual Produce, when laid out in the Purchase of Government or Parliamentary Securities, in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court, should be carried to the Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery: And Whereas it is expedient and necessary that the Provisions in the said last mentioned Acts should be explained, altered and amended May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Acts of the Fifty fifth and Fifty eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as

provides that the Surplus Interest and annual Produce which should arise from the Money placed out and to be placed out on Securities, pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament thereinbefore mentioned or referred to, or any of them, beyond what should be fofficient to answer the purposes of the said Acts, should from time to time be placed out on Government or Parliamentary Securities, and should be placed to the Credit of the said Account raised in pursuance of the said Act of the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, ' and which Fund should be applied to answer the Demands of the said Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, in case it should at any time be necessary to call in any Money of the said Suitors which had been or might be placed out on Securities, be and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Surplus Interest and annual Produce which hath arisen and shall arise from the Monies placed out and to be placed out on Securities, pursuant to the said several Acts of the Fifty fifth and Fifty eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or either of them, or to the several Acts therein mentioned or referred to, or any of them, or to the said Orders of the said Court of Chancery, beyond what shall be sufficient to answer the purposes of the said several Acts; and also the Interest produced from the Securities purchased with such Surplus Interest and annual Produce, shall from time to time be laid out in the Purchase of Government or Parliamentary'Securities, in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court, and placed to the Credit of the said Account raised in pursuance of the said Act of the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled*Account

A.D. 1819.

59° GEO. III.

C. xxvii, xxviii.

738

count of Securities purchased with Surplus Interest anting from v Securities, carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery.* '

III. And be it further enacted, That out of the Interest and Divi- Expenceaof dends of the Government or Parliamentary Securities purchased and Act, Ac. to be purchased as aforesaid, the Costs incurred in procuring and how passing this Act, and the Costs, Charges and Expences of all Proceedings to be had in execution and in pursuance thereof, shall be

paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpose.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and Lord Chan-for the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or Lord Jfceeper cellor may

or Lords Commimoners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great 4110 So-

Britain, for the time being, by any Order or Orders of the said cuntoea*

Court of Chancery, to change the Security or Securities or any Part of the Securities purchased or to be purchased pursuant to the said several Acts, or to the Orders of the said Court of Chancery hereinbefore mentioned or referred to, or pursuant to this Act.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That Suitors' Money for and notwithstanding any of the Provisions contained in this Act, to he celled in if at any time hereafter the Whole or any Part of the Monies

placed out pursuant to the said several Acts, or to the said Orders of demands of*

the said Court of Chancery or any of them, or to be placed out in gUcb Suitors.

+pursuance of this Act, shall be wanted to answer any of the Demands of the Suitors of the said Court of Chancery, then and in such Case the said Court may and shall direct the Whole or any Part of such Monies to be called in, and the Securities in which the same, and the Surplus Interest and Dividends hereinbefore mentioned shall be placed, to be sold and disposed of, in order that the Suitors of the said Court may at all times be paid their respective Demands out of the common and general Cash belonging to such Suitors.

---

[Public Act.]

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. xxviii.

An Act for establishing an Assay Office in the City of Glasgow.

[19th May 1819.]

---

WHEREAS the Gold and Silversmiths and Plateworkers in and about the City of Glasgow in the County of Lanark, and in the Western Parts of Scotland, suffer great Hardship and

Inconvenience in the Exercise of their Trades for want of Assayers at a convenient Place to assay and touch their* Wrought Plate

For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent MLajesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That Robert Gray, William Gray, Company JVtlliam Mitchelly Alexander Mitchell, Donald MiCalfum> James New- constituted lands, Philip Grierson, Luke Fraser Newlands, William McCulloch9John Murray, James Brown Adjheady Robert Wilson9 James Finlayfon9

Thomas

C. xxviii.

59° GEO. III. A.D. 1819.

Their Style.

Warden! to be elected.

New Members to be chosen instead of those dying.

What sort of Persons to be chosen.

Selling Gold Plate not marked as herein mentioned.

Thomas Finlayfon, Robert Reid, John Reid, Robert Duncan, Walter Gray, Peter A it ken, David Macdonald, James Downie, John Paterson* Andrew Burrell\ John Heron, William Hannay, Robert Turnbull and James Allan, Gold and Silversmiths and Plateworkers in and about Glasgow, shall be and are hereby incorporated a Company of or belonging to the said City of Glasgow, and shall be called and known by the Name of The Glasgow Goldsmitbs9 Company, and shall be Members of such Company so long as they live and reside in Inch Town, or within Forty Miles to the West and South thereof; which Company shall be enabled and is hereby authorised, on or before the First Day of July next, to meet at some convenient Place within the said City, and choose Four fit and proper Persons resident in the said City, or within Ten Miles thereof, by Majority of Voices, to be the Wardens of the said Company in the said City, which said Wardens shall continue for the Space of One Year and no longer, unless re-elected by the Company in manner aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall be enabled, and is hereby authorised and directed annually on the First Monday in July in every Year, out of fit and proper Persons resident in the said City, or within Forty Miles to the West and South thereof, to choose, by a Majority of Members present at any Meeting to be held for that Purpose, One or more Person or Persons into the said Company in the place and (lead of such of the said Company who shall have died or removed to a greater Distance than Forty Miles as aforesaid from the said City; and also to choose as Members of the said Company such additional fit and proper Person or Persons as such Majority may deem expedient or necessary, from among such Persons as may from time to time lawfully carry on the Trade of Goldsmiths or Silversmiths or Plateworkers in Glasgow, or within the Distance thereof aforesaid; and that immediately thereafter such Company shall be so filled up or chosen in manner aforesaid, they shall be enabled and are hereby authorised and directed to proceed to the Election of the Four Wardens for the Year ensuing in manner aforesaid; and if any of the said Wardens so chosen as aforesaid shall happen to die or remove to a greater Distance than Ten Miles out of Glasgow as aforesaid, then the said Company shall within One Month after such Death or Removal, choose another Person in manner aforesaid to be Warden in his Room, and such Person shall be and is hereby authorised and required to act accordingly for the Remainder of that Year.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Gold or Silversmith or Plateworker in Glasgow, or within Forty Miles thereof as aforesaid, shall knowingly put to sale, exchange or fell any Gold Veffd, Plate, or Manufacture of Gold made or wrought in the said City, or within the Distance aforesaid, after the First Day of July next, or export the same out of Great Britain, until such time as such Vessel, Plate, or manufactured Gold (such Gold Plate being of the Standard of Twenty two Carats of Fine Gold per Pound Troy, or of the Standard of Eighteen Carats of Fine Gold per Pound Troy; such last mentioned Standard being marked with the Number Eighteen in addition to the Marks after mentioned) shall be marked as follows; that is to say, with the Mark of the Worker or Maker thereof, which shall be the First Letter of his Christian and Surname,

A.D. 1819. 39° GEO. III. C.xxviii. 735

name, and also with the Lion Rampant, and with the Mark of the said Company, to denote the Goodness thereof, and to shew that the same was assayed $ and also with a distinct variable Mark or Letter, which Letter or Mark shall be annually changed upon the Election of new Wardens for the said Company, to denote the Year in which such Plate is marked, upon pain that all such Gold Plate or other manufactured Gold which shall be made, exposed to sale, exchanged or exported, contrary to this Act, shall be forfeited, Penalty, or the Value thereof, One Moiety thereof to The King's Majesty,

His Heirs and Successors, and die other Moiety thereof to such Person or Persons as will sue for the same, to be recovered by Action in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland; excepting always such things as by reason of their Smallness or Thinnels are not capable of receiving a Touch; and excepting also such Articles as are specially excepted by an Act of the Twelfth Year of the is G. % . e.a6. Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the better preventing Frauds and Abuses in Gold and Silver Wares; and by another Act of the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of4 G. 3. C.53. His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on all Gold and Silver Plate imported, and also certain Duties on all Gold and Silver wrought Plate made in Great Britain.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Gold or Silversmith or Selling Silver Plateworker in Glasgow, or within Forty Miles thereof as aforesaid, Plate net shall knowingly put to sale, exchange or fell any Silver Vessel, Plate, maI*ed as or Manufacture of Silver made or wrought in the said City, or within the aforesaid Distance thereof, after the First Day of July U next, or export the same out of Great Britain, until such time as such Vessel, Plate, or manufactured Silver (such Silver Plate being of the Standard of Eleven Ounces Two Pennyweights of Fine Silver per Pound Troy) shall be marked as follows; that is to say, with the Mark of the Worker or Maker thereof, which shall be the First Letter of his Christian and Surname, and also with the Lion Rampant, and with the Mark of the said Company, to denote the Goodness thereof, and to shew that the same was allayed; and also with a distinct variable Mark or Letter, which Letter or Mark shall be annually changed upon the Election of new Wardens for the said Company, to denote the Year in which such Plate is marked, or Silver Plate of the Standard of Eleven Ounces Ten Pennyweights to be marked as aforesaid, and with the additional Mark hereinafter mentioned, upon pain that all such Silver Vessels,

Plate, or other manufactured Silver which shall be made, exposed to sale, exchanged or exported contrary to this Act, shall be for- Penalty, feited, or the Value thereof. One Moiety thereof to The King's Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to such Person or Persons as will sue for the same, to be recovered by Action in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland; excepting such things as by reason of their Smallness or Thinness are not capable of receiving a Touch; and also excepting the several Wares of Silver as are specially excepted by the said recited AcLs of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, and Twenty fourth of His present Majesty, and also by another Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present 3° G 3, 9.31. Majesty, intituled An Act to alter so much of an Act made ui the Twelfth 7'ear of the Reign. of His late Majesty King George the

Second,

73«

C.XXviii.

58« GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

H G. 3. c. 5J.

The Mark of the Company.

An Aasayer or Aasayen to be appointed.

To enter into Bond to the Master of the Mint in Scotland.

The Awayer's Oath.

Second, intituled An Act for the better preventing Frauds and-Abuses in Gold and Silver Wares f and also fa much of another Act made in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on all Gold and Silver Plate imported; and also certain Duties on all Gold and Silver wrought Plate made in Great Britain, as relates to the marking of Silver Wares.

V. And be it further enacted, That the peculiar Mark of the said Company directed to be used as aforesaid shall be the Arms of the City of Glasgow.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall from time to time elect and choose in manner aforesaid One or more able and (kilful Person or Persons experienced in the allaying of Gold and Silver to be the A flayer or A flayers, and that such Person or Persons so chosen shall continue in the said Office during his or their Life or Lives, unless he or they shall neglect to attend the said Business, or shall die, or be rendered incapable of executing the said Office of Aflayer; for which said Aflayer or Aflayers, it shall and may be lawful to detain Eight Grains only from every Pound Troy of Silver he or they shall assay, Four Grains whereof shall be put into the Box or Diet, and the other Four Grains shall be allowed him towards his Wade and Spillings in making the said Allays; and every Aflayer or Aflayers chosen in pursuance of this Act immediately sifter his or their Election or Elections, and before he or they take upon himself or themselves the Execution of the said Office, shall enter into a Bond or Obligation to the Matter of His Majesty's Mint in Scotland for the time being, with Two sufficient Sureties, to be approved of by the said Matter, in the Penalty of Five Hundred Pounds for the Execution of the said Office, and for the due Payment of all such Fines and Sums of Money as are and shall be charged or imposed on him or them by this Act for Neglect or Fraud in the Execution of the said Office, and shall also take and subscribe the Oath following; videlicet,

4 T A. B. do swear, That I will be faithful and true to our Sovereign Lord King George, and will, so long as I continue an ' Aflayer, well and faithfully behave myself in the said Office, and no undue Profit to myself take, or to any other Person whatsoevpr, whether the same be or not for my own Benefit, to the Hurt or Hindrance of any Person that is Owner or Bringer of any Gold or Silver in Plate to be assayed, except of Wrought Plate only, Four Grains of Silver of every Pound Weight to be taken and put into the Diet Box, and other Four Grains of Silver to be taken likewise of every Pound Weight of Silver Plate wrought 4 (and not otherwrife) towards my Watte and Spillings in making the said Aflays; and that I will touch no Gold or Silver but what shall be of the Goodness of and according to the Standard of Great Britain, which for the time being is or shall be appointed by Law for Wrought Plate, or better; and all such Gold and Sliver respectively as shall be brought to me to be touched, I will carefully examine, to fee if the Gold be of all one Sort of Gold,

and the Silver of one Sort of Silver, and of good and sufficient Workman ship, and whether all the Pieces be fixed together that are intended to be affixed together, and whether it be not charged with unnecessary Solder, and if I find the same liable to any of the

A.D. 1819. 59° GEO. III.

C.xxviii.

737

4 Objections aforesaid I will not assay the same; and that I will 1 truly set down in Writing all such Gold and Silver as shall be

brought to me to be touched, and the same at all times as I shall be

required will duly and truly deliver again (except eight Grains as aforesaid), and will true Accounts make thereof when required by the Wardens of the Company wherein I am chosen A flayer t 4 and that I will no Allays make of things new wrought before that they be marked with the Mark of the Maker or Owner thereof; and that I will, according to the bed of my Skill and

Judgment, make every Assay so and in such sort and manner as

4 may bed ascertain the true intrinsic Standard of such Plate so to be allayed; and that I will not put or wittingly suffer to be put into the aforesaid Box any Gold or Silver but such respectively as has been feraped and taken in my Presence from the Plate which 4 I shall assay and pass for Standard; and that I will not, by myself or in Partnership with any other Person, directly or indirectly, be concerned in the buying or selling of Gold or Silver Builion, or in the manufacturing of Wrought Plate. So help me GOD.1

Which Oath the Lord Provost of the City of Glasgow for the time being, or in his Absence, the Senior Magistrate of the said City, is hereby required and empowered to administer to such AlTayer.

VII. Provided always nevertheless, and be it enacted by the peat* or Authority aforesaid, That if any Person chosen AlTayer in pursuance jayf/anotlier*" of this Act shall neglect to attend the said Business, or shall die, or ^y be ap_

be rendered incapable of executing the said Office* that then and in pointed*, either of the said Cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company to elect and choose in manner aforesaid another fit and proper Person to be the Allayer in the place and dead of the AlTayer so neglecting or dying or being incapable of executing the said Office.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall An Asspy Office

find and provide, within the said City of Glasgow, a proper Place be provided for an Office for receiving in, assaying and delivering out all W: rought*

Plate that shall be brought to be allayed in pursuance of this A&5

and that all Wrought Plate that shall be there brought for the

purpose aforesaid, shall be weighed and examined by the AlTayer;

and i£ on view thereof, and after weighing the same in Water, and Proceedings in

trying the Effect of Magnetism, the AlTayer shall have suspicion of caste of Assayer

Iron or other base Metal being introduced, or wrought into or in- suspecting that

corporated therewith, or concealed therein, he shall thereon forthwitn

warn the Four Wardens to attend, and they shall, along with the Wrought Plate

AlTayer, fee if such Plate brought to be assayed be all of one Sort brought there

of Gold or Silver, and of good and sufficient Workmanship, and to be assayed.

whether all the Pieces be affixed together that are intended to be

affixed together, and whether it be marked with the Maker or Owner's*

Mark, or be not charged with unnecessary Solder; and that if it shall be found that such Plate is liable to all or any of the Objections aforesaid, that then and in every such Case the same shall be returned without any Assay made thereof; but if such Plate shall be found free from all the Objections aforesaid, then there shall be drawn, feraped or cut off so much from each Piece, in proportion to the Weight thereof, as will not exceed in the whole the Kate of Eight Grains for every Pound Weight; and the Drawings* Scrapings or 59 G*o. III. 3 B Cuttings

738

C. xxviii.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Plate suspected may be cut in Presence of Wardens, &c. and if base) Metal, &c. found, Plate may be defaced.

Kecom pence for Damage, when no base Metal, &€ found.

Assayer to report to Wardens.

Proceedings

thereon.

Cuttings off shall immediately after be divided into Two Moieties; and a Moiety of the Drawings, Scrapings or Cuttings off from each Piece, be delivered to the Assayer, wherewith to make his A flays; and the other Moiety shall be locked up with Two different Locks in a Box to be provided for that Purpose, (which shall be called the A flayer's Box,) and the respective Keys thereof shall be kept by the Senior Warden and Affayer of the said Company.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if on view of any of the said Plate so brought to be assayed, and after weighing the same in Water, and trying the Effect of Magnetism, the Wardens and Assayer, or either of them, when called as aforesaid, shall have suspicion of Iron or other base Metal being introduced, wrought into, or concealed in any Piece of Plate so brought to be assayed, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Wardens and Affayer to cut the same, or cause the same in their Presence to be cut 5 and if upon cutting thereof, any unnecessary Iron or other base Metal shall be found therein, the said Piece of Plate shall be broken and defaced, and they are hereby authorised and directed to break and deface the same; and the said Plate, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited to the said Wardens and Assayer, and the Produce thereof be by them applied towards the Expences of the Assay Office.

X. Provided always nevertheless, and be it enacted, That if on cutting such Plate as aforesaid, no unnecessary Iron or other base Metal shall be found therein, that then and in such Case the said Wardens and Affayer shall forthwith make a Recompence and Satisfaction in Money to the Owner of such Plate, to the frill Amount of the Damage done to the same, and charge the same to the Account of the Expences of the Assay Office.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Moiety of the Drawings, Scrapings or Cuttings off of each Piece lo to be brought to the Assay Office as aforesaid, shall be put in separate Papers, and marked with corresponding Numbers, and the Affayer shall make his Report to the Wardens upon each Piece; and such of the fdd Numbers as the Affayer shall report to be worse than Standard, the Pieces of Plate corresponding with such Numbers shall be broke to Pieces in the Presence of the said Wardens to be called as aforesaid, and the Assayer, and returned to the Owner; and such Numbers as the said Affayer shall report to be Standard, or better, the Pieces of Plate corresponding with such Numbers shall be marked by the Affayer with the Company's Mark, and delivered to the Owner or Bringer of such Plate (he paying for making the Assay thereof such Sums of Money as are hereinafter directed to be paid for the same); and the Scrapings belonging to such corresponding Numbers which shall be so reported Standard or better, shall be taken out of the #Aflayer*8 Box and be folded up, and the Name of the Maker of

the Plate indorsed thereon, and deposited in a Box to be provided for that Purpose (which shall be called the Diet Box), and which Box shall be locked with Two different Locks, and the respective Keys thereof shall be kept by One of the said Wardens and Allayer, and which said Box shall never after be opened but in the Presence of the said Wardens and Assayer, or any of the Diet taken thereout but for the purpose of Trial uiereof annually, as hereafter is mentioned; and the Moiety of the Scrapings, Drawings or Cuttings

7 off

A.D. 1819. 59 GEO- III.

739

C.*xxviii.

off which shall be delivered to the Allayer for the purpose of allaying, or so much thereof as shall remain after such rrocess, shall be put together in the A flayer's Box, in a Part thereof to be appropriated for that Purpose, to be disposed of as by this Act is hereinafter directed.

XII. Provided always nevertheless, and be it enacted, That if J" pass any Plate so brought to be assayed shall be reported to be of the ^rmarhi^Standard of Eleven Ounces Ten Pennyweights, or better, that then iud^n the Moiety of the Drawings, Scrapings or Cuttings off from such Dfet Boa. Plate shall be put in the Diet Box, in a Part thereof to be appropriated for that Purpose, and not blended with the other Diet, to

the intent that the Diet of Plate of each of the aforesaid Standards may be separately tried on the annual Trial of the Diet hereinafter directed; and such Plate of the Standard of Eleven Ounces Ten Pennyweights shall be marked with the additional Mark of the Figure of Britannia.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That on or before the First Gold and Si-Day of July next, every Goldsmith, Silversmith or Plateworker inha- versmiths to biting the City of Glajgotv aforesaid, or within the Distance thereof ?lar the"r, aforesaid; and also every Person who at any time after the said First

Day of July next shall follow the Trade of a Goldsmith, Silversmith Wardens wither Plateworker, before he takes upon him to exercise any of the out Fee. said Trades, within the Limits aforesaid, shall enter his Name, and his Mark and Place of Abode with the Wardens of the said Company, which shall be done by the said Wardens upon demand, without Fee or Reward; and if any such Goldsmith, Silversmith or Not entering Plateworker shall not enter his Name and Mark, and Place of Abode Name, Ac. as aforesaid, or shall strike any other Mark on Plate than what is so entered, such Goldsmith, Silversmith or Plateworker so offending, shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds* to be recovered and disposed Penalty jcL of as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whatsoever Forging, Ac. shall caff, forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be caff, forged Marks;

or counterfeited, any Mark or Stamp used or to be used for marking Plate in pursuance of this Act, or by any Maker or Worker of Gold or Silver Plate, or any or either of them, or shall caff, forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be caff, forged or counterfeited, any Mark, Stamp or Impression in imitation of or to resemble any Mark, Stamp or Impression made or to be made with any Mark or Stamp used or to be used as aforesaid by the said Company, or by any Maker or Worker of Gol4 or Silver Plate, or any or either of them, or shall mark or stamp, or cause or procure to be marked or or marking Ramped, any Gold or Silver Wrought Plate with any Mark or Stamp* whim hath been or shall be forged or counterfeited in imitation of, or°rged Marks, to resemble any Mark or Stamp used or to be used as aforesaid by the said Company, or by any Maker or Worker of Gold or Silver Plate, or any or either of them; or shall transpose or remove, or or removing oause or procure to be transposed or removed, from one Piece of Marks to other Wrought Plate to' another, or to any Plated Vessel, or to any Vessel &c*

of bale Metal, any Mark, Stamp or Impression made or to be made by or with any Mark or Stamp used or to be used as aforesaid by the said Company, or by any Maker or Worker of Gold or Silver Plate, or any or eithor of them; or shall fell, exchange or expose to sale, or selling or or export out of Scotland^ any Gold or Silver Wrought Plate, or exporting put

9 B 2 any Scotland,

740

Plate, Ac. with forged Marks;

or haring in Possession forged Marks.

Transportation for 14 Years. Stamping Plated Goods and base MetaL

Penalty xocL Plate (Exception) to be marked with the Mark of the Company.

Fee for mark* ing.

Proviso for small Parcels or Pieces.

Assayer not to disclose Patterns;

C.xxviii..59° GEO. III. A.D. 1819

any Vessel of bale Metal, with any such forged or counterfeit Mark, Stamp for Impression thereon, or any Mark, Stamp or Impression which hath been or shall be transpoled or removed from any other Piece of Plate, knowing such Mark, Stamp or Impression to be forged, counterfeited or transposed or removed as aforesaid; or shall wilfully or knowingly have or be possessed of any Mark or Stamp which hath been or shall be forged or counterfeited in imitation of or to resemble any Mark or Stamp used or to be used as aforesaid by the said Company, or by any Maker or Worker of Gold or Silver Plate, or any or either of them, every such Person offending in any, each or either of the Cases aforesaid, being thereof lawfully con-vided, shall, by Order of the Court before whom such Offender shall be convicted, be transported for the Term of Fourteen Years.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Working Goldsmith or Silversmith, or Dealer in Wrought Plate, or any Worker or Dealer in any other Metal, plated or covered with Gold or Silver, shall (trike or cause to be (truck any Letter or Letters upon any Vessel or other thing made of Metal, plated or covered with Gold or Silver, or upon Metal Vessel or other thing made to look like Gold or Silver, such Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered and ffifposed of as aforesaid.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Goldfinith, Silversmith and Plateworker, shall first fix his or their Mark upon his or their Plate which shall be made from and after the First Day of July next (except such things which, by reason of their SmaUnels or Thumess, are not capable of receiving the Touch, and also excepting the several Wares excepted by the said recited Acts), and shall then bring or fend the same to the Office of the said Company, where they shall have entered their Mark and Place of Abode, and the same shall be there assayed according to this Act; and if by the Affayer it shall be found to be of the Fineness of Standard which for the time being is orj shall be appointed by Law for Wrought Plate, or better, then the same shall be marked with the Mark of the said Company, and of the Aflayer; and that it flxafl and may be lawful to and for the said Assayer, or such other Person as the Wardens for the time being of the said Company shall appoint, to a(k, demand, take and receive of and from all and every such Person and Persons as shall from time to time bring to the AJay Office belonging to the said Company any Piece or Parcel of Wrought Plate to be assayed, tried and marked, such Prices, Sums of Money or Rewards as they shall think fit, lo as such Prices, Sums of Money or Rewards do not exceed the Sum of One Shilling and b; xpence lor every Pound Troy of Plate, and so proportionality for every greater or less Quantity so assayed and marked: Provided nevertheless, that if any Parcel or single Piece of Wrought Plate shall be brought or lent to the said Office to be assayed, which, according to the Rate or Price hereinbefore limited, shall not amount to the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence, then there shall be paid for assaying and marking such Parcel or single Piece of Wrought Plate, a Sum of Money or Reward not exceeding One Shilling and Sixpence, any thing herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Aiayers so to be chosen by virtue of this Act as aforesaid, shall not discover by

A.D. 181&

59° GEO. III.

C. xxviii.

741

Description, in Words or otherwise, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, any Pattern, Delign or Invention of any Piece of Gold or Silver Plate brought or to be brought to the Office to be assayed as aforesaid, or permit the same to be viewed or seen by any Person whatsoever but the Wardens and other Persons necessarily employed or to be employed in the said Office; and also shall keep a Book or to keep a Book Books wherein shall be entered the Names of every Owner of Plate for Entry of brought to be allayed, and the Assortment of Plate a flayed, and Qirn^of an Account of the Money received for the assaying thereof, and pute brought likewise an Account of the Monies arising from the Scrapings and to be assayed. Cuttings off of the said Plate so brought to be assayed, when the same shall be sold in manner hereinafter directed, and also -n Account of the Officers and Servants, Salaries and Wages, and other incidental Expences attending the carrying this Act into execution $ and that every Member of the said Company shall have free Access to the said Books and Inspedfcion thereof; and any A flayer who shall Amycr offend-so discover any Pattern or Invention as aforesaid, shall, for every such "g» t

Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds Sterling, Penalty icl. to be recovered and applied in manner hereinafter prescribed.

XVIIL And be it further enacted, That the Marks of the said Mark* to be Company shall be locked up in a Box, whereof the Key shall be°ckad up. kept by the Affayer of the said Company, to be used by him for the purpose of marking the Plate which shall have been assayed and reported Standard; and if the Affayer shall mark or suffer to be Marking Plain marked with the Company's Mark any Plate that has not been duly °<* duly as-assayed and found Standard, he shall forfeit and pay the Sum of*?*,

Ten Pounds Sterling, to be recovered and disposed of in manner here- Penalty xcl. inafter mentioned, and shall be turned out or his Office, and be rendered ever after incapable of exercising the Office of an Affayer.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Affayer of the said Scraping*, Ac. Company shall Four times in every Year duly weigh, in the Presence to

of the Wardens of the said Company, all the Scrapings and Cuttings n

off of the Silver deposited in the Allayer's Box, after Report thereof

made as aforesaid, and enter the true Weight thereof m a Book to

+be kept for that Purpose; and that when the same is so weighed and entered, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Wardens to sell and dispose thereof, and after entering an Account of the Produce thereof in the Book belonging to such Company, containing

their Receipts and Payments for and on the Account of the Allay

Office, pay and apply the same for and towards such Payments.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Diet Box belonging to Diet Box to be

the said Company shall once in every Year be opened in the Prelence yearly to of the Affayer and the Four Wardens, and the Diet therein be taken Edin-

out and carefully packed up, and secured and sealed with the respec- ur^

tive Seals of the said Wardens and Assayer, and by them in each other's Presence delivered to a Messenger, to be by him conveyed to His Majesty's Mint at Edinburgh, and delivered to the Matter of the Mint for Scotland.\ or his Deputy, or other Person or Persons from tinie to time lawfully appointed and authorised to receive the same, taking a Receipt from {uch Person who shall receive it for the same, which Receipt the said Mailer of the Mint for Scotland\ or his Deputy, are hereby directed to give; and that the Messenger conveying Mmenger to the same shall, at the time of the delivering thereof, make Oath before make Oath as the said Matter or his Deputy (which Oath the said Matter or his bawin man-

3B3 Deputy

748

C. xxviii.

59° GEO. III. A.D. 1819.

Diet to be tried by Master of Mint at Edinburgh.

Master to girt Notice thereof to Aasayer.

If Diet tot Standard.

Penalty iocl. and Incapacity.

No Profit to be made by the Company.

Deputy are kereby authored and directed to administer), that he received the Box or Parcel (as the case may be) from the Wardens and A flayer of the Company, so sealed as on the Delivery thereof, and that the same had not been opened after he had so received the same.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Mailer of His Majesty's Mint for Scotland for the time being, or his Deputy, shall, within Fourteen Days next after the said Diet shall have been so delivered, fix and appoint a time for the Trial of the said Diet by The King's A flay Mailer of His Majesty's Mint for Scotland, before such Person or Persons as shall from time to time be appointed by the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland\ or any Three or more of them, for the time being, for the Trial of Gold and Silver Plate at Edinburgh; and that the said Mailer of the Mint or his Deputy shall, by Letter to be sent by the General Poll, give such Affayer whose Diet is to be tried, Notice, of the time and Place appointed for such Trial, that he may ^e present if he thinks fit; and on that Day whereon the Person or Persons to be apnointed from time to time as aforesaid shall so appoint, the Trial mail be proceeded in, in the Manner and under the same Regulations, in and under which Trials of Wrought Plate are proceeded in and made in Edinburgh; and, if upon such Trial the same shall be found of the Standard Fineness, or better, then and in such Case His Majesty's said Afiay Mailer for Scotland9 or his Deputy, shall return the said Diet to or to the Order of the Wardens ana Assay Matter of the Company aforesaid, who are hereby authorised to sell and dispose thereof, and having entered the Produce thereof in the Book of Act counts of the Receipts and Payments of the said Company, pay and apply such Produce for and towards the necessary Expence of the said Company.

XXIL Provided always nevertheless, and be it enacted, That if on the said Trial the said Diet shall be found not of Standard Fineness, according to the respective Standards thereof, but worse, then and in such Cale the Affayer belonging to the said Company, whose Diet, shall be so tried, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered and disposed of as aforesaid, and shall ever after be rendered incapable of acting as an Affayer.

XXIII. Provided also, and it is hereby enabled and declared. That in case the said Prices, Sums of Money, or Rewards hereby given, granted or allowed to the said Company for the assaying and marking Wrought Plate, shall raise more Money than shall be sufficient to defray the Expence of obtaining and patting this Act, and the necessary Expences of the said Assay Offices, then the Overplus Money (it any) shall be applied by the said Company from time to time in the prosecuting Offenders against this Act; and if such Prosecutions shall not require the Whole of such Overplus, then and in such Case the said Prices, Sums of Money or Rewards shall afterwards be lessened in proportion by the said Company; and they are hereby required to take so much less for the assaying, trying and marking Wrought Plate for the future, as will reduce the Sum to be taken to such a Sum as will answer the purposes aforesaid only, without bringing any Profit to the said Company; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwith-ffcmaing.

59° GEO* III.

C. xkviii.

743

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Wardens and Affayer Trial Pieces to of the said Company shall from time to time, when required by the

Matter of His Majesty's Mint for Scotland, or his Depute, transmit jj the Mint, to the said Matter or nis Depute, at the Office of His Majesty's Mint at Edinburgh, Specimens of the Trial Pieces used by the said Company, or their Wardens and Aflayers, in trying and touching the Wrought Plate brought to the said Company to be by them assayed, so that the Purity of the Trial Pieces used by the said Company may be at all times known, and subject to the Examination of the said Matter and his Deputy.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall, Tecs of the

before the A flay of their Diet, yearly and every Year pay to the

Matter of His Majesty's Mint for Scotland, or his Deputy, for the y^rly^Trials.# Use of his Deputy, such and the like Fees, Dues or Recompences

as are for the time paid by the Workers of Gold and Silver Plate in Edinburgh.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Company may lawful to and for the said Company, or the major Part of them, and

they are hereby authorised and empowered, from time to time, to make Bye Laws, Rules and Orders for the well Government and Management of their Offices, and for fixing the Salaries and Rewards of the respective Officers, and for fixing die time and manner for receiving in and delivering out Plate brought to be assayed, and for every other purpose relative to the Conduct or Management of such Office, and to enforce Observance thereof by the imposition and Exa&ion of Penalties not exceeding Five Pounds for each Offence, from any Person or Persons acting in oppolition to such Bye Laws,

Rules and Orders: Provided always, that such Bye Laws, Rules Proviso, and Orders do not in any respect contradict or be inconliftent with this Act, or the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, and afie6t only the Members, Officers, Servants, and others belonging to the said Company.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That each of the Wardens of the said Company shall, after his Election, and before he takes upon him the Execution of the said Office, take and subscribe the following Oath:

T j4. B. do swear, That I will, so long as I continue a Warden, Orth of

well and faithfully behave myself in the said Office; and that Wardens.

I will not discover, by Description in Words or otherwise, to any

Person or Persons whatsoever, any Pattern, Design or Invention of any Piece of Gold or Silver Plate, brought or to be brought to the said Office to be assayed, or wittingly or willingly permit the same so be viewed or seen by any Person whomsoever, but the Per-

Sons neceflarfly employed or to be employed in the Assay Office;

and that I will in all things conform to the Rules laid down in an Act of Parliament passed in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [here insert the Title of this Act.]

' So help me GOD/

Which Oath die Lord Provost of the City of Glasgow, or in his Absence, the Senior Magistrate for the time, is hereby required and empowered to administer to such Wardens.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Per- Master of the fons shall at any time hereafter recover Judgment in any Court Mint in Scot-

3B4 against Undmayiwrign

74*

C. xxviii.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. 18 19.

over Assayer'a Bond to Persons recovering Judgment against Assayer.

Assignee may proceed thereon.

Costs of Suit in such Action.

Recovery and Application of Penalties not exceeding lol.

App^.

against any Assay Master of the Company aforesaid, for any Penalty imposed on him by this Act for Neglect or Fraud in the Execution of his Office, and such Penalty, together with the Cods adjudged, shall not be paid within the time prescribed by that Court wherein such Judgment shall be obtained, that then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Master of His Majesty's Mint in Scotland for the time being, and he is hereby authorised and directed to assign over to such Person or Persons so recovering such Judgment the said Bond or Obligation so directed to be entered into by the said Aflaver and his Sureties to the Master of His Majesty's Mint as aforesaid, in order to enable such Person or Persons to bring one or more Action or Actions thereon against such Assayer and his Sureties or either of them, or the Heirs, Executors or Administrators of them or either of them, for the Recovery of such Penalty so recovered against the A flayer, together with the Costs adjudged; and the Assignee to the said Bond as aforesaid shall be entitled to proceed thereon, and on the Assignation thereof, by summary Diligence against the said Assayer and other Obligants therein.

XXIX. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That if in any Action to be brought on the said Bond as Last aforesaid the Plaintiff be nonsuited, that then the Costs of Nonsuit shall be paid by the Plaintiff or Assignee of said Bond, and that the Master of His Majesty's Mint be wholly exonerated from all Expences to be incurred in any Diligence raised upon the said Bond to be assigned by him as aforesaid, any Law, Usage or Statute to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Fines or Penalties not exceeding Ten Pounds are imposed by this Act, the Prosecution for the Offence for the Commission whereof such Fines or Penalties are fought to be recovered shall be by summary Complaint before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County in which such Offence shall occur; and such Justice or Justices shall and may grant summary Warrant for summoning Evidence, and thereupon proceed against the Party or Parties in a summary Way; and upon Conviction by the Confeffibn of the Offender, or on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or other Evidence competent by the Law of Scotland, if the Penalty be not inllantly paid, the Goods and Effects of the Offender or Offenders may be distrained and sold by the Warrant of such Justice or Justices; and in case there shall not be found sufficient Effects, the Offender or Offenders may be committed to any Gaol within the Jurisdiction of such Justice or Justices until the Expiration of Two Calendar Months from the Period of Commitment: Provided always, that in case of distraining as aforesaid, the Overplus, after Payment of the Penalty, and all Charges and Expences, shall be returned to the Owner; and the Penalties to be so recovered shall be applied in the same Way as Plate forfeited for not being properly marked is by this Act directed to be applied; and if any Person or Persons shall think himself or themselves aggrieved by the Judgment of any such Justice or Justices, or they shall or may, upon giving Security to make good such Sentence and to pay such Costs as may be ordered in case such Judgment shall be affirmed, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Semons for the County in which such Judgment shall be

2 given;

59° GEO. III.

C. xxviii — xxxiii.

745

given; and in case the Judgment shall be affirmed it shall be lawful for such Justices to order the Appellant to pay the Coils of such Appeal, and the Determination or such Justices shall be final, and not liable to Suspension, Advocation or Reduction.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That every Action or Suit Actions (Ex-to be brought or prosecuted under this Act, other than Actions for

or on account of Penalties not exceeding Ten Pounds, shall be ExcheqUerin brought in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland. Scotland

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be public Act. deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken

Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

Cap xxix.

An Act for altering and amending an Act for making and maintaining 57 G«3* a Navigable Canal from the* Lothian Road near the City of Edinburgh, to Join the Forth and Clyde Navigation near Falkirk, in the County of Stirling.

[19th May 1819.]

Cap. xxx.

An Act for improving the Lighthouse on the Isle of Anglesea, belonging to the Trustees of the Liverpool Docks, and for further amending the Acts relating to the Docks and Harbour of Liverpool.

[19th May 1819.]

\Afts rented — 8 Anne, c. 12. 3 G. 1. (a) 11 G. 2. c. 32. 2 G. 3.

c. 86. 25 G. 3. c. 15. 39 G. 3. c. lix. 51 G. 3. c. cxlni. 53 G. 3. c. clvi.]

{a) [Thit Act does not appear amongst the Chapters in the common printed Editions, except that in Rahhbfs Edition of the Statutes it is the fourth of several Titles of Acts at the end of 3 G. 1. r. 21, and which are there dated to be taken from the Roll.']

Cap. xxxi.

An Act to enable the Commissioners for improving the Harbour of 56 O.3. c.lxxxi. New Sh or eh am, in the County of Sussex, to raise more Money for completing the said Harbour and the Works thereto belonging.

[19th May 1819.]

Cap. xxxii.

An Act for supplying with Water the Town of Burnley, and a certain Part of the Township of Habergham Eaves, both in the Parish of Whalley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster

[19th May 1819.]

1 Cap. xxxiii.

An Act to alter and amend an Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His 54 O. 3.«. c. present Majesty, for erecting and maintaining a New Court House and other Offices for the City and County ox Aberdeen, and for providing and maintaining an additional Gaol for the said City and County, and for other purposes relating thereto.

[19th May 1819.]

7*6

C.xxxiv — xliiu

59° GEO. III,

A.D. 1819.

50 0.3 c.xlE

45 G.3. c. xcix. repealed.

18 G.3.C.98. 40 G. 3. c.iniL continued.

30 G. 1. c. 69. 19 G. 3. c. 107. 40 G.3. c. mi. continued.

Cap. xxxiv.

An Act for paving, lighting, watching and improving the Town of Burnley, in the County Palatine of Lane after.

[19th May 1819.]

Cap. xxxv.

An Act for building a new Church in the Parish of Saint Luke, ChAfeay in the County of Middlesex, and for other purposes relating thereto.

[19th May 1819.]

Cap. xxxvi.

An Act for repairing and enlarging the Church of the Parish of Mitcham, in the County of Surrey, and providing an additional Burial Ground thereto.

[19th May 1819.]

Cap. xxx vii.

An Act for defraying the Expences incurred in taking down, rebuilding and enlarging the Chapel of Saint Hildt, in the Parish of Jarrow, in the County Palatine ot Durham.

[19th May 1819.]

Cap. xxxviii.

An Act for building a Chapel of Ease in the Parish of Boston, in the County of Lincoln.

[19th May 1819.]

Cap. xxxix.

An Act for establishing a Select Vestry in the Parish of Saint Panerasf in the County of Middlesex, and for other purposes relating thereto.

[19th May 1819.]

Cap. xl.

An Act for lighting the City of CarTtJle, and the Suburbs thereof, with Gas.

[19th May 1819.]

Cap. xli.

An Act for amending and keeping in repair the Road from Kettering to the Town of Northampton, in the County of Northampton. (a) [19th May 1819.]

[ One Half additional Toll on Sunday.]

Cap. xlii.

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Gloucester to the Town of Stroud, in the County of Gloucester.

[19th May 1819.]

Cap. xliii.

An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Three Acts of the Reign of His late and present Majesty, for amending several Roads therein mentioned, so far as nelate to the Road from Wrexham in the County of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge in the County

59° GEO. III.

C.xliii — idi*.

747

of Flint; and for making a new Branch of Road from the said Road at a Place near Abermorddn to Mold\ in the said County of Flint. (c) [19th May 18x9.]

[Former Tolls to eeafe. New Tolls granted. One Half additional Toll on Sunday.]

CapxUt.

An Act for repairing and improving the Trowbridge Roads in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset. (b) [19th May 1819.]

[Additional Trustees. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. xlv.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Brickers Bam, in the Parish of Cor/ham9 in the County of Wilts9 to the Road leading from

M (*)

Cap. xlvi.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Evesham Bridge, in the County of Worcester9 to Alcester, in the County of Warwick, (b)

[19th May 1819.]

[Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. xlviu

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Kilburn Brtdge9 in the County of Middlesex9 to Sparrow1 s Herne, in the County of Hertford, (a)

[19th May 1819.]

[Former Tolls to cease. New Tolls granted.]

Cap. xlviii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Top of Hamham Hill, near the City of New Sarum, through Blandford and Dorcbefer, to Afkerwell Hill; and from Hamham Hill aforesaid, to a House called Master Baker's Farmbouse, in the Counties of Wilts and Dorset (c) [19th May 1819.]

[AdAtumMTrustees. Former Tolls to cease. New Tolls granted. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. xlix.

An Act for repairing the Road from Bromsgrove in the County of Wortefer to Birmingham in the County of Warwick, (a)

[19th May 1819.]

[Additional Trustees. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Kingsdown to Bath Easton9 in the County of Somer-

[19th May 1819.I

[Additional Trustees.]

' 39 0.3 c lxiiL repealed.

30 Q.i. c. 46 19 6.3. c.i is. 41 O. 3. Vr K.

c. xvilL all repealed.

18 G. 3. c. 93. 39 G. 3. c. xi. both in part repealed, § a.

19 G .3 c. 1 so. 39 G 3 c. xiii. continued.

39 G. 1. c. 54. s G. 3. c. 6*.

17 G. 3. c. 8t. 38G. 3.C. xxvii* continued.

13 G.i.c. 15. si G.s C.33. 11 G.3. c.93. 30 G. 3. e.ioi« all in part

repealed.

C. 1 — Ivi.

59° GEO. III. A.D. 1819.

37 G. 3. c. 17*

16 G. 3. c.75. 36 G.3. c. 144-48 G.3.c.zzxi!u all repealed.

40 G. 3. c.lxf. continued/

SS G.3.C.I*.

3a G. a. c. 54* 19 G. 3. e. 83. 38 G. 3. c. zxziz. continued.

19 G. 3.C.91 continued.

38 G. 3. c. lzzi. repealed.

Cap. 1.

An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Atcham to Condover and Dorrington, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned, in the County of Salop. (4) [19th May 1819.]

[Additional Trustees.]

Cap li.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Clitheroe to IVbailey, and from thence to Blackburn and Mellor Brook9 in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for making a Branch of Road between Blackburn and Wballey. (a) [19th May 1819.]

[Additional Trustees. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. lii.

An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Somerset and Dorset, passing through or near the Town of Yeovil; and for repairing the Road from Mudford Bridge to Mar/lon Elm, in the said County of Somerset. (a) [19th May 1819.]

[Additional Tnfees. Former Tolls to cease. New Tolls granted. Royal Family exempt from Toll.']

Cap. Hii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts, for repairing the Road from Dew/bury to Ealand in the West Riding of the County of York. (c) [19th May 1819.]

[New Trustees. Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease. New Tolls granted. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. Hv.

An Act for reviving and continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Stratford upon Avon to Edgbill, in the County of Warwick, (b) [19th May 181&]

[Additional Trustees.]

Cap. It.

An Act for improving the Harbour of Bade, in the County of Cornwall; and for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the said Harbour of Bade to or near the village of Thombury, in the County of Devon, and divers Branches therefrom, all in the lakl Counties of Cornwall and Devon.

[14th June 1819.]

Cap. lvi.

An Act for more effeduafly maintaining and amending the Road from Crofsford Bridge to the Town of Manchester, in the County Pah-tine of Lancaster. (a) [14th 1819.]

[AdditionalTrufims. One Half additional Toll from Occupiers of Traford House.]

A.D. 181ft.

59' GEO. III.

C. lvii — lxiii.

749

Cap. Ini.

An Act for more effectually making and maintaining certain Turnpike Roads in the County of Elgin; and for more effectually converting into Money the Statute Labour in the said County, for repairing the Highways and Bridges therein. (£) [14th June 1819.]

[Half Toll only between Forres and Findbom. Royal Family exempt

Cap. lviii.

An Act for more effectually making, amending and maintaining certain Roads and Bridges in tho Counties of Durham and Berwick, and Liberties of Berwick upon Tweed; for repairing and maintaining certain other Roads therein mentioned; and for improving the Entrance to the Town of Berwick upon Tweed. (3)

[14th June 1819.]

[Additional Trustees.]

Cap. lix.

An Act for continuing, altering and enlarging the Terms and Powers of several Acts for making and maintaining certain Roads in the Counties of Lanark, Ayr, and Renfrew, and building a Bridge over the River Clyde at Dalmarnock, and for making and maintaining a Road from the Confines of the County of Ayr towards Sanquhar, in the County of Dumfries (h) [14th June 1819.]

Cap. lx.

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty for repairing the Roads leading into the City of Hereford, and

several Roads communicating the rewith; for transferring the Road from Wormelow Turnp to Harewood, from the Madley to the Hertford Diitrid, and for making a new Road from the Tuft Wood, in the Parish of Heptland, to the Confines of the Parish of Ganerew, in the County of Hereford, as a Third District. (c)

[14th June 1819.]

[Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. lxi.

An Act for raising further Sums of Money for building and supporting the Meath Hospital and County of Dublin Infirmary.

[14th June 1819.]

Cap. lxii.

An Act for amending several Acts of His present Majesty, relating to the Coventry Canal Navigation.

[ 14th June 1819.]

Cap. lxiii.

An Act for repairing and altering, ' and taking down and rebuilding, certain Parts of the Parish Church of Saint John the Baptist, Peter-borough, in the County of Northampton. \ [14th June 1819.]

4 5 G.3. 3. c xlvi. repealed without Prejudice to Creditors.

42 G.3. c.civil. 50 G. 3. c. lxi. both repealed.

29 G. 3. c. 79. 31 G.3. e. 95. 38 G. 3. c. xx.

50 G.t. c.lxxiii. revived and continued.

56 G. 3.(I.)

55 G. 3. c. Ixxxi. in part repealed.

8 G.3. e.36. in part repealed.

25 G. 3. c. 99.

26 G. 3. c. 30.

C. lxiv — lxxiii.

59° GEO. III. A.D. 1819.

3» 0.3. C.IOI. 33 G. 3. c. 107. 39 & 40 G. s* c. Wii. 4 7G.3. sms 8. c. cxiii. all in purl rt-pesled.

51 G.3.c.cict: 53 G.3«c.xzzil. j6 G.3. c.lxxn. ill in pvt repealed.

46 G. 3. e.cxu?i.

51 G.3.C. cxiH.

4G.3.C. 60. in pert repealed. % i G«3«c. /4*

7 G.3. r.u. (I.) in part repealed.

Cap. lxiv.

An Act to alter and amend the several Acts passed far making and maintaining the Lancaster Canal Navigation.

[14th June 1819.]

Cap. lxv.

An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Parish Church of Bloch* bum, in the County Palatine of Lomafhr; and far providing additional Burial Ground, and for equalising- the Church Rates in the said Parish, and other purposes.

[141k June 1819.]

Cap. lxvi.

An Act for altering and amending the several Acts passed for making a Canal from the Grand Jun&wn Canal, in the Panlh of Paddington. to the River Thames, in the Parish of Limehottfe, in the County of Middlesex.

[14th June 1819.]

Cap. lxvii.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for /applying tbs City and Suburbs of Glasgow with Water.

[14th June 1819.]

Cap. lxviii.

An Act for better supplying the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, with das.

[14th June 1819.]

Cap. lxix.

An Act for enabling the Governor and Guardians of the Poor of the City of Gloucester to light the said City with Gas, and to enter into the necessary Cotjtrads for that Purpose.

[14th June 1819.]

Cap. Ixx.

An Act to provide for the Election of Trustees of the Royal Exchange, Dublin.

[14th June 1819.]

Cap. lxxi.

An Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, regulating and improving the Borough of Newcastle under Lyme.

[14th June 1819.]

Cap. lxxii.

51G. j.c.ixxiv. An Act for altering and amending an Act of the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, for paving, lighting and cleansing the City of Pertht and for maintaining Police and good Order within the said City.

[14th June 1819.]

Cap. lxxiii.

G. 3. e.u. An Act for better paving, cleansing and lighting the Parishes of 3 G.3. «.S3* Saint Giles in the Fields and Saint George Mmmsbury, in the County

of

A.D. 181 g. 59° GEO. III. C. lxxiii — lxxx.

of Middlefe*, and for veiling the foie Management thereof in the Vestrymen of the said Parities, and a Committee of the Inhabitants thereof.

[14th June 1819.]

Cap. lxxiv.

An Act for pavings lighting, cleansing and otherwise improving the Town of Saint Neots, in the County of Huntingdon.

[14th June 1819.]

Cap. lxxv.

An Act for paving and otherwise improving the Town of Romford, in the Liberty of Havering atte Bower, in the County of Essex.

[14th June 1819.]

Cap. lxxvi.

An Act for draining, preserving from Water, and improving certain low Lands and Grounds, lying in the several Parishes of Congres bury, Puxton, Winfcomhe, Ban well, Churchill, Kewftohe, Week Saint Lawrence, and Yatton, in the County of Somerset.

[14th June 1819.]

Cap. lxxvii.

An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act of His present G. 3, 0. ezHIL Majesty for draining, enclosing and improving the Lands called Borough Fen Common, and the Four Hundred Here Common, in the County of Northampton, and for forming the same into a Parish, to be called Newborough, and for building and endowing a Church for such Pariflu [14th June 1819.]

[Separate Award of Allotment! to His Majesty, § 11.]

1

Cap. lxxvrii.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His 7 G. 3. c. 53. present Majesty, for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the South I*evel, Part of the Great Level of 7*^ the Fens called Bedford Level, and in the County of Cambridge, repealed, fa.44! between the River Cam otherwise Grant, West; and the Hardlands of Botti/bam, S waff ham Bulbeck, and Swaffham Prior, East; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

[14th June 1819.]

Cap. lxxix.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts of His 35 G. 3. c. 77. present Majesty, for improving the Drainage of the Middle and 36 G 3* c. 33. South Levelr, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford^c, lxx"* Level, and other Lands therein mentioned; and for improving c> XXxviii. the Navigation of the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, and 58 G.3. (LxlTiil, of the several Rivers communicating the rewith.

[14th June 1819.] continued, ( x.

but In pelt x<e* peelect, $»i.

Cap. lxxx.

An Act for more effectuas, repairing and improving the Road from t6G. % . e. 83.

Bradford 1; G. 3. c. J3*

C. lxxx — lxxxvi.

59° GEO. III,

A.D. 1819.

38 G. 3. 0. xli. all in put repealed, $ 1.

29 G. 2a c. 65.

13 G-3- c.95*

34 G.3. c. 119-all continued.

29 G.i. c. 81. 18 G. 3. c. 99. 38 G.3. c.lxv. all continued,

I«.

29 G.2. e.64*

continued by 12 G. 3« c. 77* 27 G.3. c. 85. 33 G. 3. all repealed as to Hoads herein mentioned.

Bradford to Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of York. (a) [14th June 1819.]

[Additional Trustees. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. lxxxi.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road to branch off from the Great North Road at the South End of Barnfdale through PontefraB, and from thence to a certain Place called Tbwaite Gate, all in the West Riding of the County of York. ( b)

[14th June 1819.]

[Additional Trustees. Lessees of His Majesty residing within the late Part of PontefraB in right of His Duchy of Lancaster exempt from

Cap. lxxxii.

An Act for continuing and amending Three Acts of His late and present Majesty for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Kington, in the County of Hereford, and for repairing several other Roads in the said County communicating with the Roads comprised in the said Acts. (a) [14th June 1819.]

{Former Tolls to cede. New Tolls granted. Royal Family exempt from Toll. Additional Toll on Sunday.']

Cap. lxxxiii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Marlborough, to the present Turnpike Road at or near Coate, in the Parish of Liddingtou, in the Cjunty of Wilts. (b) [14th June 1819.]

[Additional Trustees.]

Cap. lxxxiv.

An Act to continue and amend Three Acts for repairing the Roads from Fryer Bacon*s Study to Chilton Pond9 and from the Top of Hinkfey Hill to Foxcombe Hill Gate, in the Road leading to Farringdon, in the County of Berks, so far as relates to the Oxford District of the said Roads, (r) [14th June 1819.]

[New Trustees. Additional Trustees. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. lxxxv.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Runcorn to Northwich, in the County Palatine of Chester. (b)

[14th June 1819.]

[Additional Trustees. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. lxxxvi.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving th: Road from Shrewsbury to Prefion Brockkurfi, to Shawbury and to Shrtyhill\ and other Roads in the County of Salop, (b) [14th June 1819.]

[Additional Trustees. Additional Toll on Sunday.]

5!)° GEO. III.

C. lxxxvii — xciii. 753

Cap. lxxxvii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Tun/lall and Bojley Turnpike Road at Gillow Hollow, in the Parish of Biddulph, in the County of Stafford, to Park Lane, communicating with the Congleton and Leek Turnpike Road, near Dane-infbaw Bridge in the County of Chester, with a Branch to the said Tvnjlall and Bojley Turnpike Road at Lieb Lane, in the said Parish of Biddulph, (a) [14th June 1819.]

[Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. lxxxviii.

An Act for repairing, widening, improving and maintaining in Repair the several Roads leading to and from the Town of Bridport, and for making a new Line of Road to communicate with the same, (b) [14th June 1819.]

[Additional Trustees. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

27 G. a, c. 32. 5 G. 3. c. 73. 39 G. 3. c xxxiii. repealed as to Roads within the First and Second Dis-

Cap. lxxxix. tricts, $ 1.

An Act for repairing and improving several Roads leading to and 38 G. 3. c. xiiL from the Town of Bradford, in the County of Wilts; and for repealed, § 1. maintaining a Bii lge over the River Avon, at Stokeford, in the said County, (b) [14th Jttne 1819.]

[Additional Trustees. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. xc.

An Act for altering and amending Two Acts passed in the Fifty 56 G. 3. sixth and Fifty eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, lxxxiii. for improving the Road from the City of Glasgow to the City of G* 3*44* Carljte* [14th June 1819.]

Cap. xci.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His 17 G.3. c.105. present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Huddersfield to Pens- in part repealed, ffone, in the County of York, (c) [14th June 1819.] $4^©- ^ixili

[New Trustees. Former Tolls to cease* New Tolls granted* Royal both continued.

Family exempt from Toll*]

Cap. xcii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts relating to the Road from the Town of Leeds, through Harewood, to the South West Comer of the Inclosures of Harrogate, in the West Riding of the County of York* [i^th June 1819.]

[ Additional Trustees* Former Tolls to cease* New Tolls granted* Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. xciii.

25 G. 3. c.58. In part repealed, $11. 35-29 G. 2. e. 71. 17 G.3. c.79. 34 G. 3. c. 138. all continued, but in part repealed aa to Exemptions, Ji8.

An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of Two 29 G. 3. e.no. Acts of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from 38 G. 3. e. xlii. 59 Geo. III. SC Rochdale both continued.

754

C.xciii — xcix.

59° GEO. III. A.D. 1819.

but 38 O. 3. c. xiii. in part repealed, § 8.

24 G. 2. c. 22. 16 G.3. c. 82. 38 G.3. c.ii. all in part repealed, $ 1.

19 G.3. e. 117. 37 G.3.C.178. both repealed,

11.

2 G.3. c. 78.. 22 G.3. c. 95 38 G. 3. c. xliv. all continued, but 38 G. 3. c. xliv. in part repealed, § 12.

7 G. 3. c. 103. in part repealed, $«7-

26 G.3. c. 145' 49 G.3. c.liv. all continued for 21 Yean, he. § 1.25.

Rochdale Lane End, in the Village of Heywood, to a Place called the Land9! End in Prestwich, in the County Palatine of Lan-cafer. (e) [14th June 1819.]

Cap. xciv.

An Act for amending the Road from Tadcaster to Holton Dyal, in the West Riding of the County of York. (b) [14th June 1819.]

[Additional Trustees. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. xcv.

An Act for repairing, widening and improving the several Roads round the City of Bristol, and for making certain new Lines of Hoad to communicate with the same, (b) [14th June 1819.]

[Additional Trustees. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. xevi.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Act# of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford and Salop, so far as relate to the Road leading from Pedmore to Holly Hall, and other Roads therein mentioned; and for repairing another Road in the said Counties of Stafford and Salop, or one of them, (c) [14th June 1819.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease. New Tolls granted. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. xcvii.

An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Three Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Tenterden to the Town of Ashford, in the County of Kent; and for making a new Branch of Road therefrom, to communicate with the Town of Biddenden, in the said County. (£)

[14th June 1819.]

[Additional Trustees.]

Cap. xcviii.

*7 G.3. c. 100. An Act for further continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers* " of Two Acts, passed in the Seventeenth Year and Thirty sixth

Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to, through and from the Towns of Bale and Dolgelly, in the County of Merioneth, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Montgomery, Denbighf and Salop; and for repairing several other Roads in the Counties of Merioneth and Denbigh. ( c) [14th June 1819.]

[Additional Trustees. New Tolls instead of former Tolls.]

Cap. xcix.

a8 G.a. c.33. An Act for continuing and amending Three Acts of His late and In part repealed, present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Brown9s Lam in

1 7Q c 118 Great Stoughton, in the County of Huntingdon, to the Way Post

Inpartiep^ed! near Wtllingborough Bridge, in the County of Northampton, and from SiT the

3*c. both continued for 2\ Yean, See. § 1.37. but in part repealed, § 4-

A.D. 1810.

59° GEO. III.

C. Kcix-^€V^

755

the Pound in the Ktmbolton, to the Way Poll near Brington Bridge 39 <3* 3. «.xn. in the said County of Northampton, (e) [14th June 1819.]

[Former Tolls to cease. New Tolls granted. Royal Family exempt Term men-

from Toll.'] tioned.

Cap c.

An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge die Powers of several5 G. a. e. 11. Acts of His late and present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the 5 c'-55*

Road from the North East Corner of Nuffield Common, by the Parish Church of Nuffield, in the County o\ Oxford, through Wal-n continued. ting ford to Wantage, and from thence to Fartngdon, in the County of Berks, (r) [14th Aw 1819.]

[Additional Trustees.]

Cap. ci.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in «' <* 3- «-94-the Seventeenth and Thirty sixth Years of His present Majesty, »P«rt repesJed, for repairing the Road from Bedford to Woburn, and also the Road |^G c f branching out of the same in Kempfton Field, in the County of continued. Bedford, (c) [14th June 1819.]

Cap. cii.

An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty's Reign, for amending the Road leading from Paddington to Harrow on the Hill, in the County of Middlesex. (r)9[14th Jtute819.]

[Additional Triplets. Former Teds to cease. New Tolls granted. Royal*Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. ciii.

41 G. 3. U. K.

c. cxxix. continued,

1. »J-but in part repealed, $18.

G.3. e dr. 44 G.j.c.lxxx. continued, (a.

An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of 55 His present Majesty, for improving the Harbour of Dundee, in the Coiirty of Forfar, (c) [14th June 1819.]

[King's Ships exempt from Duties.]

Cap. civ.

An Act for giving further Powers to the Company of Proprietors 57 G

of the Portsmouth and Arundel Navigation, and to the Company of 1PertrePwlede Proprietors of the Wey and Arun Junction Canal, and to confirm^<5... an Agreement entered into between the said Companies*

[21st June 1819.]

[Goods the Property of the Craym exempt from Tplls of Portjbr'ufge Creek.]

Cap. cv.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool, to make a Navigable C#t» and also a Collateral Branch or Railway, from their said Canal at3*0.3. c. 47. Hennis Bridge near Wigan, to join the Duke A Brtage water9s in part repealed. Canal at Leighf all in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and to $31.

SC 2 amend 3©G.3. c.6j.

Ccv — cxiL

59° GEO. III. A.D. 1819,

34 G. 3. c. 94. in part repealed,

v 42.

34G.3.C.78.

49 G- 3* c xU. in'part repealed, Si. '

51 G. 3-c. cxlri. in port repealed.

36 G.3. c.59. (I, } repealed. Si-

4* G. 3. c. it 49 G. 3. cclx. repealed, S 1.

33 G. 3. c. 80.

34 G.3. c. 24.

35 G.3. c 8.

35G. 3- P* 43*

36 G. 3. c. 2^.

38G.3.C.XXXIII.

41 G. 3. c. Ixxi. in part repealed.

5 G.3. c.51. 6.G 3. 0.23.,

4$ G. 3. c. hi*. JX G.2. C.28,

amend the several Acts relating to the said Leeds and Liverpool Canal, and an Act for making the Rochdale Canal, so far as relates to certain Powers therein given to the late Duke of Bridge-evoter.

[21st June 1819.]

Cap. cvi.

An Act to explain and.amend an Act of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing an Act of the Twenty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for the Improvement of the River W'ear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County Palatine of Durham; and for the more effectual Preservation and further Improvement of the same River, Port and Haven.

[21st June 1819.]

Cap. evil.

An Act to establish a Company for lighting the Borough of New-eastle under Lyme with Gas.

[21st June 1819.]

Cap. cviii.

An Act to repeal Part of an Act made in the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the Streets, and otherwise regulating the Police of the Town of Dumfries.

[21st June 1819.]

Cap. cix.

An Act for more effectually improving and repairing the Road leading from the City of Dublin to Navan, in the County of Meath. {a)

[21st June 1819.]

Cap. cx.

An Act for making and maintaining certain Turnpike Roads within the County of Dumfries, and the other Highways, Bridges and Ferries therein; and for more effectually converting into. Money the Statute Labour in the said County, (a) [21st June 1819.]

Cap. cxi.

An Act to vary and alter certain Acts of Hia-present Majesty, ' relating to the Grand JunSion Canal, the Grand JunBion Water Works* and the Regent*s Canal, in order to effect an Exchange of Water, for the better Supply of the Regent*s Canal Navigation and Grand JunBion Water Works.

[22d June 1819.]

43 G.3. c.viii. 45 G. j. c*lxvui. ci G.3. c.clxix. 52 G. 3. c.cxj. 52 G.3. acxcv.

§ 14. 15*. 2i. 53 G.3. c.xxxii. 56 G. 3. c.lxxxr.

Cap. cxii.

An Act for amending an Act of His present Majesty, respecting the Application of certain Surplus Monies paid for measuring, Searching and finding Woollen Cloth, in the West Riding of the County of Torh [2d 7#$ 1819.]

A.D. 181.9V W5 GEO. IIC Ccxiii-cxx./ 7of-

Cap. cxiii.

An Act for ere A ing, improving, regulating and maintaining Ferries and Passages across the River Tay, in the Counties of Fife and Forfar. (2)

[2d July 1819.]

Cap. cxiv.

An Act for repairing and improving, or rebuilding the Church at Barnsley, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for improving and enlarging the Church Yard and' Burial Grounds thereof.

[2d July 1819.]

Cap. cxv.

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tramroad from Crabtree, in the Parish of Egg Buck land, in the County of Devon, to communicate with the Pnlon of War on the Forest of Dartmoor, in the Parish of Lydford, in the said County.

[2d July 1819.]

Cap. cxvi.

An Act for more effectually supplying the City of Edinburgh and 29 6.2.0.74* Places adjacent with Water.

[2d July 1819.] 25 3*

Cap. cxvii.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Cranflonhill 48 6.3.C. iliv.

Water Works to improve their Works.

[2d July 1819.]

Cap. cxviii.

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the Town of Harwich, in the County of Essex, and supplying the same with Water.

[2d July 1819.]

[Lands belonging to His Majesty exempt.]

Cap. cxix.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts of 1 G.3. e u< His present Majesty, for amending and rendering more effectual 3 0-3* c-a3* several Acts for paving, cleansing and lighting the Squares, Streets, 0-3* c.39. Lanes and other Places in the City and Liberties, of Westminster, and Parts adjacent; and for putting certain Streets therein men- 30 G^. e. 53. tioried, commonly called Optional Streets, under the Management 47 G. 3. seas. 1. of Parochial Committees, subject to the Controul of Commission- c. xzxviii. era; and for other purposes, as far as the same relate to a Street 59 G. 3. c.lxxiii. and Passage, called Holborn and Middle Row, in the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn above the Bars, in the County of Mlddleftx.

[2d July 1819.]

Cap. cxx.

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, planting, and otherwise improving Edwardes Square, EarPs Terrace,

Leonard Place, Edwardes Place, Kensington Place East, and Ken-sington Place West, in the Parish of Saint Mary Abbott's, 'Kensington, in the County of Middlesex.

[2d July 1819.]

3 C 3

768

C» cxxi — cxxtii.

5fi GEO. ill.

A.D. 1819.

40 O. 3. CT. repealed as to Districts of Pont Pool and Usk.*n

37 G*j. e. da*, continued.

34 £.3. «.* 35-continued, and in part repealed,

f*»3.

9 G.i. £.15.

5J G.3. c.»ci*. in part repealed,

I*.

Cap. cxxi.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads in the County of Monmouth, as relates to the Pont Pool and UJk Districts of Road, and for granting other Powers in lieu thereof, and for making a new Branch 01 Road from the said UJk District. (a)

[3d July 1819.]

[Additional Trustees. One Half Additional Toll on Sunday.]

Cap. cxxii.

An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the' Powers of an Act of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from the Guide Post in the Village of Adderkury, in the County of Oxford, through Kidttngton % to the End of the Mileway in the City of Oxford, (b) [2d July 1819.]

[Additional Trustees.]

Cap. cxxiii.

La Act for making and maintaining federal Roads in the Counties of Rakktrgb and Selkirk. (I) [ad July 1819.]

Cap. cxxiv.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Tewkesbury in the County of Gloucester> and other Roads therein mentioned, so for as such Act relates to the Road from Stump Croft in the Parish of Didbrook, to Stow on the Wold in the County of Gloucester. (4)

[ad July 1819.]

[Additional Trustees.]

Cap. extr.

An Act for authoring the Commissionera of His Majesty* Navy to establish a Market at the Town of Pembroke Dock, in the County of Pembroke, and to make Regulations for the paring, lighting, deanfing and good Order of the Said Town.

[2d July 1819.]

Cap. cxxvj.

An Act to rebuild Wmdfor Bridge^ in the Borough of Hew Wmdfbr9 in the County of Berks; and to improve the Avenues thereto. (0)

[6th July 1819.]

Cap. cxxriL

An Act to alter and amend an Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal the A Be now in force relating to Bread to be sold in the City of London and the Libertine thereat, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality t and Ton Mites of the Royal Exchange*and to^prevent tie Adel*

A.D. 1819. 59° GEO. III. C. cxxrii* cxxviii.

teration of Mealy Flour and Bready and to regulate the Weights of Bread within the same Limits, (h) [13th July 1819.]

Cap. cxxviii.

An Act for amending and keeping in repair the Mail Coach Road leading from Banbridge in the County of Downy to Belfast in the County of Antrim, (h) [13th July 1819.]

[Additional TruJUes. Royal Family exempt from TollL]

SC 4

PRIVATE

7 «0

iV. C. 1 — 4.

59° GEO. III.

A.D. ISIS*

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE KING'S PRINTERS,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

[ N. B. To each of these AfU is annexed a Clause in the Form following

M And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by " the several Printers to The King's Most Excellent Majesty, duly " authorised to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom, and that " a Copy thereof, so printed by any of them, shall be admitted as* Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices and others.'*

Cap. i.

AN Act for inclosing certain Lands in the Parish of Bittom, in the County of Gloucester % [23d March 1819.]

Cap 2.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Kelton and Arlecdon, in the Parishes 0? Lamplugh and Arlecdon^ in the County of Cumberland.

[23d March 1819.]

" Proviso for Rector of Lamplugh suing in respefk of Tithes, § 13. u Allotment to Rector of Arlecdon to be feneed, § 28. Com* M missioners to value Tithes in Lamplugh, § 29.; and may pur-11 chafe Lands to compensate Rector of Lamplugh for Tithes,* § 30, 31. If Rector evicted, Tithes again payable, § 34. Until " Purchase made, ancient Inclosures and Commons to remain liable 11 to Tithes, § 35. When Tithes to Rector of Arlecdon to cease, " $44-

Cap. 3.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Qlane and Manhetm, in the County of Kudare.

[6th April 1819.]

Cap 4.

An Act for facilitating Partition of the Estates of Charlotte Myddebom Biddulph Widow, the Honourable Frederick West and Maria his Wife, and Harriet Myddehon Spinster, whereof Partition has been decreed to be made by His Majesty's High Court of Chancery.

[6th April 1819.]

59° GEO. III.

Pr. C. 5 — 12.

761

Cap. 5.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Tithing of Rodborne, in the Parish of Saint Pauly Malmsbury, in the County of Wilts.

[7th April 1819.]

Cap. 6.

An Act to enable the Curate and Patron of the Curacy of the Parochial Chapel of the Chapelry of Burnley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, for the time being, to grant Leases of the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Curacy.

[8th April 1819.]

Certain Parts of the Glebe Lands not to be let, § 4.

Cap. 7.

An Act for vesting a Moiety of a yearly Rent of Four hundred Pounds, discharged from certain Entails created therein, in Trullee8, for Georgiana Amelia Countess de Durforty in trull for Sale.

[19th May 1819.]

Cap. 8.

An Act for vesting certain Estates devised by the Will and Codicil of Mary Spencer Widow, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for the purposes therein mentioned.

[19th May 1819.]

Cap. 9.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bambrougby in the West Riding of the County of York.

[19th May 1819.]

Rector with Consent of Bishop and Patron may lease Wotments for a 1 Years, § 30.

Cap. 10.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Eqfl Drayton, in the County of Nottingham.

[19th May 1819.]

Proviso for Right to Tithes, and manner of Payment, § 35.

Cap. ii.

An Act to amend an Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Beddington, in the Manor of Bandony in the County of Surrey; and to determine the Boundary of the Parish of Beddingtony and the adjoining Parish, upon a certain Common called Mitcham Comman, Part whereof is intended to be inclosed under the said Act.

[19th May 1819.]

Cap. 12.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parishes of Martock and Mucbelney, in the County of Somerset.

[19th May 1819.]

Vicar's Allotment to be feneed, § 29. Present Vicar to grant " Leases, § 33.

762

Pr. C. 13 — 18.

59° GEO. III. A.D. 1819.

Cap. 13.

An Act for allotting Lands in the Parish of Durrington* and in the Tithing of Knighton* in the Parish of Figbeldean* in the County of Wilts.

[19th May 1819.]

Cap. 14.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of East Rodham, WtJL Rmnham, and Hethoughton* in the County of Norfolk.

[19th May 1819.]

[Vicars, with Consent of Bishop and Patron, may lease their Allotments, § 38.]

Cap. 15.

An Act for inclosing Farington Moss, and other Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Township of Faringtorn, in the Parish of Pemuortbam, in the County Palatine of LancajUr.

[19th May 1819.]

Allotment to Owners of Tithes, § 30. Compensation for Tithes by Landholders not entitled to Common Right, § 32. Tithes to be taken till Allotments made m lieu thereof, § 33. Power to4 Husbands, See. too purchase Tithes, § 34.

Cap. 16.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Penifton, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for the Commutation of Tithes within the same Township.

[19th May 1819.]

Allotments for Tithes of Common and of ancient Inclosures to open Fields, § 17, 18. Vicar's Allotments to be feneed, $ 26 — 28. Allotments to Hospital in lieu of Tithes, $31. Power to Vicar to lease his Allotment, § 44.

Cap. 17.

An Act for inclosing and leafing or letting certain Commons or Parcels of Waste Ground, called Oker Hill and Gross Green* within the Township of Wenjley and Snitterton, in the Parish of Darley* in the County of Derby; and for applying the Rents and Profits thereof in aid of the Poors Rate of the said Township.

[19th May 1819.]

Cap. 18.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Telling* in the County of Huntingdon* and for making a Compensation for the Tithes.

[19th May 1819.]

[Allotment for Glebe Lands, § 21. Agreement for Tithes, $ 24. 44 Compensation to Rector of Telling for Tithes, § 25. Tithes extinguished, § 29. Fencing Rector's Allotment, § 30* Power for Rector to lease, § 36. Lease not valid without the King's u Consent, $ 37.]

A.D. 1819. 59° GEO. III.

Prt. C. 19 — 28.

Cap. 19.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Stanton Lacy. and Bromfield, in the County of Salop.

[19th May 1819.]

rt Rest or*9and Vicar's Allotments feneed, § 36.; and may be leased,

" $ 37*

Cap. 20.

An Act to authorise the Sale of Lands settled for the perpetual Augmentation of the Curacy of Morton, in the County of Salop.

[14th June 1819.]

Purchase Money to be paid to Queen Anne's Bounty, § 2.

Cap. 21.

An Act for enabling the Keepers and Governors of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods of the Free Grammar School of John Lyon, within the Town of Harrow on the Hill, in the County of Middle-/ex, to grant Building Leases of certain of the Grounds and EHates heretofore of the said John Lyon.

[14th June 1819.]

Cap. 22.

An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of Hereford to rebuild the Almflioufes of Saint Catherine* % Hospital, in the Borough of Ledbury, in the County of Hereford; and for the better Regulation of the Affairs of that Charity.

[14th June 1819.]

Cap. 23.

An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of Hereford to discharge certain Debts incurred in repairing the Cathedral Church of Hereford.

[14th June 1819.]

Cap. 24.

An Act for empowering Trustees to sell certain Freehold and Copy-hold Estates, devised oy the Will of John Broadhurst Esquire, and to lay out the Purchase Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other E Hates to be fetued in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses.

[14th June 1819.]

Cap. 25.

An Act for effecting an Exchange of certain Estates in the County of Worcester, in part devised by the Will of Arthur Charlett Esquire, and in part purchased under the Directions thereof, for certain other Estates in the Counties of Worcester and Hereford, belonging to James Wakeman Newport Esquire.

[14th June 1819.]

Cap. 26.

An Act for enabling William Archer Dixon, and other the Guardian or Guardians for the time being of Thomas Fenton, an Infant, to grant Building Leases of One Moiety of certain Freehold Lands called Spice JjLand, in the Parish of Saint George, in the County of Middlesex.

[14th Jam 1819.]

764" Pr> C. 27 — 33. 59° GEO. III. A.D. 1819.

Cap. 27.

An Act for vesting certain Parts of the Lands and Barony of Gortby, comprised in a Deed of Entail made by the Trustees of David Stewart Moncreiffe Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to sell the same, and apply the Purchase Money arising by such Sale in the Payment of the Land Tax due out of the said Estate, and certain other Entailed Estates descendible to the Heirs taking under the said Deed; for purchasing and entailing other Lands more conveniently situated; and for granting Power to feu certain Parts of the said Entailed Estates.

[14th dune 1819.]

Cap. 28.

An Act to confirm the Title of the Most Noble William Spencer Duke of Devonshire, to the Manors of Brindle aijd Injkip, and Estates in Brindle, Injkip and Eccleston, in the County of Lan- caster.

[14th June 1819.]

Cap. 29.

An Act for inclosing Lands in Winton cum Barmston and Barmfion, in the Parish of Barmstony in the East Riding of the County of York.

[14th June 1819.]

u Allotment for Glebe, § 11. Compensation for Tithes, § 12. u Apportionment of Corn Rents in case of Death, &c. of Rector, f 13- When Tithes to cease, § 17. Glebe Allotments to be " feneed, § 19.

Cap. 30.

An Act for inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Manor and Parish of Thornton in Craven, in the County of York.

[14th June 1819.]

" Allotment to Rector for Glebe and Common Right, § 23, 24. " Tithes to be valued by Commissioner, f 25. Compensation for M Tithes, §26. 31. 34, Residue of Commons to be sold for Ex-" pences and Purchase of Land for Compensation for Tithes, § 28. " Commutation for Tithes, § 29. Tithes payable till Allotments " made, &c. § 32. Rector, s Allotment to be ring-feneed, § 33. M Rector empowered to lease Allotment, § 38.

Cap. 31.

An Act for 'iTido&ngAldington Freight, otherwise Aldington Frith, in the Parish of Aldington, in the County of Kent.

[14th June 1819.]

Cap. 32.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ingham, in the County of Norfolk.

[ 14th June 1819.]

Cap. 33.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of HarUngton, in the County of Middlesex.

[14th June 1819.]

" Redoes Allotment feneed, {, 25. Power to Rector to lease his u Allotment, ' '$31.

A.D. 18.15).

59° GEO. III.

Pr. C S4 — 40.

765

Cap. 34.

An Act for vesting certain Estates in the Counties of Wilts, Warwick, Gloucester, Worcester and Durham, devised by the Will of Thomas Edwards Freeman Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Money arising from such Sale, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

[lift. June 1819.]

Cap. 35.

An Act for confirming and ellabliihing' Leases and Contracts for Leases made by the Trustees and Executors of the Will of Thomas Holloway Esquire, deceased, of certain Parts of his Freehold, Copyhold and Leasehold Estates and Property5 and for enabling them to make Leases and Contracts for Leases of other Parts of the same Estates and Property, in manner therein mentioned.

[21st June 1819.]

Cap. 36.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of West Walton, in the County of Norfolk.

[21st June 1819.]

M The King's Allotment may be sold before Execution of Award, M § 31. Commissioner to make Extract of so much of Award as u relates to the King's Allotment, and transmit the same to the Commissioners of the Woods and Forests, § 32.

Cap. 37.

An Act for incorporating the Trustees of the Charities of Joseph Evans, late of Belevan, in the County of Kilkenny, Esquire, deceased, and for vesting in the said Trustees so incorporated. Real and Personal Estates of the said Joseph Evans, for the Support of the said Charities.

[2d July 1819.]

Cap. 38.

An Act for veftingwthe Settled Estates of J^ancelot Rolltston Esquire, in Hucknall Tor hard, in the County of Nottingham, in Trustees, to be sold, for paying off Incumbrances, and for purchasing other Estates with the Residue of the Purchase Monies, to be settled to

the same Uses.

[2d July 1819.]

Cap. 39.

An Act to empower the Committees of Thomas Smyth Esquire, a Lunatic, to grant Leases of Estates veiled in him as Tenant in Tail Male; and for confirming certain Leases already granted by them.

[2d July 1819.]

Cap. 40.

An Act to enable the Committees of the Estate of Thomas Smyth Esquire, tp sign Consents to Leases of Parts of the Glebe belonging to the Vicarage of the Church of Camberwell, and for veiling Part of the Glebe in Trustees for Sale, for the purposes therein, mentioned.

[2d July 1819.]

M The Vicar, with Consent of the Bishop of Winchester* to lay out €' Land for Roads. $ 3.

766

Pr.C. 41 — 45.

£9° GEO. III.

A.D. 1819.

Cap. 41.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Norton m Hales, in the County of Salop* [ad July 1B19.]

Compensation for Tithes, § 19. When Tithes are to cease, § 23.

Cap. 42.

An Act for vetting the Estates devised by the Will of Hannah Ponvnall Widow, deceased, situate in the County of York, in Trustees, for Sale 5 and for inverting the Purchase Money in the Purchase of other Estates, to be fetded to the former Uses.

[6th July 1819.]

Cap. 43.

An Act for vesting in Fee-simple in the Right Honourable George Earl of Aberdeen, or the Heir of Entail in Possession, certain Parts of the entailed Lands and Barony of Fedderat, in the County of Aberdeen, upon entailing certain ouier Lands in the County of Aberdeen, equivalent in Value thereto.

[6U1 July 1819.]

Cap. 44.

An Act for vesting the Manor of Oram, and certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in the County of Sussex, Part of the Setded Estates by the Will of Samuel Bunt Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for veiling the Money arising from such Sale in the Purchase of odier Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

[6th July 1819.]

Cap. 45.

An Act for assisting the rebuilding of London House, belonging to the See of London.

[6th July 1819.]

WHEREAS the Right Honourable and Right Reverend William Lord Bishop of London is, in right of his See, seised in Fee Simple of a Capital Messuage dr Mansion House called London House, situate on the East Side of Saint James's 4 Square in the Parish of Saint James Weffmhdler, in the County of Middlesex, which, ever iince it became veiled in the said See, has been used as the Town Residence of the Bishop of London for the time being: And Whereas the said Messuage or Manfton House was purcnafed for the Use of the said See in the Year Oae thousand seven hundred and seventy one, when it was so old that it was not expected to (land above Fifty Years from that time; 4 and when the said William Lord Bishop of London was promoted to the said See, which was in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, it was in so dilapidated a State as to make it necessary that the whole or the greater Part thereof should be taken down and rebuilt, the Expence of which having been efthnated at the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, it ^gould not be just, under the peculiar Circuznstances of the Case, that the same Should be wholly borne and defrayed by the present Bishop: May it therefore please Your Most Excellent Majesty (at the Petiboa of the said Wilftam Lord Bishop of London) that it may be roa&rd; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and

A.D. 1810. 59° GEO. III. Pr. c. 45. 767

with the Advice and Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the said William Lord Bishop of London, or the Bishop of London for the time being, to borrow and take up at interect, in the manner hereinafter mentioned, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole Ten thousand Pounds, and as a Security for the Money so to, be borrowed, by Indenture or Indentures to be duly sealed and delivered, to demise all or any of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents or Hereditaments of or belonging to the said See, to any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, who shall be willing to lend or advance the same, or to such Person or Persons as such Lender or Lenders may nominate or appoint, for any Term or Terms of Years, but to be subject to a Proviso or Provisoes in such Mortgage or Mortgages to be contained, for the Lessor of every such Term or Terms of Years, on Payment to the Party or Parties, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, who shall advance the same, or any Part or Parts thereof, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, the principal Sum or Sums so to be borrowed, and such interest as shall become due for the same, at the times and in manner hereinafter mentioned; that is to say, the interest thereof, at such Rate as shall be agreed upon, to be paid by equal Half Yearly Payments on the Days to be therein appointed, and One Twentieth Part of the Principal Money at the End of each Year; which Mortgage or Mortgages when so made, after the same shall have been registered in the Office of the Registrar of the Diocese of London, shall bind every succeeding Bishop in the said See, until the Principal Money, interest and Costs shall be paid off and discharged, as fully and efte&ually as if such Successor had made or executed the same.

II. And be it further enacted, That every such Mortgage shall contain a Covenant from the Lord Bishop making the same, for himself, his Heirs, Executors and Administrators, to pay and keep down so much of the said Principal Money and interest as shall become payable upon such Mortgage or Mortgages during the Period of his continuing to hold the said See.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever the Principal Money and interest to be secured by any such Mortgage or Mortgages shall be in arrear and unpaid for more than Forty Days after the same shall become due, it shall be lawful for such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his of their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, to recover the same or so much thereof as shall be then due, and the Costs and Charges attending the Recovery thereof, by Distress and Sale, in such manner as Rents may by JLaw be recovered by Landlords from their Tenants.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Money so to be-.borrowed shall be paid into the Hands of such Person or Persons as shall be nominated or appointed to receive and apply the same for the purposes aforesaid, by the Lord' Archbishop of 'Canterbury for the time being, and the Lord Bishop of London for the time being,

Writing, under their Hands, on such Nominee or Nominees giving a Bond to the Archbishop and Bishop so nominating or appointing as aforesaid, with sufficient Surety hi Double the Sum so to be borrowed or raised, with Condition for his duly applying and

Bishop of London may borrow on Mortgage of Premises belonging so lus See, lOpCOch

Covenant to pay and keep down Principal and Irv-terest.

Mortgagee empowered to distrain, in case of Nonpayment, for Forty Days.

Hie Money to be paid to a Person to be nominated by the Archbishop of Canterbury and Bishop of

Pr. C. 45.

59° GEO. III. A.D. 1819.

Proviso for the Bishop's Power of leasing.

The Bishop for the time being to pay the Interest, and One- twentieth Part of the Principal, every Year.

accounting for the same, according to the Directions of this Act; and the Receipt or Receipts of the Person or Persons so to be nominated shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Person or Persons who shall advance and pay the Money; and the Person or Persons so to-be nominated shall or may from time to time enter into Contracts with proper Persons for such rebuilding, wholly or in part, and repairing the said Man/ion House in Saint James9 s Square and its Offices, as shall be approved by the said Archbishop and Bishop for the time being, and shall be specified in an Instrument or Instruments upon Parchment, and signed by them, and also shall or may, with the like Approbation from time to time refeind or vary any such Contracts, and shall inspect' and have the Care of the Execution of such Contracts, and shall pay the Money for such rebuilding and Repairs, according to the Terms of such Contracts, or otherwise shall (uper-intend and inspect such rebuilding and repairing, and pay the Money for the same, as the said Archbishop and Bishop shall in manner aforesaid approve and direct, and shall take proper Receipts for the Money so paid or applied; and as soon as the Works and things by this Act directed to be done shall be completed, and the Money paid, shall make out an Account of his Receipts and Payments, and enter them in a Book fairly written, which shall be signed by such Person or Persons, and laid before the said Archbishop and Bishop for the time being, together with the Vouchers for such Payments, and examined by them, and when allowed by Writing under their Hands, such Allowance shall be a full Discharge to the Person or Persons so nominated, in respect to the said Account; and if any Balance shall remain in the Hands of such Nominee or Nominees after the Payments aforesaid, and also after making to him or them such Compensation for his or their Trouble as the said Archbishop and Bishop shall think reasonable, the same shall be paid in discharge of so much of the "principal Debt secured by such Mortgage or Mortgages as such Balance will extend to pay; all which Accounts, when made out, completed and allowed, shall be deposited, together.with the Vouchers, in the Hands of the Registrar of the Diocese of London for the time being, for the Use and Benefit of the Lord Bishop of London for the time being, who shall have a Right to inspect the same, and take Copies thereof, whenever Occasion shall require.

V. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That notwithstanding any such Mortgage or Mortgages as aforesaid, it ihaD be lawful for the said William Lord Bishop of London, and his Successors in the said See, from time to time to make such Leases, except so far as he and they are restrained by this Act, as he or they might have made in case this Act and the said Mortgage or Mortgages had not been passed or made; and that such Mortgage or Mortgages shall also be subject to the E(Fe& of all such Lcales as have been already made of any of the Possessions of the said See, and are now subsisting.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Lord Bishop making such Mortgage or Mortgages as aforesaid, and every nicceeding Bishop in the said See for the time being, shall and he and they is and are hereby required to pay and discharge yearly and every Year, One Twentieth Part of the Principal Money thereby secured, until the whole of such Money shall be discharged; and also from time to

A.D. 1819. 59° GEO. III.

red

Pr.C.48.

time to pay the Interest due on such Principal Money; and that

every such Bishop shall annually at his own Expence, from the time when such Mansion Poufe shall be completed, according to this Act, insure at one of the Public Offices in London or Westminster for Inference of Houses and Buildings, the said Mansion House, and the Offices belonging thereto, against Accidents by Fire, at the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds at the lead.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Lease No Least to or Leases shall at any time or times hereafter be made of the said*&* of Mansion House and Premises in Saint Janus's Square, or its Offices, London Hott#e-or any Part thereof, by the said William Lord Bishop of London, or

his Successors in the said See.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That upon On every every such Vacancy as shall happen of the said See before fttch Vacancy of the Mortgage or Mortgages shall be discharged, the Lord Bishop for Byhop rathe time being avoiding the same, his Heirs, Executors or Adminif- a p°^rt^n tretors, ' shall pay so much of the Half Yearly Payment of Interect, Interest and and of such Instalment of the Principal Money secured by such Instalment of Mortgage or Mortgages, accruing and not actually accrued due at Pr*nciP*1 'he*1 the time of his ceasing to be Bishop of the said See, as will be in accniin* proportion to the time which (hah have elapsed between the Payment

due or made in the preceding Half Year, and the Payment to grow due or to be made in the next foceeeding Half Year;

IX. And Whereas there is (banding in the- Name of the Ac* Reciting that countant General of the High Court of Chancery, in the Books ' of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, ex parte Jo to

the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the See, is sundCity of London, the Account of William Lord Bishop of London, ing in the Ac-

the Sum of Five thousand and forty Pounds Twelve Shillings and countent Ge- Sixpence Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities, which neraA s

was purchased with the Sum of Three thousand four hundred and twenty seven Pounds Twelve Shillings and Seven Pence Cash, paid into the Bank in the Name of the said Accountant General, by

the said Wardens and Commonalty, as or for the Consideretion for the Purchase (for the purposes of the Act hereinafter mentioned) of certain Tenements in or near Saint Pouts Church Tard in the ' said City, belonging to the said Lord Bishop, in right of his See;

and which said Sum of Five thousand and forty Pounds Twelve Shillings and Sixpence Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities, is, under or by virtue of an Act passed in the last 58 G.3. c.aiSession of Parliament, intituled An Act to enable the Trustees of Saint fr. Paul's Schooly in the City of London, to purchase Buildings and Land adjoining or near to the said School\ for the better Accommodation of the Scholars, and for other purposes, febjeft to a Trufb to be invested under the Direction of the said Court, in the Purchase of

other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be settled to the Use of the said William Lord' Bishop of London, and his Successoas in the said See, who are entitled to the Dividends or Interest thereof in the meantime until Investment of the same in such Purchase of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments as aforesaidBe it therefore

further enafbed, That it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chan- Court of Chancery, upon Petition to be preferred to the said Court in a summary m7 "* Way by or on the behalf of the said William Lord Bishop of London^

his Executors or Administrators, to make such Order or Orders as taudna and 59 Geo. III. 3D to

---

770. Pr. c. 45 — 49. 59° GEO. III. A.D. 1819.

[taxing the Expences of the Act.]

to the same Court shall seem meet, for taxing and ascertaining the Costs, Charges and Expences of applying for and obtaining and passing this Act, and the Costs and Expences of or attending such Application to the said Court, and for raising and paying all such Costs, Charges and Expences as aforesaid, by Sale of a competent Part of the said Sum of Five thousand and forty Pounds Twelve Shillings and Sixpence Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities.

[Governors of Queen Anne's Bounty authorised to advance the Money.]

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governors authorised or appointed to regulate and Superintend the Bounty given by Her late Majesty Queen Anne, for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, to advance and lend any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, out of the Money which has arisen or shall from time to time arise from that Bounty for promoting and assisting the Several purposes of this Act; and such Mortgage and Security as aforesaid shall be made for Repayment in manner aforesaid, by Instalments, of the principal Sum or Sums So to be advanced, with lawful Interest for the same, by such Half Yearly Payments as aforesaid.

[Act printed by the King's Printer to be Evidence.]

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Several Printers to The King's Most Excellent Majesty, duly authorised to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom; and a Copy thereof, so printed by any of them, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices and others.

Cap. 46.

An Act for vesting certain Estates, devised by the Will of Joseph Fayrer, and now held in undivided Shares, in a Trustee, to be sold; and for investing the Purchase Monies of the Shares of such of the Parties interested as are Infants, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be conveyed to them, according to their respective Rights and Interests, in lieu of such Shares.

[6th July 1819.]

Cap. 47.

An Act to empower the Trustees of the Will of the late Peter Bernard, Surgeon, to grant Building Leases of Land devised by his said Will, situated in the Town and County of Southampton.

[12th July 1819.]

Cap. 48.

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for better regulating the Charity of John Shaftoe of Nether Warden, in the County of Northumberland.

[12th July 1819.]

Cap. 49.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Alvingham, in the County of Lincoln.

[12th July 1819.]

Allotments for Tithes, § 24. Commissioners to deduct for Moduses, § 25. Persons not having open Lands to pay in Money for Tithes, § 26. Power for Rector and Vicar to grant Leases, §30. Tithes payable till Allotments made, § 33. Glebe and Tithe Allotments fenced, § 39.

[Index removed.]

