A.D. 1818. 58° GEO. III. C. i — iii. 485

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED;

OR PRINTED COPIES WHEREOF ARE DECLARED TO BE EVIDENCE.

N.B. — The Continuance of such of the following Acts as are temporary will be known (where it is not expressly stated) by referring to the following List, according to the corresponding Letter in the Title.

(a) For 21 Years, &c. [i.e. to the End of the next Session] from a Day named in the Act.

(b) For 21 Years, &c, from the passing of the Act.

(c) For 21 Years, &c. after the End of the Term under former Acts.

The following are all Public Acts; to each of which is annexed a Clause in the Form following:

"And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King's most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof, so printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others."

Cap. i.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Town of Stroud, in the County of Gloucester, through Pitchcomb, into the City of Gloucester* (a) [17th March 1818.]

Cap. ii.

An Act to continue the Terms, and alter and enlarge the Powers of 23 G. 2. g 38: Three Acts passed in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His ix G. 3. c. 66. late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eleventh and 37 G* 3*14^ Thirty seventh Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing *fe<P&Ocon-the Road from the City of York to Boroughbridge in the County {jn*Ued during of Tori* (a) [17th March 1818.] the Residueof

£.Additional Trustees* Former Tolls to eeafe* New Tolls granted.] cd^rondmjed

by 37 G. 3* c. 149., and thence for ix Years, 8cc*

Cap. iii.

An Act for extending the Powers of an Act passed in the Forty 45 G. 3. c.mm* fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing 490.3. c.xul Roads in the County of Ayr.

[17th March 1818.]

Cap.

36

C. iv — ix.

58° GEO. III. A.D. 1818.

38 G. 3. c.xL The Terra thereby granted made to cease, except at tn the Bury and Rat-cliff© Bridge District.

18 G. 3. c iOi. 38 G. 3. c. r a. continued from iff May 1818, for ai Year*, fte.

14 G. 3. c. 101. 36 G. 3. c. 150. continued.

IJG.3. c. 74. 38 G. 3. c. 7. continued for at Years, &c.

33 G. 3. C.I39. continued from 31st May i8i8t for 21 Years,

dec.

Cap. it.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Power* of an Act ot His present Majesty's Reign, for improving the Road from Manchester to Rochdale, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Lancaster; so far as relates to the Bury and Ratcliffe Bridge District of Road therein mentioned; and for making Two new Branches of Road to communicate with the said District of Road, (c) Qi7th March 1818.]

Cap.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the City of Gloucester towards Cheltenham and Tewkesbury in the County of Gloucester. (c) [17th March 1818.]

{.Additional Trustees.3

Cap vi.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from near the Town of Manchester in the County of Lancaster to Hyde Lane Bridge in the County of Chester. (h) ri7th March 1818.]

{One Half additional Toll on Sundays.']

Cap. vii.

An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His present Majesty for repairing the Roads near the Towns of Hockerton, KirlUmgton, Southwell9 Normanton and Wink bourne, with a Branch from Kirk-lington to the Street Gate Road, and the Newark and Southwell.Turnpike Road at Greet Bridge, in the County of Nottingham. (a)

£i7th March 1818.]

{New Trustees. Former Exemptions from Tolls repealed, and others

granted.J

Cap. riii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Ada of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Crouch Hill, in the Parish of Henfield, to the Turnpike Road leading from Brtghthelm-stone to Cue (field, and from the East Side of the said Turnpike Road to the Croft Roads in the Town of Ditchling, in the County of Sussex. (c) £i7tn March l8t8»]

{Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease. New Tolls granted.]

Cap. ix.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Salter's Brook, in the County Palatine of defter. (a) [17th March 1818.]

{Former Tolls to cease. New Tolls granted. One Half additional Toll: on Sundays, except for Milk.3

Cap

58° GEO. III. C. x — xvi.

437

Cap. x.

An Act for making more effectual Provision for Payment of the 490.3. c.mvl Debt due by the Trustees for Turnpike Roads, in the County of continued. Peebles, and for other Purposes connected therewith, (b)

[17th March 1818.]

Cap. xi.

An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His present Majesty, 37 G. 3. c. 163. for repairing the Road from West Cowgate, near Newcastle upon continued. Tyne, to the Alemouth Turnpike Road, in the County of Northumberland. (a) [17th March 1818.]

Cap. xii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from 33 G. 3. c. 170, Ardwick Green^ near Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lan- 39 G- 3- c. Uiv. caster, to the Bridge at the Corn Mills at Wilmslow, in the County rcPealed* Palatine of Chester. (a) [17th March 1818.]

[Additional Toll on Sundays.]

Cap. xiii.

An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for eu- 5y 0.3. c.xi. larging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Towcester to the Turnpike Road in Cotton End, in the Parish of Hardingfton, in the County of Northampton, (a) [17th March 1818.]

[Additional Toll.]

Cap. xiv.

An Act for repairing the Road from Blakedown Pool in the Parish 26 G. 2. c. 47. of Hagley and County of Worcester, to Birmingham in the County3 G*3- c. 107. of Warwick. («) [17th March 1818.] X4°

[One Half additional Toll on Sundays.]

Cap. xv.

An Act for amending an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the 36 G 3. c.xliv. Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts faffed for improving the Port,

Harbour and Town of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, and for better supplying the said Town with Water.

[17th March 1818.]

Cap. xvi.

An Act to enable the Grand Junction Canal Company to vary the 33 0.3. c. 80. Line of Part of their Canal in the County of Hertford, and for io P, rt repealed, altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts relating to the^Cm J4' said Canal.

[, 7ih March 1818.]

35 G. 3. c. 43. 36 G. 3. c. 25. 38 G. 3. c. xxilu. 41 G.3. (U.K.) c. Uxi. 43 G. 3. c. vili. 45 G. 3. c.lxviii. 51 O.3. c.dxix. 52 0.3. e.cxl.

Cap.

438

C. xvii — xx.

58° GEO. III. A.D. 1818.

Cap. xrii.

330.3.0.97. An Act to enable the Ghm and Berkeley Canal Company to 45 o'. 3.' c cir* vary and alter the Line of their Canal; and for altering and enkrg-

' ing the Powers of several AS* patted for making and maintaining

the said Canal.

[17th March 1818.]

39 ft 40 0.3. c. 3. in part repealed.

44G. 3.C. 46. 50 G. 3.C. 76.

Cap. xviii.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Thames and Medway Canal to raise a further Sum ot Money for completing the said Canal, and the Works thereto belonging; and for altering, enlarging and rendering more effectual the Powers for making the said Canal and Works.

[17th March 1818.]

8 G. 3. c. 38. 9G. 3-C. 53-3 G. 3. c. 9a. in part repealed.4 G. 3. Sess. a.

Cap. xix.

An Act for altering, explaining and amending the several Acts of Parliament passed, relating to the Birmingham Canal Navigations; and for improving the said Canal Navigations.

[17th March 1818.]

c. 4. aS G. 3. c. 99. 34 G. 3. c. 87. in part repealed. 46 G. 3. c.xcii. jl 0.3. c.cv. 55 G. 3. c.il

Cap. xx.

An Act for providing a convenient House, with suitable Accommodations, for His Majesty's Judges at the Affixes for the County of Leicester; and for making therein a convenient Place for the Justices of the Peace to meet and transact any Public Hufioefii of the said County; and also for the safe Custody of the Public Records of the said County.

[17th March 1818.]

WHEREAS the Lodgings in the Borough of Leicesterf in which His Majesty's Judges have heretofore resided daring their Attendance at the Affixes for the County of LdceJUr, are*very inconvenient, and do not afford proper and suitable Accommodation to them during their Residence in the said Borough: And Whereas from the Magnitude and Importance of the public Dutiei*of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, owing*to the increased Population of the County, it is become expedient*and necessary, and it would be highly conducive to the Conte- nience of the Magistrates, and it would tend greatly to the Accommodation of the Public, if a convenient Place for the transading*the public Business of the County, and to deposit in safe Custody and Preservation the public Records of the said County, was eftsblished at Leicester: And Whereas the Justices of the Peace for the said County, assembled at the General Quarter Sessioni of the Peace holden at the Castle of Leicester, in and for the said County, on the Fifteenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, and also the Grand Jury of the said County, at the Lent Assizes in the same Year, having duly considered the Propriety of procuring a better Accommodation for the Judges, were of Opinion that the same ought to be procured and made, and that there appears no Mode of procuring permanent suitable Accommodation for the said Judges but by purchasing, repairing or budding of some House for that Purpose, and for which the Expends ture of a considerable Sum of Money will be necessary: ' But at

A.D. 1818. 58° GEO. III. C. xx.

489

the same cannot be done without the Authority of Parliament, may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Adrice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That at the next General Quarter Sessioos of the Peace to be holden after the passing of this Act, at the Castle of Leicestert in and for the said County of Leicester> and afterwards at any subsequent General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County, it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace for the said County then and there a(Teii)bled, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to make from time to time such Order or Orders for the purchasing, building, repairing, providing and furniflking, in the Borough of Leicester or in the Suburbs thereof, any House or other private or public Building, or any Piece or Pieces of Land or Ground whereon a House may be built, with suitable Offices and Accommodations for the Rehdence of His Majesty's Judges at the Allizes for the said County, or during any Special Commission of Oyer and Terminer, with their Officers and Attendants, and for transacting the Business usually transacted at the Lodgings of His Majesty's Judges during the Assizes; and also for the Reception and Convenience of the Justices of the Peace for the time being of the said County, at any Adjournment of their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, when the same Sessions shall not happen during the Assizes of the said County, or during such Special Commission of Oyer and Terminer; and also for the making and providing in such House or Building suitable Offices for the Magistrates to meet and transact any of the public Business of the said County $ and for the Deposit and safe Custody of the public Records of the said County; as to them the said Justices so assembled, or the tnajor Part of them, shall from time to time appear expedient or necessary, and for paying, discharging and defraying all the Expences, Coils and Charges of and attending the purchaung, building, repairing, providing and furnishing of the same, and of effecting and carrying into Execution the several Purposes of this Act, by and out of the public Stock or County Rates of the said County, subject to such Restrictions and Provisions as are herein after contained.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Justices of the Peace assembled at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County from time to time to order and direct such Salary or Allowance to be paid out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, or by and out of the public Stock or County Rates of the said County, to the Clerk of the Peace for the said Chunty of Leicester for the time being, or his Deputy, for assisting in the Execution of this Act, or for any other Services, Pains or Trouble required of him by the said Justices officially relating to the public Business of the said County, or for executing any Rules, Orders or Regulations to be made in pursuance thereof, as shall be thought fit and reasonable by the said Justices.

III. And for the more speedy and effectually carrying into Execution the Powers of this Act, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Justices assembled at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or the major Part of such Justices, to borrow and take up at legal Intenest any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding

Justices at Quarter Sessions enabled to make Orders for providing a House, Ac. for the Judges, &c.

Clerk of the Peace to be remunerated for hia Trouble.

Justices may at Quarter Sessions borrow Money on the Credit of the County Rates.

440

C. xx.

58° GEO. ILL

A.D. 1811.

Form of Mort-

Securities for Money to be transferable.

Form of Affifnment.

ceeding in the Whole the Sam of Seven thousand Pounds on the Credit of the County Rates to be made, raised and assessed upon and within the said County of Leicester, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals, or under the Hands and Seals of any Five of them, to mortgage or assign over any such Rates to the Person or Perfom who shall advance or lend such Money, or to his, her or their Tniftce or Trustees, as a Security for the Repayment of any Money to be advanced for the Purposes of this Act, with interest as aforesaid; and all Persons to whom any such Mortgages or Assign men ts shall be made, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, fluQ be, in proportion to the Sums in such Securities mentioned. Creditors on the said Rates equally one with another, without any Preference in respect of the Priority of advancing such Money, or the Dates of any such Mortgages or Alignments; and every such Mortgage or Alignment lhafl be good, valid and effectual in the Law for the Purposes thereby intended, and shall be in the Form or to the ECicd following; (that is to say, )

yU E, A.B. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace and Chair-

man of the Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County of Leicester, holden at the Castle of Leicester, the

Day of and C.D. % -E.F., G. H. and

/. K; Four other of His Majesty's . Justices of the Peace acting for the said County, and assembled in the said Court in pursuance of the-Powers to us given, by an Act passed in the Fifty eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act, &c. \Jbere insert the Title of this Act, '] do hereby io open Court mortgage and charge all the Rates to be raised within the said County under the Description of County Rates, by the Laws now in being, with the Payment of the Sum of

which L. M. of hath proposed and agreed to lend,

and hath now actually advanced and paid into the Hands of the Treasurer of the said County for the Purposes of the said Act; and we do hereby confirm and establish the same unto the said L. M.y his Executors, Administrators and Assigns, for (pouring the Repayment of the said Sum of and

interest for the same after the Rate of for One hundred Pounds for a Year; and do hereby order the Treasurer of the said County to pay the interest of the said Sum of Half Yearly, as the same shall become due, until the Principal M 4 he discharged.'

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the respective Persons entitled to any of the Securities to be given for Money advanced for the Purposes of this Act, and their respective Executors, Administrators or Assigns, at any time, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to transfer such Securities to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by Indorsement on the Back of such Security, or any Writing to be annexed thereto, in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say, )

I A.B. do transfer this Mortgage, with all my Right or Title to the principal Money hereby secured, and au interest now doe and to become due for the same, to C. Dm his Executors, Administrators and Assigns. Dated the Day of

One thousand eight hundxtd and '

And

A.D. 1818. 58° GEO. III. C. xx.

441

And all Mortgages and Assignments which shall be made in pur* fnance of this Act, and Memorials of all Transfers thereof, shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk of the Peace for the said County $ which Memorials shall specify and contain the Dates, Names of the Parties, and the Sums of Money thereby secured; to which Book any Persons interested shall at all reasonable times have Access, and shall have free Liberty to inspeH the same; and for the Entry of every such Transfer the said Clerk of the Peace shall be paid, by the Person to whom the same shall be made, the Sum of Ten Shillings, and no more; and after such Entry made of any Transfer, every such Transfer so entered shall entitle the Person to whom the same shall be made, and his, her and their respective Executors, Administrators and Assigns, to the Benefit of the Security thereby transferred.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Money to be expended in the purchasing, building, repairing, providing, fitting up and furnishing such House, Buildings, Lands, Offices, Accommodations, Furniture and Appurtenances as are by this Act directed, including the Cods, Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall not in the Whole exceed the Sum of Seven thousand Pounds: Provided always, that no greater Sum or Sums of Money shall be applied from and out of the public Stock or County Rates of the said County in any one Year towards the Discharge and Payment of the Sum of Money directed to be raised and borrowed under the Provisions of this Act for the Purposes aforesaid, and for the lawful Interest to be paid to such Person or Persons advancing the same, or for the effeHing and carrying into Execution the several Purposes of this Act, than shall amount to One Halfpenny in the Pound on the Assessment upon which the County Rate for the said County of Leicester is collected.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall he lawful for the said Justices so assembled as aforesaid, or the major Part of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from time to time to treat, contrail and agree with the Owners of and Persons interested in any Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments which they shall judge to be proper or necessary for the Purposes of this Act, for the Purchase thereof, and by and out of the said public Stock and County Rates of the said County to pay or cause to be paid, for the Purchase of such Houses, Buildings, Lauds or Hereditaments, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall he agreed upon between such Owners and Persons interested as aforesaid and the said Justices, and also the Costs and Charges attending such Agreement and Purchase as aforesaid; and upon Payment of the Money agreed to be paid for the Purchase of any such Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments as aforesaid, or on depositing the same in the Bank of England in manner by this Act directed, it shall be lawful for the said Justices of the Peace, or any Two or more of them, their Surveyors, Workmen or Agents, at any time thereafter, to enter upon and take Possession of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments, and the same shall be conveyed to the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Lncester for the time being, for the Purposes of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Bole, Tenants for Life or ia Fee Tail, General or Special, and all

Husbands,

Money to bs expended no exceed Seven thousand Pounds.

No more than One Halfpenny in the Pound on the Assessment to be applied out of the County Rate" in any one Year.

Justices in Quarter Seftiont enabled to purchase Houses, Bui<dit)gs or Lands for the*Purposes of this A a.

Bodies Politic, Corporate, Trusteet, Sec. enabled to Cell.

442

p. XX.

58° GEO. III. A.D. 1818.

Conveyances, Ac valid without Fine or Recovery.

Application of Compensation when amounting to or exceeding

aool.

Husbands, Trustees, or Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees and all other Trustees whomsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants, Issue unborn, Femes Covert, Lunatics, Idiots or other Person or Persons whom foe ver, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised, possessed of or interested in their own Right, and to and for all and every Person or Persons whomsoever who are or shall be seised, possessed of or interested in any such Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments which shall be so fixed upon at aforesaid, to treat, contract and agree with the said Justices, or the major Pan of them so assembled as aforesaid, for the Sale of such Houses, Buildings, Lands or Hereditaments, and of all or any Part of their Interest therein, or in any Part thereof, and to convey the same to such Person or Persons for the Purposes of this Act, and in such manner as they the said Justices, or the major Part of them so assembled as aforesaid, shall direct, and as Occasion shall require; and all Contracts, Sales and Conveyances which shall be so made shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, without Fine or Recovery, and shall be a complete Bar to all Estates Tail, and all other Estates, Rights, Titles, Trusts and Interests whatsoever, any Law, Statute, Settlement, or other matter or thing whatsoever to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding j and all and every such Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Husbands, Trustees, Feoffees, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees and all other Persons, shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed to be paid for the Purchase of any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments purchased by virtue of the Powen of this Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Executor, Administrator, Hu (band, Guardian or Committee, for or on behalf of any Infant, Lunatic, Idiot or Feme Covert, or to any Person or Persons whole Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments are limited in ftrid or other Settlement, or to any other Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Justices of the Peace for the County of Leicester, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments* in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or in or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or any Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, afteding the same Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or affedcng any other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments settled therewith to the same or the Kke Uses, Trusts, Intents or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be

laid

£ A.D. 1818.

58° GEO. III

443

laid out and in veiled, under the like Direction and Approbation of r the said Court, in the Purchase of other Houses, Buildings, Lands,

Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents and Purposes, and in the same manner as the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tc-r nements and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased as aforesaid Hood settled or limited, or such of them as at the time of making the Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined ana capable of taking Effect j and in the mean time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invelled by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities j and in the mean time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from time to time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Houses,

Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Application Money so agreed to be paid for any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Te- where the Com-oements or Hereditaments purchased for the Purposes aforesaid, and 5w^2o6L«nd* belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under amount* to*!* any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum exceed* aol.

1 of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so purchased, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank with the Privity and in the Name of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the said County, such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties, in order that such Principal' Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in manner hereinbefore directed, so* far as the case may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when such Application

Money so agreed to be paid as lad before mentioned shall not exceed wh*r*the Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the same shall be applied dtes not

to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the time being exce 10*have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Houses, Buildings,

Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so purchased for the Purposes of this Act, in such manner as the said Justices, or the major Part of them so assembled as aforesaid, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guard-

58° GEO. III.

Proviso respect-in? disputed Titles.

The Court may order reasonable Expences of Purchases to he paid by the Olid Justice*.

Clerk of the Peace to give Notice to Sheriff when Houses, ft c. are completed

C xx.

A.D. 1818.

ians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively,

XI. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That where say Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person or Persons to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name sac with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in purfuence of this Act, for the Purchase of any Hooks, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Edatr, Right or Interest in any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments at the time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to be lawfully entitled to such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation entitled to any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all such last mentioned Purchases from time to time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Justices of the reace out of the Money to be raided by virtue of this Act, who shall from time to time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall diroft.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That as soon as such House, Buildings, Offices and Accommodations shall have been provided and furnished, and put into a proper State for the Reception of His Majesty's Judges as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Leicester for the time being, and he is hereby required, forthwith to give Notice thereof to the High Sheriff of the County of Leicester for the time being, and it shall be lawful for such Sheriff, or his Under Sheriff, within Eight Days previous to any Affixes, or to any Special Commission of Oyer and Terminer for the Trial of Offenders, to be holden for the said County, to enter upon and occupy the said House, Buildings and Offices so to be appropriated for the Accommodation of His Majesty, s Judges as aforesaid, and also the Furniture and Utensile in the same, in order that

he

A.C. 1818.

58° GEO. III. C. xx.

445

be may prepare and make ready the same for the Reception of His Majesty's Judges as aforesaid, the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy delivering to the said Sheriff or his Under Sheriff an Inven* tory or Schedule of all Furniture and Articles of Household Use < appertaining to the said House and Premises, and the said Sheriff shall be accountable for the due Care and Re-delivery of the same (all reasonable Damage or Loss by Wear and Tear excepted); and % the said High Sheriff and his Uuder Sheriff is and are hereby authorized and empowered to require all and every Person or Persons then and there found therein (except the Person to whose Care the said House and Furniture is intruded under the Authority of the Justices of the Peace of the said County) to remove and quit the same for the Reception and Accommodation of the Judges as aforesaid; and ki case of their not removing or quitting forthwith, taking to his and /, their Assistance a Con (table or Peace Officer, to displace and remove the Person or Persons so not removing or quitting forthwith, without being liable or subject to any Action for Trespass, or any Indictment for forcible Entry, or otherwise, for so doing.

XIV. And Whereas it may be necessary, for effecting the Purposes of this Act, to purchase more Land or Buildings than it may j* be absolutely necessary to retain for the Purposes of this Act Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Justices so assembled as aforesaid, or the major Part of them, and they are hereby empowered from time to time to cause any such superffuous Land or Buildings to be sold or disposed of, together or in Pareels, either by public Sale or private Contract, as they shall; find rood advantageous and convenient, and to order the same to be conveyed, by Indenture or Indentures under the Hand and Seal of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County for the time being, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to contract for and purchase the same, and to apply the Monies to arise by such Sale or r Sales to and for the Purposes of this Act; but the Purchaser or Purchasers shall not be obliged to fee to the Application of such; Purchase Money, nor be accountable for the Misapplication or Non-? application thereof, or of any Part thereof; and the Receipt and Receipts of the Treasurer of the said County for the time being for all such rurchafe Monies shall be a sufficient Discharge and Discharges to any Person or Persons for his, her or their Purchase Monies.

XV. And be it further enacted, That during such time as any House, Buildings and Offices to be provided by virtue of this Act shall be used for the Accommodation of His Majesty's Judges at the Assizes, or at any Special Commission as aforesaid, all and every Sum and Sums of Money allowed to the Sheriff of the said County for the time being out of His Majesty's Exchequer for such Lodgings and Accommodations, shall be paid over by the said Sheriff to the Treasurer of the said County for the time being, to be taken and applied as Part of the Public Stock of the said County collected under the Rates for the same County.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever such House, Buildings, Offices or Accommodations shall require Alterations, Additions or Improvements, or become out of Repair, or any Furniture thereto belonging shall become unfit for Use, or any new Furniture shall be necessary, it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace for the time being of the said County, assembled at any General Quarter

Sessions

and to deliver Inventory of Furniture, &c.to Sheriff, who it to be accountable for the same.

Any Lands or Buildings not wanted may be refold by Justiceaiu Quarter Sessions.

Allowance to Sheriff for Judges* Houses, to be paid over by him to Treasurer for County.

How Repairs, &c. are to be made, &c.

446

c. xx.

58° GEO. III. A.D. 1818.

Sessions of the Peace for the said County, or the major Part of them, by an Order of the said Sessions, from time to time to direct the making of such Alterations, Additions, Improvements and Repairs, and supplying of all Furniture and other matters and things wanted to be made, done and supported; and it shall be lawful for such Justices, or the major Part of them, and they are hereby authorized to direct that such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be expended in the Repairs, Alterations, Additions or Improvements of the fail House and Premises, or Supply of such Furniture or other matters and things as may from time to time become necessary as aforesaid, and also in the Payment and Discharge of all or any Quit Rents, Rent Charges, Taxes, Rates and Demands made upon the said House and Premises, to be defrayed and paid by the Treasurer of the said County for the time being out of any Money in his Hands of the Public Stock or County Rates of the said County; and the Treasurer of the said County is hereby authorized and required to pay any Sum or Sums of Money so ordered by such Justices, and such Order shall be a sufficient Authority or Discharge to the said Treasurer for the same; and that it shall be lawful for the said Justices, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to appoint a proper Person with a competent Salary and Allowance to take Care of the said House, Buildings and Offices, and to have the Charge of the Furniture being in the said House; and also that it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices to order the said House, Buildings and Offices and Furniture to be insured from Fnr, and the Sum or Sums of Money so to be expended, and all Charges incident thereto, to be defrayed and paid out of the Public Stock or County Rates of the said County.

XVII. And Whereas the House and Premises in Contemplation

to be provided and purchased under the Powers and Authorities of ' this Act will be locally situate within the Borough of Leuejkr,

and the same being an ancient Borough and Body Corporate within the County of Leicester, in which the Justices acting in the Commission of the Peace for the said County of Leicester have no Jorifdid ion Be it therefore enacted and declared, That when and so

Jurisdiction soon as the said House, Offices and Accommodations so to be pro-given to the vided and furnished under the Powers and Authorities of this Adk

in refyUVthe shall have been completed and put into a proper State for the Purposes f«id House and aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Premises, &c. Peace for the time being of the said County of Leicester, at all times, to (it, execute and discharge their several Functions, Commissioxts, Processes, Duties and Services at, in and upon the said House and Premises so as aforesaid authorized to be purchased and provided by virtue of this Act, in the same manner, and with the like Powers and Authorities, as well for compelling the Appearance of Parties before^them as in all other respedU, as can or may be used and done at any Place within the said County of Leicester; and that for removing all Doubts and Difficulties which might otherwise arise as to Jurisdiction at, in or upon the said House and Premises so to be purchased and provided by virtue of this Adfc (should the same be locally situate within the said Borough of Leicester), all and every the Process, Examinations, Adjudications, Judgments, Executions, Records, Orders, Warrants, Commitments and other Proceedings of any Justice or Justices- of the Peace for the time being of the said ' County

I

A.D. 1818. 58° GEO. III

C. xx.

447

County of Leicester, made, done and executed at, in or upon the said House and Premises to be purchased and provided under the Powers and Authorities of this Act, and all the Acts of any Constable or other Officer in obedience thereto, shall be as binding, valid, legal J and effectual, and shall be deemed and considered and are hereby declared to be as binding, valid, legal and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the same had been done at any Place within the County and not within the said Borough of Leicester; any Law, Statute, Charter or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all cases of Appeal to any Order, Conviction, Adjudication, Ad or Proceeding whatsoever of any Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said County of Leicester^ had, made or done at, in or upon the said House and Premises to be purchased and provided by virtue of this Act (should the same be locally situated within the said Borough of Le'uejier\y such Appeal shall be made to the General Quarter Sessions of the reace to be holden for the County of Leicester, and not to any General Session of the Peace to be holden for the Borough of r Leicester; any Law, Statute, Charter or Usage to the contrary 'f thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace for the time being for the said County may sue and be sued for or in respect of any Claim, Contract or other matter or thing made or t done, or to be made or done, or in any way anting under the Authority of this Act, in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity $ v and that no Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by or against the said Clerk of the Peace by virtue of this Act, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk of the Peace,

or by any Act of the said Clerk of the Peace done without the Consent of the said Justices, but such Clerk of the Peace for the time being shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action

f or Suit, nominally; and the same shall be carried on and defended t under the Direction of the said Justices, or the major Part of them, assembled at any General Quarter Session of the Peace for the said County, and the Damages (if any) shall be levied, and also all Expences be by them defrayed, in like manner as the other Charges under this Act; and the said House, Buildings, Offices, Furniture and Appurtenances, and all Furniture, Articles, matters and things therein or thereunto belonging, or any Land or Hereditaments purchased by virtue of this Act, shall in any Indictment or Indictments be laid, alleged and described to be the Property of the said Clerk of the Peace for the time being, and under the Style and Description of The Clerk of the Peace for the County of Leicester: Provided always, that in all and every Action or Actions, Suit or Suits to be brought and commenced as aforesaid, no Person or Persons whomsoever shall be deemed incompetent to give Evidence by reason of his, her or their paying or contributing towards the Public Stock of the said County, or by reason of his, her or their being charged with or liable to pay any of the Public Rates of the said County.

XX. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance or by virtue of this Act after Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed, or Cause of Action accrued for which such

Action

Appeals.

Alt ions to be brought and defended in the Name of the Clerk of the Peace.

Limitation of Actions.

C. xx — xxvi.

58° GEO. III. A.D. 1818.

[Public Act.]

47 G.3. Sefl*. 2, c.ii.

S G.a. c. 13. 19 G. 3. c. 115. 38 G. 3. c. 10. continued for ax Years, &c., except as to Part of the Road leading from Cirencester towards Bifley.

II 0.3.0.95 37 G. 3. c. 151. continued for a I Years, &c.

37G. 3. C. 1J6. ontinued for a I Years, 5cc.

Aft ion or Suit shall be so brought; and the Defendant or Defendants in any such Aft ion or Suit may plead the General I flue, and give this Act and the special matter in Evidence at any Trial to be bad thereupon.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being speda&y pleaded.

Cap. xxi.

An Act for altering and amending an Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for constructing a Pier and Harbov at or near the Town of Folbefione, in the County of Kent; for varying the Limits, and improving and rendering more commodious the said Pier and Harbour; for raising a further Sum of Money for completing the same; and for extending the Powers and Provisions of the said Act.

[19th March 1818.]

Cap. xxii.

An Act for enlarging the Church Yard of the Partfh of Chipping Barnet, in the County of Hertford, and for other Purpose t relating thereto.

[19th March 1818.]

Cap. xxiii.

An Act to continue the Term, and to amend and enlarge the Powers of several Acts passed for repairing the Road from Cirencester to Stroud, and another Road therein mentioned, both in the County of Gloucester. (a) [19th March 1818.]

[Toll* made to cease, and New Toll* granted.

Cap. xxiv.

An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of two Acts of the Eleventh and Thirty seventh Years of Hi* piefeot Majesty for repairing the Road leading from Wem, in the County of Salop, to the Lime Rocks at Bron y Garth, and several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Denbigh $ for repairing and diverting the Roads leading out of the said Road from Weu to Bron j Garth into the Turnpike Road leading from Ellesmere to Wrexham} and for repealing so much of the said Acts as relates to a certain Part of the said Roads, (c) [19th March 1818.]

[New Trustee*.']

Cap. xxv.

An Act for repairing and maintaining the Harbour of the Burgh of Regality of Fraferburgh, in the County of Aberdeen.

[8th May 1818.]

Cap. xxvi.

An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act of the Thirty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from' Dover, in the County of Kent, through Deal, to Sandwich, in the said County, (c) [8th May 1818.] [.Additional Trustee/.J

13 Cap.

A.D. 1818. 58° GEO. III. C. xxvii, xxviii.

449

y

Cap. xxvii.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Term* and Powers of certain 34 G. s. c. i<c. Acts, in so far as the same relate to the Road leading from the 37 G. 3. c. 161. Toll House in Paisley Lane, at she West Side of the Entry to the New Bridge of Glasgow, by or near Parkbou/e, to the East End of the Bridge at Renfrew, (b) [8th May 1818.]

[.Additional Trustees. Toils made to cease. New Tolls granted

Cap. xxviii.

An Act to extend 'and amend the Powers of Three Acts of His present Majesty's Reign, for building The Jjiaterloo Bridge, and making Roads communicating the rewith; and to authorize the Relinquishment of the repairing, lighting and watching of the Roads on the South Side of the Bridge^ to the Trustees of the Surrey New Roads, acting under Two several Acts of His present Majesty's Reign, for mating, widening and keeping in Repair certain Roads in the several Parishes of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark, Bermondsey and Christchurch, in the County of Surrey, and for watching and lighting the said Roads.

[8th May 1818.]

WHEREAS an Act wa* passed in the Forty ninth Year 49 G. 3. c.cxci.

W of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for building a Bridge over the River Thames, from the Precinct of the Savoy, or near thereunto, in the County of Middlesex, to the opposite Shore, and for making convenient Roads and Avenues to communi-

cate therewith, in the County of Surrey; And Whereas an Act was

passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 53 0.3.

intituled An Act for altering, enlarging and extending the Powers of c.cUixiv.

an Act of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River Thames, at the Precinct of the Savoy, or near thereunto, and making

Roads and Avenues to communicate therewith, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey: And Whereas an Act was passed in the

Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An 56 0.3. c.lxiii;

A3 for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River Thames, from the Precinct of the Savoy, or near thereunto, in the County of Middlesex, to the opposite Shore, and for making convenient Roads and Avenues to communicate therewith, in the County of Surrey; and also for making a new Road in lieu of Part of the Road or Street called Narrow Wall, in the said County of Surrey 5 and for making an Archway over Part of such new Road; and for denominating the said Bridge The Waterloo Bridge And Whereas the Company of Proprietors of The Waterloo Bridge, Incorporated by virtue of the hereinbefore recited Acts, or some or one of them, have proceeded in the Execution of the several Works authorized by the said recited Acts, and have completed the said Bridge, and Part of the Roads therein mentioned: And Whereas, for the more speedy and effectual Completion of the Remainder of the said Roads and Works, it will be expedient that the said Company should be authorized to raise a further Sum of Money: And Whereas it would tend to the Advantage or Convenience of the Public if the said Company were to reunquish the Controul, Superintendence and Management, and the repairing, lighting and watching of the several 58 Geo. III. Gg Roads

450

C. xxviii.

58° GEO. III. A.D. 1818.

6 G. 3-e. ijt.

47 O. 3. c. nr.

Tower to rails a further Sum.

Bonds and Debenture may be assigned;

Arguments to be rsg&evod.

1 Roads already made or hereafter to be made by them in the County of Surrey, to the Trustees of the Surrey New Roads aAing under and by virtue of an Act passed in the Twenty fiath Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making* widening and keeping in Repair certain Roads in the several Parishes of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark* Bermondsey, and Christchurch, in the County of Surrey, and for watching and lighting the said Roads; and also of an Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for making and keeping in repair Certain Roads in the Parishes ©/"Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark, Bermondsey and Christ church, in the County of Surrey, and for watching and lighting the said Roads: And whereas it will also be expedient that the said Company should be authorized to alter, increase and vary the Tolls authorized to be demanded on the said

Bridge and Roads; and that some of the Powers and Provisions of < the said Act 8, or some of them, should be altered, enlarged and

amended: ' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and witlnhe Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, in case they shall deem it meet and expedient, to raise any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Seventy five thousand Pounds in addition to the several Sums authorized to be raised by the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth. Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, by borrowing the same at any Rate of Interest not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum per Annumt and to issue to the several persons who shall advance the same, or any Part thereof, a Bond or Bonds, Debenture or Debentures, for securing the same, with such Interest, under the Common Seal of the said Company; and by such Bond or Bonds, Do-benture or Debentures, to mortgage and assign the Rates and Tolls to be received and taken upon thclaid Bridge; and all such Bonds and Debentures shall be registered with the Clerk of the said Company, and shall, so far as regards the Interests thereon, have Priority over and precede all other Securities upon the said Tolls, and also all Dividends and Division of Profit or Interest upon any Sums fob-icribed or contributed towards the said Undertaking; any thing contained in the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty 'sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or either of them, to the contrary thereof lh anywise notwithstanding: Provided always, that the Holders of such Bonds and Debentures shall stand upon the same Footing, the one with the other, in respect of their Right to the Payment of the Interest upon such Bonds and Debentures, without any Priority among themselves, notwithstanding the Suma of Money for which such Bonds and Debentures shall have been issued may Imre been advanced at different times.

II. And be it further enacted, That such Bonds and Debentures may be assigned and transferred in such and the like manner as Deeds of Mortgage of the Tolls of the said Bridge are by the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty authorised to be assigned and transferred j and every Assignment and xi Transfer

A.D. 1818. 58° GEO. III. C. xxviii.

451

Transfer of such Bonds and Debentures shall be registered with the Clerk of the said Company, in such or the like manner as Alignments and Transfers of such Mortgage Deeds are by the same Act directed to be registered; and the Clerk of the said Company shall be paid for registering every such Bond or Debenture, and every such Alignment or Transfer, such Sum, not exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence, as the Committee of the said Company shall appoint.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for Application of the said Company to apply and dispose of the said Sum of Seventy lhe Mo, ey» five thousand Pounds, or such Part thereof as shall be raised, in making and completing the Roads by the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth. Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty and this Act authorized to be made, and generally in carrying the said recited AftB and this Act into Execution and Effect.

IV. And Whereas the said Company have raised a great Part of Recualihst A lithe Sums authorized to be raised by the said recited Acts of the nu, t*4 had be*n ' Forty ninth. Fifty third and Fifty sixth Yew. of the Reign of His present Majesty, by way of Annuity, and did agree with the several had been issued Parties advancing such Sums that the same mould be advanced under the Comby certain Instalmenti, in order that the Weight of such Annuities P*ny'a Seal;

might not fall upon the said Company before the Sums advanced Come

by way of Consideration for such Annuities Should be wanted for knitted to*

the Execution of the several Works authorized by the said recited apply for iheir Acts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty uxth Years of the Grants, the Reign of His present Majesty: And Whereas, in order to secure Company had the Payment of the said Annuities to the several Persons advancing f v?"1!/ such Sums of Money, the said Company of Proprietors have issued which*Doubta to the said Parties certain Grants of Annuities under their Common have been enterSeal, specifying the Periods at which such Instalments Should be taioed.

advanced, and me several Parts of such Annuities Should commence: And Whereas some of the Persons advancing such Sums of Money having omitted to apply to the said Company for their respective Grants of Annuity until after all or some of the Periods at which such Instalments were advanced, the said Company have issued to such Persons respectively Grants of Annuity, bearing Date respectively the Days on which the same were so issued, whereas according to the Tenor and Intention thereof the same should have been dated on the Twenty third Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, the Day of Payment of the First of the said Instalments: And Whereas Doubts have arisen as to the Form of all such Grants For Remedy whereof be it further enacted.

That all such Grants of Annuities, being duly damped according £roviso for h»ch to the total Amount of such Instalments, and all Amgnments and Grants* Transfers of such Grants of Annuities, being duly damped according to the Amount of Consideration Money payable to the Person or Persons assigning or transferring the same, shall be good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposej, any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise not withstan ding; and shall be binding in Law, not only upon the said Company, but also upon all Grantees, and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns; and that such of the said Grants as by Mistake were dated subse* questly to the said Twenty third Day of February One thousand right hundred and fourteen, shall be deemed and considered as bearing Date

G g 2 on,

450

C. xxviii.

58° GEO. III.

*6G. 3.C. 131.

47 O. 3. c* cxv.

Roads already made or hereafter to be made by the|^ of Surrey, to the Tru flees of the Carrey New and by virtue of an Act passed in the Twenl'g % r Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An ft

and keeping in Repair certain Roads in the^ beth, Newington, Saint George Sou^f Christchurch, in the County of

Is s and also r|

Reign of Hr f f -

lighting the said Roads; and also cS fy *C

seventh Year of the Reign of Hr

Bermondsey and Christchur^,

watching and lighting the ft gfc

expedient that the said f % H increase and vary the Xi^r^g,

Bridge and Roads; av/^/3 g ' the AAs, or (o'jf*

amended May it// enacted; and be it ./f by and wittrthe A/> poral, and Comr/>/

Tower to raise a Authority of ftfjf further Sum. Company of T

yr a orty ninth,

5 $ aiis present Majesty,

'* 6 of all or any of the Sum*

iy ninth, Fifty third and Fifty «t6 present Majesty, and this Act, and f,; # r, Sum or Sums of Money which may from

to raise an*72/<d, for the Purpose of redeeming or purchasing Pounds in<;/' , r any of them; and that the several Persons who said red7'kne said Sums of Money or any Part thereof, and their Years '/ .^fligns, shall Hand upon the same Footing as the Holden at ar Unities which shall be redeemed or purchased with the Mo-An v'jrtnced by them respectively: Provided always, that such Sums fa rffroej shall be applied solely to the Redemption or Purchase of

jvf«p of the new jund and Book of Reference to remtin in the

/{Annuities, and to and for no other Use, Trust, Intent or Pur-

whatsoever: Provided also, that the borrowing or raising any

J^fti or Sums for the Redemption or Purchase of such Annuities shall pot prejudice or in any manner affect the Rights and Securities of .(be Holders of the Bonds and Debentures hereby authorized to be i/fued.

VI. And Whereas it is desirable that the Road intended to be made from the Foot of the said Bridge to near the Obelisk in Saint George's Fields in the County of Surrey, should be altered, and also widened at the End thereof nearest the said Obelisk: And Whereas the said Company have deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the

+County of Surrey a Map or Plan describing and delineating the intended Line of the said Road, and the several Lands, Buildings and Hereditaments which will be required to be taken and used for

completing the same, and which are described in the Schedules to: the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth. Fifty third and Fifty sixth ' Years of the Reign of His present Majesty and this Act annexed,

+or some of them, and have also deposited with the said Clerk of the Peace a Book of Reference containing Lists of the Names of the Owners or reputed Owners and Occupiers of the Lands, Buildings and Hereditaments to be taken and used by virtue of this Act Be it therefore further enabled, That the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference shall remain in the Custody of the said Clerk of

the

1818. 58° GEO. III. C. xxviii.

453

the End that all Persons interfiled therein may at all

ie8 ^ave Liberty to insped and peruse the same, and

Extrads thereof at their Will and Pleasure, paying

he Peace the Sum of One Shilling for every such

" the Rate of Sixpence for every One hundred r- or Extrade of the said Map or Plan and

said Company are authorized by the said

02

; nth. Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years Majesty, or one of them, to take and 'tioned, such of the Lands, Buildin the said Map or Plan, and red, as are distinguished by % Schedule; Be it therefore said Company to alter and^' of the said Bridge to

ifc manner described and.to take and purchase, for of the Forty ninth, Fifty third Reign of His present Majesty, and Buildings and Hereditaments mentionediS Ad annexed, as are not therein distinguished - which the said Company are not already authorized - recited Acts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty.ears of the Reign of His present Majesty, or one of them, to vC -zmd use as aforesaid.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Coir»t-l>any have full Power and Authority tc alter and widen the ftvd ftoad, and to complete the same in the manner described and ^0cated in the said Map or Plan, and may purchase and take Possessikon, for the Purposes of the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth, pifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, rod this Act, of any of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments requisite for the Execution of the said Works, notwithstanding any Error or Omission, or incorrect Description in the said Map or Plan or Book of Reference, or in the said Schedule, in case it shall appear to any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the County of Surrey, and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that such Error, Omission or incorrect Description proceeded from Mistake.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the several Tolls authorized to be demanded and taken by the said Company upon the said s Bridge and Roads by the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or any of them, mall be and the same are hereby repealed; and that instead thereof there shall be demanded and taken at all such Toll Gates, Bars or Turnpikes as are now eroded, or which shall hereafter be eroded, on the said Bridge, before any Person using the said Bridge as a Footway, or any Horse, Mule, Afs or other Cattle, or Carriage, Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Vessele, shall be permitted to pass through any such Gate, Bar or Turnpike upon the said Bridge, the respective Tolls following; (that is to say, )

G g 3 Fdr

Custody of the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Surrey.

Road towards the Ohelitk in St. George's Fields may be widened;

notwithstanding Midaket in Book of Reference.

Present Toil* repealed.

454

C. xxviii.

58° GEO. III. A.D. 1818.

For each and every time of passing over the said Bridge,

New Toll*. For every Foot Passenger, a Sum not exceeding One Penny

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Vis-a-vis, Chariot, Chaise, Calash and Pleasure Carriage, and for every Hearse, Litter or other such Carriage, having more than Two Wheels, and drawn by Six Horses, or other Beans of Draught, a Sum not exceeding One Shil-

r or any of the like Carriages or Vesseles drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts of Draught, a Sum not exceeding Sixpence

For any of the like Carriages or Vesseles drawn by One Horse or other Beail of Draught, a Sum not exceeding Four pence:

For every Chaise, Chair, Taxed Cart, Curricle or other such like Carriage on Two Wheels, and drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts of Draught, a Sum not exceeding Sixpence

For any of the like last mentioned Carriages or Vesseles drawn by One Horle or other Bead of Draught, a Sum not exceeding Three pence:

For every Horse or other Beail of Draught drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Dray, Truck, Sledge or fuen like Carriage, laden or unladen, a Sum not exceeding Two pence

For every Wheelbarrow or Truck, not drawn by any Horse or other Bead of Draught, a Sum not exceeding One Penny Halfpenny

For every Horse, Mule or Afa, laden or unladen, and not drawing, a Sum not exceeding Two pence

For every Score of Oxen or Neat Cattle, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number, a Sum not exceeding Eight pence: For every Score of Calyes, Hogs, Sheep or Lambs, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number, a Sum not exceeding Four pence.

Cuper's Bridge Stairs to be diC-coniinued.

X. And Whereas the said Company have built and constructed

Two Sets of Stairs or Plying Places at the Surrey End of the £md 4 Bridge, and the same are now used in lieu of the Stairs or Place called Cuper's Stairs, otherwise Cupels Bridge Stairs s And Whereas that Part of the Street, formerly called Narromt Wall- which lies on the South Side of the Wharf belonging to the said

Company, formerly the Property of Jervoi/e Clarke Jeri>oise % and which formed the Access to the said Stairs or Place called Cupels Stairs, otherwise Cuper's Bridge Stairs, has been Hopped up, and is vested in the said Company by virtue of the said recited Act of the Fifty sixth Year of His laid present Majesty's Reign, the said Company having made a new Road in lieu of the said Street called Narrow Wall: And Whereas it is expedient to make some Regulations as to the Behaviour of Watermen plying for Hire near the said Bridge; Be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the said Stairs or Plying Place called Cupels Stairs, otherwise Cuper's Bridge Stairs, shall be shut up and discontinued as a Public Plying or Landing Place for Watermen and others navigating upon the River Thames; and that it shall not be lawful for any Waterman or Watermen to ply for Hirt» or assemble at the said

Stairs

C. xxviii.

45&

Stairs or Plying Place, nor to ply for Hire or attemble upon any Part of the Footways or Roads by the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of Hfs present Majesty, or this Act, authorized to be made, but only at the Stairs or Plying Places built and con (traded by the said Company, and in the Recedes within the Footways at the Ends of the said Bridge; and that if any Waterman shall offend herein, or shall obitrud or moled any Person or Persons in his, her or their Passage over the said Bridge or Roads by the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth. Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or this Act, authorized to be erected and made, or shall use scurrilous, blasphemous, indecent or abufiye Language to any Person or Persons upon any Part of the said Bridge and Roads, it shall be lawful for any Collector or Receiver of the Tolls or any other Person to seize such Offender, and by the Authority of this Act, without any other Warrant, to convey him before any Justke of the Peace for the County in which such Offence shall be committed; and such Waterman, upon being thereof lawfully convicted before such Justice of the Peace, either upon his own Consession, or upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses ( which Oath the said Justice is hereby authorized and empowered to adminULer), shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XI. And Whereas the said Company have made and conffruded certain Parts of the Roads at each End of the Bridge upon Arches* Be it further enacted, That the said Company shall have full Power and Authority to grant a Lease or Leases of the said Arches, or any of them, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, for such Term or Terms of Years, and for such Considerationr, in gross Annual Rents or other Coropensations, and on such Conditions, as to the said Company shall seem meet; and the Amount of such Annual Rents, and the Interest of such Considerations or Compen-fatiooa in gross (such Considerations or Compensations in gross to be invested in some of the Parliamentary Stocks or Funds, or on Govern* meat or Real Securities, at Interest in the Names of the Treasurers), shall be paid, applied and disposed of as the Tolls received upon the said Bridge are by the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty dx* reded to be applied and disposed of.

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the Committee of the said Company shall have full Power and Authority to appoint such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers of the Rates and Tolls, as to the said Committee shall seem meet; and also from time to time to remove any such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, and to nominate and appoint another Person or Persons in his or their Room ov Stead, taking liich Security from every such Collector or Receiver, for the [due Executon of his Office, as the said Committee shall think proper; and the said Committee shall have the full and entire Controul and Superintendence over the said Collectors and Receivers; any thing in the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or any of them, to the contrary thereof m any wise notwithstanding.

Watermen of* fending may be* feixed.

[Penalty.]

Company may lease Arches upon which the* Roads are made;

Committee of Company may appoint and remove Tollmen*

XIII. As*

456

C. xxviii.

58° GEO. III. A.D. 181&.

Certain Roads in Surrey placed under the Direction of the Trustees of the Surrey Nee Roads;

XIII. And Whereas in pursuance of the said recited Acts of thr*Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, the said Company have set out and made a Road from the said Bridge to the Road leading from Blackfriars Read aforesaid to the Marsh Gate, and are about to continue the same from the said lad mentioned Road to near the Obelisk in Saint George*i Fields; and the said Company haye also set out and made a Road from the End of Stamford Street, Blackfriars Road, into the said first mentioned Road; and the said Company are now making a Road from the Road so intended to be continued to the Obelisk as aforesaid, into the Westminfir Road, partly through and by means of a certain Street called Oakley Street; and the said Company are authorized by the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His said present Majesty, or some or one of them, to continue the aforesaid Road from the End of Stamford Street aforesaid into the Westwun- fir Road: And Whereas the said Company are willing and have proposed to the said Trustees of the Surrey New Roads to rehnquish to them the Controul, Superintendence and Management, and the repairing, lighting and watching of the said Roads already node or hereafter to be made, when and as the same shall be completed 4-and made fit for the Use of the Public, freed and discharged from all Mortgages, Annuities, Application of Tolls, or other Incumbrances. Securities, Engagements or Appropriations whatever; and the said Trustees of the Surrey New Roads are willing and hare consented to accept such Relinquishment when the said Roads or any of them shall be so completed and made fit for the Use of the Public, and so f/eed and discharged as aforesaid, and to undertake the Controul, Superintendence and Management, and the repairing, lighting and watching of the said Roads, or such of them as shall for the time being be so completed and made fit for the Use of the Public; Be it therefore further enacted, That the Road from the said Bridge, commencing at the North Side of the Archway under the said Road, to the Road leading from Blackfriars Road to the Marsh Gate aforesaid, and the Road from the End of Stamford Street into the said first Mentioned Road (being the Roads already set out and made as aforesaid), from and immediately after the passing of this Act, and also the Continuation of the said first mentioned Road to near the Obelisk aforesaid, and the Road from the same passing through Oakley Street aforesaid into the Westminfir Road aforesaid (being the Roads which the said Company are now making or continuing as aforesaid), and also the Continuation of the said Road from the End of Stamford Street into the Westminfir Road (which the said Company are authorized by the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or some or one of them, to set out and make), when and as the said several last mentioned Roads, or any of them, shall be completed, and Notice thereof shall be given in Writing by the Clerk of the said Company to the Clerk of the said Trustees; and upon the said Roads or any of them being so completed and made fit for the Use of the Public, to the Satisfaction of the Treasurer for the time being of the said Trustees, (such Satisfaction to be certified by Writing under his Hand, which said Certificate the said Treasuret shall, in case of Approval, sign*and give within Fourteen Days next

58° GEO. III. C. xxviii.

457

after such Notice bein^ received by the Clerk of the said Trustees,) i then, from and immediately after the Delivery of such Certificate to the Clerk of the said Company, the said Roads, or such of them as t shall be in the said Notice and Certificate mentioned and described, shall, freed and discharged as aforesaid, thenceforth be entirety under the Controul, Superintendence and Management of the said Trustees, and shall be repaired, managed, lighted and watched by them during i the Period for which they are now authorized or hereafter may be authorized by the said Acts of the Twenty sixth and Forty seventh Years of His said Majesty's Reign, or any future Act or Acts; and i the said Trustees shall have such and the same Powers and Authorities over the whole of the said Roads respectively, and to ered, place and set up Toll Gates or Bars, with suitable Toll Houses and other Conveniences thereon, or on any Part or Parts thereof, or across the same, or on the Side or Sides thereof (except as herein after provided), and to demand, take, collect and receive the same Tolls and Duties as are veiled in or given and granted to the said Trustees in and by the said recited Acts of the Twenty sixth and Forty seventh Years of the ? Reign of His present Majesty in respect of the Roads therein mentioned; and that the said Trustees shall to all Intents and Purposes

become the Trustees of the said Roads in the same manner and to the \ same Extent as they are the Trustees of the Surrey New Roads under the said Acts of the Twenty sixth and Forty Seventh Years of the Reign of His said present Majesty, with full Power and Authority to apply the Tolls which may hereafter be collected on the said Roads hereby relinquished, to the same Purposes as the Tolls collected under the said Acts of the Twenty sixth and Forty seventh Years of the Reign of His said present Majesty are directed to be applied, and which Tolls are hereby declared to be vested in the said Trustees for the said Purposes; and the several Powers, Authorities, Remedies and Provisions in and by the said recited Acts of the Twenty sixth, and Forty seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty given

' and granted, shall apply and be in Force and Effect with regard to

the Roads made and constructed, or to be made and constructed by the said Company, as fully and effectually as if such Roads were particularly mentioned, specified and included in the said recited Acts of the Twenty sixth and Forty seventh Years of the Reign of His said present Majesty; and from and after the passing of this Act, as 1 to the Roads already made and completed, and from and after the mother Roads hereinbefore mentioned, or any of them, shall have been made and completed fit for the Public, and to the Satisfaction of the said Treasurer of the said Trustees for the time being, certified in manner aforesaid, the said Company, or any Comftiissioner or other Person or Persons named, authorized and appointed in and by the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall not interfere or meddle, by themselves, their Officers, - Agents or Servants, with the said Roads, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, except for the Purpose of rebuilding, repairing or amending the Arches formed and made under the said Road leading from the said Bridge to the Obeli(k, when and as the same shall become dilapidated or out of Repair.

XIV. And be it further enacted, Th^t it shall not be lawful to or for the said Trustees. acting under and by virtue of the said recited Acts

who may Demand, &c. Tolls veiled by % 6 G. 3. c. 131. and

47 G. 3. c. cav.

And mayalt under the Powers of the said Acts.

Trustees of Surrey Mew Roads not to

C, xxviii.

58° GEO. III. A.D. 1818.

uke great erToll* nor to take any Toils nearer to the Bridge than the New Cut.

letups, fee. veiled in Trusteet of the Surrey New pLotds.

On Neglefr of Repair of Arches under the Road, Clerk of the said Trustees to give Notice in Writing to Company or Occupier; and on Neglect, dec. to repair after Notice,

T mftees may repair, and recover*Costs, and also Ioli as a Fine.

Acts of the Twenty sixth and Forty seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, to take any greater Toll on the Roads hereby authorized to be relinquished as aforesaid than the Tolls which now are or shall for the time being be payable at the Toll Gates or Bars erected or hereafter to be erected and set up on the federal R^uis therein mentioned, nor to erect, set up, build or place any Toll Gate or Bar, or to take any Toll whatever, on the Road made from the End of Stamford Street aforesaid to the Road leading from the said Bridge to near the Obeliflc in Saint George*t Fields aforesaid, or on the said Road leading from the said Bridge to the Obelisk aforesaid, nearer to the said Bridge than the Road leading from Blaekfrears Road aforesaid to the Marsh Gate aforesaid, or within Sixty Feet thereof.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Lamps, Lamp Pods, Lamp Irons, Furniture, Watch Boxes, Posts, Rads Materials and other things now erected, set up, used or placed on the said Roads hereby authorized to be relinquished as aforesaid, and belonging to the said Company, shall and the same are hereby veiled in and shall become the sole Property of the hud Trustees for executing the said Acts of the Twenty sixth and Forty seventh Years of the Reign of His hud present Majesty, from and immediately after they ftuul have accepted and taken the Care and Management of the Repair, Watching and Lighting of the said Roads and who are hereby authorized and empowered to alter, take down, remove and difoote of the same as they shall think fit: Provided always that in case the Walls built and erected by the said Company on each Side of the Road leading from the hud Bridge, or any Part thereof, shall be pulled down or removed by the said Trustees, or by any other Person or Persons who shall ered any House or Houses on the Sides of the said Roads the Materials of the said Walls or such Parts thereof so pulled down, shall be and become the Property of the said Company.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Arch or Arches under the said Road, leading from the said Bridge to the Obelisk aforesaid, shall be broken down or become dilapidated or out of repair, and the said Company or their Lessee or Lessees or the Occupier or Occupiers of the said Arch or Arches, shall neglect or omit immediately thereafter to substantially rebuild, reinstate or repair the same, then the Clerk or Surveyor for the time being of the said Tru flees shall give Notice in Writing of such Breaking-down, Dilapidations or want of Repair, to the said Company or their Clerk, or to the find Lessee or Lessees Occupier or Occupiers of the Hud Arch or Arches, immediately to rebuild, repair or amend the same; and in case the said Company, or their Lessee or Lessees or the Occupier or Occupiers of the Dud Arch or Andies shall neglect or retufe for the Space of Four Days next after Notice of such Breaking-down, Dilapidations or want of Repair as aforesaid, to proceed in such Rebuilding or Repair, then it shall be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors ns aforesaid, to cause the said Arch or Arches to be substantially rebuilt or repaired, as the case may be; and die Costs Charges and Expeseet to be incurred thereby, together with the further Sum of Ten Pounds by way of Fine or Penalty, shall be paid by the said Company, or their Treasurer or Clerk, to the Treafiutr or Txeafurers of the bid

Trustees;

C xxviii.

459

58° GEO. III

Trustees; and in case the said Company or their Treasurer or Clerk shall not pay such Sum or Sum9 as shall be so laid out or incurred in such Rebuilding or Repair, as the case may be, together with the said Sum of Ten Pounds, within Ten Days next after Notice thereof shall be left at the Office of the said Company, or at the Dwelling 1 House or last Place of Abode of their Treasurer or Clerk, (which Notice shall be in Writing signed by the said Treasurer or Clerk to 1 the said Trustees, and annexed to or written under a Bill containing an Account of such Charges and Expences,) it shall be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, in the 1 Name of their Treasurer or Clerk, and they and he are hereby

respectively authorized and empowered, to bring or cause to be brought any Action or A&iona against the said Company for the Recovery of, and therein to recover, such Sum or Sums of Money as

i shall or may he so laid out and expended or incurred, together with t the said Sum of Ten Pounds by way of Fine or Penalty, and full Costs Full Oft* of

of Suit; in which Action or Actions, no Essoign, Protection or Suk. s Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

r XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Company may Company shall at all times at their own Costs and Charges well and krctk "P f substantially support and uphold, repair, amend, preserve and keep^diet

i the Arches under the said Road from the . Bridge to the Obelisk

i aforesaid, in thorough, found and complete Repair, fit and proper

i for the Safety and due Maintenance of the said Road, and to the Satisfaction and Approbation of the Treasurer for the time being of i the Trustees for putting into Execution the said recited Acts of the Twenty sixth and Forty seventh Years of the Reign of His said pre-r sent Majesty; and that it shall be lawful to and for the said Company

\ or their Committee, and their Agents, Servants and Workmen, from

time to tine, and at all times when Occasion shall require, to come

t upon any Part of the said Road hereinbefore described, and so placed under the Controul, Superintendence and Management of the said j Trustees as aforesaid, after Six Hours* previous Notice, signed by

their Clerk, and given to the Clerk of the said Trustees, of their Intention to break up the said Road or any Part thereof, for the Purpose of rebuilding, repairing, putting or keeping in Repair all or any

j, of the said Arches (they the said Company at their own Costs and sod to fence,

i Charges fencing such Part or Parts of the Road as shall be so broken &c«Road

up, and during the Rebuilding or Repair of the said Arches, and l reinstating the said Road, protecting and preferring the Public from goo<j the lame. Damage or Accident, by placing proper Lights and Persons to guard the same, and restoring the said Road, after such Arch or Arches shall be rebuilt, repaired or amended, to the same State as before such Road was broken up, or such Arch or Arches became dilapidated or out of Repair); and in the breaking up of the said Road, rebuilding or repairing the said Arches, and restoring the said Road, all possible Diligence shall be used by the dud Company, their Agents and Servants.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it farther enafibed. That any Tollpsidst Person or Persons who shall pass through any Toll Gate or Turnpike to be erected on the Roads hereby authorized to be relinquiftied, and Ita* if° producing a Note or Ticket of the Payment of such Toll (which Surrey New Note or Ticket the Toll Collector is hereby required to deliver gratis), Road*.

shall be permitted to pass Toll-free on the same Day through all and every

450

C. xxviii.

58° GEO. III. A.D. 1818.

6 G. 3.C. 131.

47 O. 3. c. ex*.

Tower to raise a 'further Sum*

Bond* and Debenture may be assigned;

Assis omenta to beregifttiod.

9 Roads already made or hereafter to be made by them in the County of Surrey, to the Trustees of the Surrey New Roads acting under and by virtue of an Act passed in the Twenty hath Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making, widening and keeping in Repair certain Road* in the federal Pari/be* of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark* Bermondsey, and Christchurch, in the County of Surrey, and for watching and lighting the said Road*; and also of an Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for enlarging the Power* of an Act of the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for making and keeping in repair tertain Roads in the Pari/be* o/*Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark, Bermondsey and Christchurch, in the County of Surrey, and for watching and lighting the said Road*: And whereas it will also be expedient that the said Company should be authorized to alter, increase and vary the Tolls authorized to be demanded on the £ud Bridge and Roads; and that some of the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts, or some of them, should be altered, enlarged and amended May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and witlrthe Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, in case they shall deem it meet and expedient, to raise any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Seventy five thousand Pounds in addition to the several Sums authorized to be raised by the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth. Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, by borrowing the same at any Rate of Interest not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, and to issue to the several Persons who shall advance the same, or any Part thereof, a Bond or Bonds, Debenture or Debentures, for securing the same, with such Interest, under the Common Seal of the said Company; and by such Bond or Bonds De-4>enture or Debentures, to mortgage and assign the Rates and ToOs to be received and taken upon the said Bridge; and all such Bonds and Debentures shall be registered with the Clerk of the said Company, and shall, so far as regards the Intcrefls thereon, have Priority 'Over and precede all other Securities upon the said Tolls, and also all Dividends and Division of Profit or Interest upon any Sums fob-vferibed or contributed towards the said Undertaking; any thing contained in the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty Tilth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or either of them, to the contrary thereof lh atiywise notwithstanding: Provided always, that the Holders of such Bonds and Debentures shall stand upon the same Footing, the one with the other, in respect of their Right to the Payment of the Interest upon such Bonds and Debentures, without any Priority among themselves, notwithstanding the Sums of Money for which such Bonds and Debentures shall have been iffbed may have been advanced at different times.

II. And be it further enacted, That such Bonds and Debentures may be assigned and transferred in such and the like manner as Deeds of Mortgage of the Tolls of the said Bridge are by the said recited Act of the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty authorised to be assigned and transferred j and every Assignment and xx Transfer

A.D. 1818. 58° GEO. III. C. xxviii.

451

Transfer of such Bonds and Debentures dull be registered with the Clerk of the said Company, in such or the like manner as Assignments and Transfers of such Mortgage Deeds are by the same Act dtreked to be registered; and the Clerk of the said Company shall be paid for regiuering every such Bond or Debenture, and every such Assignment or Transfer, such Sum, not exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence, as the Committee of the said Company shall appoint.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for Application of the said Company to apply and dispose of the said Sum of Seventy t, ie Money, five thousand Pounds, or such Part thereof as shall be raised, in making and completing the Roads by the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth. Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty and this Act authorized to be made, and generally in carrying the said recited Acts and this Act into Execution and Effect.

IV. And Whereas the said Company have raised a great Part of Reciul thet An-the Sums authorized to be raised by the said recited Acts of the nu, t* had be*n

Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty f«th Yemnof the Reign of Hi.

present Majesty. by way of Annuity, and did agree with the several had been issued

Parties advancing such Sums that the same should be advanced under the Comby certain Instalments, in order that the Weight of such Annuities Seal;

might not fall upon the said Company before the Sums advanced th*l, some

by way of Consideration for such Annuities should be wanted for omitted to"

the Execution of the several Works authorized by the said recited apply for their Acts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Grant*, the Reign of His present Majesty: And Whereas, in order to secure Company had

the Payment of the said Annuities to the several Persons advancing

such Sums of Money, the said Company of Proprietors have issued which*Doubt*

to the said Parties certain Grants of Annuities under their Common have been enter* 4 Seal, specifying the Periods at which such Instalments should be tained.

advanced, and the several Parts of such Annuities should commence:

And Whereas same of the Persons advancing such Sums of Money having omitted to apply to the said Company for their respective Grants of Annuity until after all or same of the Periods at which such Instalments were advanced, the said Company have issued to such Persons respectively Grants of Annuity, bearing Date respectively the Days on which the same were so issued, whereas according to the Tenor and Intention thereof the same should have been dated on the Twenty third Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, the Day of Payment of the First of the said Instalments: And Whereas Doubts have arisen as to the Form of all such Grants For Remedy whereof be it further enacted.

That all such Grants of Annuities, being duly stamped according £roviso for to the total Amount of such Instalments, and all Alignments and Granu* Transfers of such Grants of Annuities, being duly stamped according to the Amount of Consideration Money payable to the Person or Persons assigning or transferring the same, shall be good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and shall be binding in Law, not only upon the said Company, but also upon all Grantees, and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns; and that such of the said Grants as by Mistake were dated subsequently to the said Twenty third Day of February One thousand right hundred and fourteen, shall be deemed and considered as bearing Date

452

C. xxviiu

58° GEO. III

A.D. 1818.

on, and shall take Effect from the Said Twenty third Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and not from the actual Date thereof: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall in any manner prejudice or affect any Question at Law or m Equity, now pending between any Parties or Persons whomsoever, relating to such Grants of Annuities or any of them, Or in any manner to prejudice or affect any Suit or Proceeding now pending between any Parties or Persons whomsoever and the said Company, touching or concerning any Arrears of Annuities or Division of Profit or Interest arising antecedent to the passing of this Act.

V. And Whereas it may be proper that the said Company should be authorized to raise Money from time to time for the Purpose of redeeming or purchasing the Annuities granted by the said Com-Power to borrow pany, or any of them* Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall for redeeming |awfuf to and for the said Company, in addition to the Several Sums -by the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, authorized to be raised, to raise by all or any of the Modes mentioned and authorized in and by the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth. Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, or any of them, for the raising of all or any of the Sums by the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, and authorized to be raised, any Sum or Sums of Money which may from time to time be required, for the Purpose of redeeming or purchasing'such Annuitiee, or any of them; and that the Several Persons who shall advance the said Sums of Money or any Part thereof, and their respective Assigns, shall stand upon the same Footing as the Holden of the Annuities which shall be redeemed or purchased with the Monies advanced by them respectively: Provided always, that such Sums of Money shall be applied Solely to the Redemption of Purchase of such Annuities, and to and for no other Use, Trust, Intent or Purpose whatsoever; provided also, that the borrowing or raising any Sum or Sums for the Redemption or Purchase of such Annuities shall not prejudice or in any manner affect the Rights and Securities of the Holders of the Bonds and Debentures hereby authorized to be issued.

VI. And Whereas it is desirable that the Road intended to be made from the Foot of the said Bridge to near the Obelisk in Saint George's Fields in the County of Surrey, should be altered, and also widened at the End thereof nearest the said Obelisk: And Whereas t the said Company have deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Surrey a Map or Plan describing and delineating the intended Line of the said Road, and the Several Lands, Buildings and Hereditaments which will be required to be taken and ofedfor«completing the same, and which are described in the Schedules to 4: the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty sixth4 Years of the Reign of His present Majesty and this Act annexed, or Some of them, and have also deposited with the said Clerk of the*Peace a Book of Reference containing Lifts of the Names of the Owners or reputed Owners and Occupiers of the Lands, Bunlding* Map of the new and Hereditaments to be taken and used by virtue of this Act Rond and Book Be it therefore further enacted, That the said Map or Plan and reimlnlnth° °°^ Reference shall remain in the Custody of the said Clerk of

58° GEO. III. C. xxviii.

453

the Peace, to the End that all Persons interfiled therein may at all seasonable times have Liberty to inspect and peruse the same, and take Copies or Extracts thereof at their Will and Pleasure, paying to such Clerk of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspect ion, and after the Rate of Sixpence for every One hundred Words of such Copies or ExtralU of the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference.

VII. And Whereas the said Company are authorized by the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth. Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or one of them, to take and use, for the Purposes therein mentioned, such of the Lands, Buildings and Hereditaments mentioned in the said Map or Plan, and in the Schedule to this Act annexed, as are distinguished by Figures in the said Map or Plan and Schedule Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company to alter and widen the said Road leading from the Foot of the said Bridge to near the Obelisk in Saint George's Fields, iii manner described and delineated in the said Map or Plan, and to take and purchase, for the Purposes of the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, such of the Lands, ' Buildings and Hereditaments mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, as are not therein distinguished by Figures, and which the said Company are not already authorized by the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or one of them, to take and use as aforesaid*

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Company shall have full Power and Authority to alter and widen the said Road, and to complete the same in the manner described and delineated in the said Map or Plan, and may purchase and take Possession, for the Purposes of the said recited Acts of the Forty ninth, Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, of any of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments requisite for the Execution of the said Works, notwithstanding any Error or Omission, or incorrect Description in the said Map or Plan or Book of Reference, or in the said Schedule, in case it shall appear to any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the County of Surrey, and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that such Error, Omission or iocorrcft Description proceeded from Mistake.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the several Tolls authorized to be demanded and taken by the said Company upon the said^ Bridge and Roads by the said re* trited Acts of the Forty ninth. Fifty third and Fifty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or any of them, shall be and the same are hereby repealed; and that instead thereof there shall be demanded and taken at all such Toll Gates, Bars or Turnpikes a9 are now erested, or which shall hereafter be erested, on the said Bridge, before any Person using the said Bridge as a Footway, or any Horse, Mule, Afs or other Cattle, or Carriage, Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Vessele, shall be permitted to pass through any such Gate, Bar or Turnpike upon the said Bridge, the respective Tolls following; (that is to say, )

G g 3 Fdr

Custody of the Clerk of the Peace for the> County of Surrey.

Road towards the Oheliflc \n St. George's Fields may be widened;

notwithstanding Mistakes in Book of Re-fereoce.

Present Tolls repealed.

464 C. xxviii. 58° GEO. III.

SCHEDULE —

A.D. 1818.

Parish and

County.

No. and Letter on Plan.

57

58

59

60

61

6a

63

64

65 65*

66

67

68

69

70 7* 7»

73

74

75

76

77

78

79

80

81

8a

83

84

85

86

87

88

89

90

9h

9a

93

94

95

Description of Property.

i

'i

School, kc.

Dwelling House Ditto Formerly vacant Ground, now Part eovered with small House s Small House Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Gardena in front Houses Small House Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Workshop Small House Ditto Ditto Ditto House and Garden Ditto Ditto Ditto

Do. Grocer's and Garden Small House

Small House Road, Webber Row Road, Ann's Place George Public House and Garden - J

Dwelling House, -for- 7 merly Public House 3

Dwelling House and \

OWNERS.

Garden

-i

Ditto Ditto Gardena or vacant3 Ground between Ba- f ron's Buildings and f Webber Row - J Formerly vacant Ground now partly covered with Tenetnemt [Dwelling House and Garden Ditto

Ditto -

Freeholders. Leaseholders. OCCUPIERS.

James Hedger Ditto Ditto Trustee* of South-^work Sunday > School -)Thomas Marfden Ditto - Trustee* of South-walk Sunday School Lakeday William Mien

Executors of)John Brans- V comb -) Ditto i

Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto T; P - William Seldon William Pritchard I Richard Grofe i Emjny'John Beick

Ditto - Ditto - Ditto - Ditto -

Ditto Ditto

James Hedger - Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto - Ditto - Ditto - Ditto - Ditto - Ditto John Willis Faulkner James Davis - Ditto - Ditto - Ditto John Willis Faulkoer Ditto - Ditto - Ditto - Rebecca Humpbrie Johu Harrington George Caytoa John Ealing William Welsh Richard Humphries James Ledger Thomss Hsrrifoa James Walker Christopher Dowling William Undeiiuye John Pitts Thomas Bryant John Edwards James ledger

Ditto Ditto - John Banfield

Ditto William Johnson - William Culher

Ditto Ditto - William Ersw

James Quallett - 5 Meffir* Elliott ? I and Co. - J John May

Ditto Ditto - Thomas Stowril

Ditto^Ditto Ditto James Hedger, Col.) Baker, John Wil- > lit Faulkner - J Ditto - Ditto - Sarah Prtfton Jolin HardcaiUe John Sheer

City of London

f Messrs. Elliott f and Co.

Trustees of Jasper Baron Ditto Ditto Trustees of Jasper? Baron - J Ditto - Ditto - James Brown Matthew Lifter Brown

A.D. 1819.

58° GEO. III. C. xxviii — xxxi,

465

SC H E DULE — continual.

Parish No. ai.d Letter Description of Property. OWNERS. 1

and -1 AOOMUirDC

1 UtLUrltKO.

Ccuity on Pl.m Freeholders. l.east holders.

96 Dwelling House an< 1 rruff ees of J afpel 1'rurtees of Jasper > Matthew Art non

Garden Baron Baron - y

I Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Thomas Shelton

*» hm W 3 C/3 K Ditto and Work (hop Ditto J Ditto Honey-? ( man, Sub lelfee J sarah Brown

Vm O >s L Ditto Dwelling- House > and Garden - { Ditto Ditto Ditto Isaac Cameron

s 91 Road, Baron's Buildings

0 0 98 Dwelling House and)Garden - ( Temple West - George Furze Abraham HiU

99 Ditto Ditto Ditto - Charles RuJby

5 too Coal Shed, fee Ditto Ditto William Ratham

> § O IOK Dwelling House and) Garden -.J Ditto James Bowertnan - lohn Summers

102 Ditto Ditto Ditto - lofeph Hip well

c I03 Ditto and Workihop Ditto Ditto - Edward Edwards

*3 104 House and Garden Ditto Ditto - Ann Bell

CO*g 105 Ditto Ditto Ditto William Croft William Cross,

M Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Henry Turney

N Ditto Ditto Ditto Jeffard William Hagley

£ O Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto -1 John Laiilier

P Ditto Ditto Ditto Narcissus Marsh Narcissus Marfti

Q 106 Garden Common Sewer Ditto ' J Commissioners John Stanton John Palfer

I of Sewers

1'Formerly Garden ")

Ground, afterwards 1

*> S-S £ w C 3 107 taken as Building 1 Ground, on Pan V Dr. Croker, Copy. holder Thomas Walls r horn as Walls

CO a-s-o 'See of which cenain I Buildings have been 1

erected - -J

a, R Garden Grouud fTrusteet of}) the 1'te Mr. f i Giblon, f Charles Hitchin-bottom.

I Copy hoi ler j

Cap. xxix.

An A£fc For continuing and amending an Act of His present Majesty, 3 G 3. c. 136. for maintaining a Road from Wearmouth Bridge to Tyne Bridgef with a Branch to SoutiV Shields, all in the County of Durham. (a)

[8th May 1818.]

[New Trifftees, ']

Cap. xxz.

An Act for repairing the Roads into and frotnahp Town of Tewkef-hury in the County of Gloucester. (a) [8th May 1818.]

[One Half Toll additional on Sundays."}

Cap. xxxi.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts, for repairing the Roads from Lobeomhe Corner in the Parish of Winter-flowt to Harnham Bridge in the County of Wilts* and from the 58 Geo. III. H h West

29 G. 2. e. s 1.

G. 3- c. 79.

34 G 3.C. 135. repealed u to the First Dill rid of Road, §1.

26 G. 2. c. 66. repealed as to publicly whipping Offenders,

$3.

C. xxxi — xxxvii. 58° GEO. III. A.D. 181S.

m 0.3. c. 74. West Corner of Sahtt Anne's Street in the City of JVnv Sam

to p«t npaUi to Landford, and other Roads in the County of Southampton.

38 G. 3. c. 38.

[8th 1818.]

[ ddditionml Trustees. Former Tolls made to cease. New Tolls fronted.]

Cap. xxxii.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Rugby, in the County of Warwick* to the Borough of Warwick* in the same County, (a) [8th May 1818.]

'[One Half additional Toll on Sundays.]

Capa xxxiii.

17 G. 3. cio6. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His 1$ G. 5. c. X4U present Majesty for repairing the Road from Halifax to Sheffield in the West Riding of the County of York* so far as relate* to the First District of the said Road from Halifax to Huddersfield, (t)

[8th May 1818.] [Additional Trustees. Royal Family exempt from Toff.]

Cap. xxxiv.

An Act for repairing the Road from Bridie Town in the Parish of Old Stratford in the County of Warwick* to the Top of Long Compton Hill in the same County, and another Road therein mentioned, in the Counties of Warwick* Worcester and Glocester.

[8th May8i8.] Uoad leading Aren Shipston Toll Gale to the Top of Long Compton Hill, ( 1.

Cap. xxxv.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Town of Sheffield in the County of York* to join the Marple Bridge Road in the Parish of Gloffbp, in the County of Derby* with a Branch to Mortimer* Road in the Parish of Hathersage* in the said County of Derby. (a) [8th May 1818.]

3 O. % . c. 9. 17G.1c. 1a.

30 0.9. C. 4O.

13 G. 3. c. 97. 37 G. 3. c. 159. repealed, as to

Cap. xxxvi.

96 O. s. c. 50. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from 4 G. 3. c. 51. the West End of the Town of Burton upon Trent in the County of

39 G. 3-4* Stafford* through the said Town, to the South End of the Town

repealed. Gf Derby in the County of Derby. (4) [8th May 1818.]

[One Half additional Toll on Sundays

Cap. xxxvii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the South End of Angel Lane, in Brampton Bier ley* to a certain Public Highway in Mexbrough; and also from Clegg?* Cottage* in Raw udrjk* to the North End of KUnbnrfi Bridge; and from the South End of the said Bridge to the West'.Rpd 4lf the Village of Hooton Roberts, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[8th May 1818.] [One Hoff additional Toll on Sundays.]

Ob

5S° GEO. III. C. xxxviii — xliv.

467

Cap. xxxviii.

An Act for diverting such Part of the public Carriage Road leading from Little Smeaton to Darrington, in the County of York, as is within the Township of Stapletons and for (hutting up and discontinuing a certain Footpath in the said Township.

[8th May !8i8.]

Cap. xxxix.

An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His present Majesty, 37 O. t. c. 148. for repairing the Road from the North End of Farnhurst Lane, to com, uued-the City of Chichester, and from Chichester aforesaid to Deikey, in the County of Sussex. (a) [8th May 1818.]

[Additional Trustees. Former Tolls to cease on Order by Trustees.

New Tolls granted.]

Cap. xl.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present 37 O. 3. c. 177. Majesty, for repairing the Roads between the Horse Shoe House continued for a 1 in Stoke Goldington, in the County of Buckingham, and the Town Yem»&c* of Northampton, and from the North Bridge of Newport Pagnel, in the said County of Buckingham, to the said Horse Shoe House. (c)

[8th May 1818.]

[.Additional Trustees.]

Cap. xli.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Lockwood to Mel-tbam and a Branch of Road to Melt bam Mills, all in the Parish of Almondbury, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[8th May 1818.] £The Royal Family exempt from Tolls.]

Cap. xlii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road be- 33 0.3. c. 181.

tween Warrington and Lower Irlam, in the County Palatine of?i° a

t a t \ 1/ o o Diviliun of Road

LansaJUr. (a) [8th May 1818.] from

Waningtoti to

DivUion of Ro*d between Ctdiihead and Lowei lrlam, § t.

Cap. xliii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road lead- 13 G.x. c. 13. ing from Studley Bridge, through the Borough of Chippenham, 17 G.a. c. 7, 7. to Pickwick, and from the East End of Chippenham Bridge to 3* c-$3*

Lower Stanton, and from the East End of the said Bridge to join 4

the Road at Draycot Ceme, in the County of Wilts. (4)

[8th May 1818.]

Cap. xliv.

An Act for continuing and amending Two Acts of His present 17 G. 3.C. 104. Majesty for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of in oart repealed, Poole; and also for repairing other Roads in and near the said

HU T.,

468

C. xliv — li.

58° GEO. III. A.D. 18IS.

29 G. 2. C. 49.

17 G. 3. c. 93.

38 O.3. c. JC. continued.

42 G. 3. c.ioS. jo G. 3. c. 119

J1 G. 3. c. 136. repealed a* to Application of Purchase Money, § ».

34 G. 3- c. 99.

jj G. 3. c. 77. 36 G. 3. c. 33. 45 G. 3. c. 72. 56 G. 3. c. 38.

36 G. 3. c. "2.

repealed at to digging Turf, &c« { 5*

Town, and from Cranborne to Coombe, with Two Branches to the Great Western Road, in the Counties of Dorset and Wilts, {a)

[8th May 1818.] [New Trustees. One Half additional Toll on Sundays.]

Cap. xlv.

An Act for continuing and amending an A d of His late Majesty and Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing several Rends leading to and from the Town of Wincantonf and the Roads communicating the rewith, in the Counties of Somerset, Wilts and Dorset. (a) [8th May 1818.]

[One Half additional Toll on Sundays.']

Cap. xlvi.

An Act for amending Two Acts of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Establishment of Chapels in the East % West and Wildmore Fens in the County of Lincoln.

[8th May 1818.]

Cap. xlvii.

An Act to amend Two Acts, passed in the Fifty second and Fifty fourth Years of His present Majesty, for inclosing the Forest of 'Delamere, in the County of Chester.

[8th May 1818.]

[His Majesty empowered to fell Hare wood Hill and Lobs Slack Jill*

meats f §6.]

Cap. xlviii.

An Act for increasing the Fund for carrying into Execution several Acts of His present Majesty, for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Levels and other Lands therein mentioned, and for improving the Navigation of the River Oufet in the County of Norfolk, and of the several Rivers communicating the rewith.

[8th May 1818.]

Cap. xlix.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining and preserving certain Commons and Wide Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Ramfeyt in the County of Huntingdon, and for repealing a certain Act therein mentioned.

[8th May 1818.]

Cap. 1.

An Act for draining and improving Lands in the Parishes of Bray. White Waltham, Shotte/brook, Lawrence Walt bam y Binfield* R*h comb* Wargrave, Remcnham and Hurley, in the County of jBerksy and the Liberties of Whifley and Broad Hinton, in the Parish of Hurfi in the Counties of Berks and Wilts.

[8th Maty 1818.]

Cap li*

An Act for building a new Gaol and House of Correction for the City and County of the City of Exeter.

[8th May 1818.]

Cap.

A.D. 1818. 58° GEO. III. C. lii — lx.

469

Cap. lii.

An Act to alter and amend an Act for erecting and maintaining a Bridewell, Gaol, Court House and Public Offices for the Burgh of Paijley9 and County of Renfrew.

[8th May 1818.]

Cap liii*

An Act for enlarging the 'Parish Church and Church Yard of South-minster in the County of Essex.

[8th May 1818.]

Cap. liv.

An Act for cleansing, lighting, watching and otherwise improving the Town of Sheffield in the County of York.

[8th May 1818.]

Cap. lv.

An Act for lighting with Gas the City of Bath, and the Liberties and Precincts thereof, and that Part of the Parish of Walcot which lies without the Liberties of Bath9 and the Parish of Batbwici, in the County of Somerset, and for constructing Ga-fometers and other Works therein, and in the Parish of Wejion, in the said County.

[8th May 1818.]

Cap. lvi.

An Act for lighting with Gas the Town and Neighbourhood of Leedj9 in the Borough of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[8th May 1818.]

Cap lvii.

An Act for lighting with Gas the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham.

[8th May 1818.]

Cap. lviii.

An Act for providing an additional Burial Ground for the Parish of Saint Giles9Reading9 in the County of Beris9 and a Room for the Use of the Minister in performing the Burial Service; and for flopping up One of the Footpaths over the present Church Yard of the said Parish.

[8th May 1818.]

Cap. lix.

An Act for better paving, cleansing, lighting, watching and improving the Streets, Lanes and other Public Places and Passages of the City of Aherdeen9 and the Roads and Avenues within the Freedom and Royalty thereof $ and for supplying the Inhabitants of the said City with Water.

[23d May 1818.]

Cap. lx.

An Act for rendering more effectual several Acts of His present Majesty, for draining certain Low Lands on both Sides of the River Witham9 and in IVildmore Fen9 and in the West and Eqfl Fens, and other Low Lands adjoining or contiguous thereto, in the County of Lincoln.

[23d May 1818.]

Gap

JJ G. j. c. 56.

9 0.3 c. 32.

41 G. 3. c. cxxxv. in ptrt repealed,4.

43 G. 3. t.cxviii* 49 G. 3. C. 0U. 53 G. 3. c. ecu

470 Clxi, lxii. 58° GEO. III. A.D. 1818.

40 G. 3. c.)vii.

44 G. 3.

44 0.3. c.too.

45 G.3, c.lviii.

44 G«3. c.Hx.

4? G. 3. c. v*

Seffl

4$ G, 3. c.clvi

Cap. lxi.

An Act for ereAing and maintaining a Harbour, and Works coo-nected therewith, in the Bay of Portneffock, at JCtrkmasden within the Barony of Logan, in the County of Wtgfon.

[23d May 1818.]

Cap. Ixri.

An Act to amend the federal Acts passed for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London.

[23d May 1818.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London: And Whereas another A A was passed in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution an Act passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London: And Whereas another A A was passed in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for warehousng Goods within the Limits of certain Docks made under an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London, ' and to make Regulations relating to the said Docks: And Whereas another A A was passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for extending the Powers and Provisions of the said Act: And Whereas another Act was passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to alter and amend several Acts passed in the Fortieth, Forty fourth and Forty fifth Years of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, nr e greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for other the Purposes in the said Act mentioned; and for enlarging the Powers thereby granted to the London Dock Company: And Whereas another A A was passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable the London Dock Company to purchase certain Waterworks in the Pa-rijhet of Stratford, West ham, Bow, Bromley, Mile End and Step, ney, and other Part/bes adjacent, and to amend the several Act for making Wet Docks and Other Works, for the Accommodation of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London: And Whereas another A A was passed in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to alter and

A.D. 1818. 58° GEO. III.

C.lxii.

471

amend federal Acts faffed in tie Fortieth, Forty fourth. Forty fifth,

Forty finth and Forty seventh Years of His present Majesty, for making Iffet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shisting, Commerce and Revenue,

within the Port of London, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned relating the reto} and to enlarge the Powers and Authorities*by the fold Acts granted to the London Dock Company: And 50 G. 3. c.di.

Whereas another Act was passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for ratfing a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution the several Acts passed for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shisting, Commerce and Revenue,

within the Port of London: And Whereas another Act was patted 5* 3* c.slix.

in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the Rates and Charges to be received by the London Dock Company upon Wines and Spirits landed and warcbe d in the London Docks: And Whereas another Act 3*

was pa 1 in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for allowing further time for the Completion of the Docks, Entrances and other Works and Buildings belonging to the London Dock Company: And Whereas another J40.3. c.si. 4 Ad was passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for enlarging and amending the Powers and Provisions of the fevered Acts for making the Lon dp n 4 Docks: And Whereas another Act was passed in the Fifty fifth $5 0-3*e*yh 4 Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the several Acts passed for making Wet Docks, Basons,

Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shisting, Commerce and the Revenue, within the Port of London, and for ratfing a further Sum of Money for the Completion of the said Works:

+And Whereas the time within which the said Company was empowered to make and enforce Purchases of Houses, Lands, Tenements or Premises, for the Purposes of the said Acts, expired in the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven, and the time limited for the Completion of the Docks, Entrances and other Works and Buildings of the said London Dock Company, under and by virtue of the said Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, will expire on the Twentieth Day of June in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and twenty: And Whereas it is found that the Entrance to the said Docks at the Hermitage, and the Works belonging thereto, cannot be completed unless the Powers in the said first recited Act contained for making Purchases, which have expired as aforesaid, be revived and continued in manner and to the Extent herein after mentioned: And Whereas it is also necessary that the said recited Acts, or some of them, or the Provisions thereof, should be amended, and that further and additional Powers should be granted to the said Company for the Completion of the said Docks and the Entrances thereto,

And for rendering the Establish*

asent of the said Docks more effectual for the purposes recited in the said Acts, and that further time should be given for completing the said Docks May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be eaaded \ and be it eaaded by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

Hh it

and

C. lxii.

A.D. 18IS

58° GEO. III.

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled. Period so- Com- and by the Authority of the same, That the Period limited by the plet on of Docks said ]a{t recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year aforesaid, for the Com-exunded. pletion of the said Docks, Basons, Entrances, Cuts, Quays and

Wharfs, and other Works and Buildings authorized to be made, erected and built by the said London Dock Company, under the said several Acts, shall be and the same is hereby extended to the Twentieth Day of June in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and twenty three.

Former Powers H. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Authorities, forc«ntinUe " Protons, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, matters and things in

rc ' relation to the making, building and completing all or any of the

Docks, Basons, Entrances, Cuts, Quays, Wharfs and other Works and Buildings aforesaid authorized to be made under the Provision of the said recited Acts, or any or either of them now in force, re-la; ing to the Completion of the said Docks of the said London Dock Company, shall be and remain and continue in full Force and Effect for the rurposes of the said several recited Acts and this Act, - for the Completion of the Docks, Basons, Entrances, Cuts, Wharfs and other Works and Buildings of the said London Dock Company, during such further and extended Period as last aforesaid, as fully fn all respects, and to all Intents and Purposes, as if such further and extended Period had been given by the said recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year aforesaid, and as if all such Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, matters and things had been severally and specially and particularly re-enacted in and Part of this Act.

III. And Whereas it is found that the several Pieces or Parcels

of Land or Ground, Messuages, Tenements.or Dwelling Houses, and other Erections and Buildings, or the Ground and Sod whereon

the same Hand, and other the Hereditaments and Premises herein after

+particularly mentioned and described, which lie contiguous to the said Docks and Works, and are partly within and partly without and beyond the Limits in the said first recited Act mentioned, are necessary for the Purpose of completing and finishing the said Entrance at the Hermitage Dock, and for the forming and making of such Brick or Stone Wall as by the said first recited Act is required and directed to be made and built, for surrounding and inclosing the Bason and other Works at such Entrance, so far as the same shall or may be used for the unloading of Ships, and in order that such Wall may not be built within less than Thirty Feet of any surrounding

Buildings*

[The Company

Be it therefore further enacted, That at any

empowered to time or times within the Term of Five Years from the time of the

Land^m°re Pan8 this Act, it shall be lawful for the Directors and Managers

an*of the Concerns of the said Company, or any Thirteen or more of

them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to contract and agree, and to employ any Person or Persons to contract and agree with the Owner or Owners, Occupier ot Occupiers of, and to purchase from them for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and of this Act, the several Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground, with the Messuages or Dwelling Houses, Workshop, Yard* and other Hereditaments herein after described and more particularly mentioned; that is to say, a certain angular Piece of Land or Ground on the Wellern Side, and being Part of the Yard belonging to the Cooperage

A.D. 1818. 58° GEO. III. C. bi'i.

473

of Messieurs Hovil and Tumor on the Northern Side of Hermitage Street, and containing on the South Eastern Side thereof Fifty two Feet of Assize, little more or less, and being in the Parish of Saint John, Wapping; also a certain other angular Piece of Ground, together with Part of a Shed thereon, also conilituting and forming Part of the said Yard, and containing on the South Eastern Side thereof Sixty two Feet of Assize, little more dr less, and like wife situate on the Western Side of the same Yard; and also a certain Piece of Land or Ground now vacant and unoccupied, and a Messuage or Dwelling House, Workshop and Yard, with the Appurtenances thereto belonging, now also vacant and unoccupied, situate on the Southern Side of Redmead Lane, and numbered Eighteen and Nineteen, the same being situate in the Parish of Saint George, Middlesex, commonly called Saint George in the East; and all the said Pieces or Parcels of Land, Messuages or Dwelling Houses, Work (hops. Yards and Premises, being within the Limits in the said first recited Act mentioned and set forth; and also all those Five Messuages or Dwelling Houses, with their respective Appurtenances, situate on the Northern Side of Wapping High Street aforesaid, and numbered respectively Seven, Eight, Nine, Ten and Eleven; and also all those Five Messuages or Dwelling Houses, with their respective Appurtenances, situate in Half Moon Court, numbered respectively Eight, Nine, Ten, Eleven and Twelve, together with the Messuage or Tenement with the Appurtenances, in the said Court, numbered Thirteen, and extending Eastward from the said Court to the Rear or Back Part of the Messuage or Dwelling House numbered Ten, on the Western Side of Little Hermitage Street; and also the Messuage or Dwelling House, with the Appurtenances, situate on the Western Side of Little Hermitage Street aforesaid, now or late in the Occupation of Gloag j all which said Twelve Messuages or Dwelling Houses and Premises last mentioned, are in the Parish of Saint John Wapping aforesaid, and lie without and beyond the Limits in the said first recited Act mentioned, and together with the said Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground, Messuage or Dwelling House, and Premises hereinbefore mentioned, are found requisite to be purchased, taken, pulled down and removed, and the Ground or Soil thereof made use of for the forming, making and completing of the Bason and Entrance to the said Docks at or near the Hermitage aforesaid, and the surrounding Wall or Space, and other Works necessary thereto.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if the Owner or Owners, Lessee or Lessees, Occupier or Occupiers of the Dwelling House, Counting House, Workihops, Cooperage, Sheds, Garden and Yard on the Northern Side of Great Hermitage Street, known by the Name of Hovil and Tumor's Cooperage, and now in their Occupation, should be unwilling to sell or dispose of the several Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground herein before described as a certain angular Piece of Land or Ground on the Western Side, and being Part of the Yard belonging to the said Cooperage, and as a certain other angular Piece of Land or Ground, together with Part of a Shed thereon, and constituting and forming other Part of the said Yard, or of their Rights or Interests therein, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Directors and Managers of the Concerns of the London Dock Company, or any Thirteen or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and required, at the Option of any Owner or Owners,

Lessee

Company to purchase whole of Premises if required.

474

C. lxii.

58° GEO. III.

A.IX 1818.

Lessee or Lessees, Occupier or Occupiers thereof to purchase the whole of such Ground, Messuages, Cooperage, Buildings and Prettifies, and the Rights and Interests of* any of such Persons therein respectively; and if such Owner or Owners, Lessee or Lessees, Occupier or Occupiers, or any of them respectively, shall not or cannot agree with the said London Dock Company for the Price or Prices to be paid for the Purchase of the whole of such Ground, Messuages, Cooperage, Buildings and Premises, Rights and Interests respectively as aforesaid, then the Value thereof respectively shall b£ settled and ascertained by a Jury or Juries, in such manner as the Price for any Land to be taken in pursuance of the said recited Ada and this Act is directed to be settled and ascertained by the said first recited Act and this Act; and all such other Proceedings shall take place respecting the said Ground, Messuages, Cooperage, Buildings and Premises, Rights and Interests aforesaid respectively, and the Money to be paid for the Purchase thereof respectively, as are mentioned and directed in the said first recked Ad and this Act with respect to the Premises the Value whereof shall be ascertained by a Jury or Juries in manner aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for xlvii. tk* Directors and Managers of the Concerns of the said Company, extended to this* or any Thirteen or more of them, and they are hereby authorised Art. and empowered, by themselves, their Engineer, Surveyors, Agents

and Workmen, and any other or other B with whom they shall or may contract and agree in the Premises, to have, use and esercsfe, from henceforth and during the said further Period of Five Years, hereby granted, such and the same or the like Powers and Authorities for the Completion tif the said Entrance at the Hermitage aforesaid, and for the making, enforcing and completing of such Purchase* as aforesaid, and carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said Acts and of this Act, and for the obtaining, taking Possession of, and using and employing the said Dock called Hermitage Dock, and Bridge, with all its Rights and Boundaries in the said first recited Act mentioned, and also all and singular the said Pieces or Parcels of Land or Ground, Messuages or Dwelling Houses, Yard, Hereditaments and Premises hereby authorised to be purchased as aforesaid, as by the first Ad recited were given to the said Directors during the Tfcrm of Years by the said Act fimited as aforesaid $ and all and singular the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, ' Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, matters and things in the said recited Acts or any of them contained, shall be in full Force and Effect in relation to and for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and of this Act, from henceforth and during the said further Period of Five Years hereby granted, as fully, beneficially and effectually, and in the same or the Eke manner in all Respeds (except as far as the same is or are by this Act altered or varied), as if the same and every Part thereof bad been included in the said first recited Act, and as if the said further Period of Five Years had been granted by the said first recited Act, and continued by the said subsequent Acts or any of them, and as if the same were severally and specially re-enacted in and formed Part of this Act; any thing in the said recited Acts or any or either of them contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Exrenrei of

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury or Juries to

jonss how to be be summoned and (worn pursuant to the Directions and under the Au-ptkt thority

A.D. 1818. 58° GEO. III. C. lxii.

475

thority of the said recited Acts and of this Act, shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money, as a Recompence and Satisfaction to any Person or Persons for his, her or their Right,

Interest or Property in any such Lands or Hereditaments as aforesaid, or for any Loss or Damage to be sustained by any such Person or Persons, than what shall have been agreed to and offered by or on behalf of the said London Dock Company, as a Recompence and Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest and Property, or for any Loss or Damage as aforesaid, before the summoning and returning of such Jury, then and in every such case of Difference the Colts and Expences of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining of such Difference, shall be borne and paid by the said London Dock Company, or their Treasurer for the time being; but if any Jury or Juries so to be summoned and sworn shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more or for less Money than shall before the summoning and returning of such Jury or Juries have been agreed to and offered by or on the behalf of the said London Dock Company, as a Recompence and Satisfaction' for any such Right, Interest or Property, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid, that then the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences as aforesaid, shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said London Dock Company shall have such Difference, which Costs and Expences (having been ascertained and settled by some one Justice of the Peace of the said County of Middlesex> not interested in the matter in cgueftion, who is hereby required to examine and settle the same at a time and Place to be by him appointed, after summoning the Parties interested to attend him for that Purpose) shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged; or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the same be not paid upon Demand, after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, shall and may be recovered by the Treasurer of the said Company, by such Ways and Means as in and by the said recited Acts are provided for the Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures incurred under the said recited Acts: Provided always, that in all cases where any Person or Persons shall by reason of Absence have been prevented from treating, the whole of such Costs and Expences shall be borne by the said London Dock Company, and paid by their Treasurer for the time being.

VII. And Whereas in and by the said Act passed in the Fortieth 40 G. 3. c. ilv»

Year of the Reign of His Majesty, it was among other things

enacted, that if the said Dock Company should at any time make reFMl#d'

a Cut aero fa Wrapping Street, at or near the Hermitage, into a Bason or Basons within the same, they should be compellable to make, set

up and maintain in perpetual Repair, a Bridge, Drawbridge or ' Swingbridge, in the Line of tapping Street, across the said Her-8 mitage9 and also on the Wharf or Space between the said intended Bason or Basons, Dock or Docks, at or nearly adjoining the Line of Directkm from Hermitage Street to the South End of Nightingale Lane, so as to preserve the Certainty of constantly paling

to

47 6

C. lxii.

58° GEO. III. A.D. 18iS.

One Swing Cit-riage Bridge to be erected near the Hermitage, instead of the Two Bridget directed by 40 G. 3. c. xlvii. §29.

47 0.3. Sefl*. 2. c. lxxii

!n what case the London Dock Company to provide new Lines of AqueduQs, fcC* i

to be made of Cist Iron, Directions for lay* ing down the same, <Scc.; and also to provide Cocks, Valyes, &c.$

I

to and through the Hermitage, by one of the Bridges being (hut at

the time that the other might be open: And Whereas it is found

that such Two Bridges as in the said Act mentioned will not be at-

tended with any Benefit or Convenience to Commerce, or to the Inhabitants of the Parishes and Parts adjoining* Be it therefore further enacted, That so much of the said Act as directs the making of the said Two Bridges in the said Act mentioned, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that in lieu thereof the said Dock Company shall be compelled to make, and shall make, erect, set up and maintain in perpetual Repair, over and across the Entrance Lock now forming and making or about to be formed and made at the Hermitage Dock aforesaid, and as near as, may be to the Centre of the said Lock, One Swing Carriage Bridge for Carts, Carriages, Horses and Persons passing over and across the said Lock.

VIII. And Whereas by the making of the Bason and Entrance

Lock at the Hermitage hereinbefore mentioned, the aqueducts,

Mains or Service Pipes belonging to the Company of Proprietors of the East London Waterworks, incorporated by an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled An Act for better Supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Parishes of Stratford Bow, otherwise Stratford le Bow, Saint John Hackney, Saint Mary lflington, Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, and several other Parishes, Hamlets, Townships and Placu adjacent or near thereunto in the Counties of Middlesex and Essex, and which now supply with Water the Inhabitants of that Part of the Parish of Saint John Wapping, in the County of Middlesex, which lies between the said Hermitage Bason and Entrance Lock, and the Entrance of the London Docks at Bell Dock9 will be cut off, whereby the said Inhabitants would be deprived of the said Supply of Water, and the said Company of Proprietors of the Ea£ 4 London Waterworks fullain great Injury, unless Provision be made to prevent the same Be it therefore enacted, That wherever the said Bason or Entrance Lock shall cross, intersect or cut through any of the aqueducts, Mains or Service Pipes of the said Company of Proprietors of the East London Waterworks which shall have been sunk, laid or used for supplying any of the Inhabitants aforesaid with Water, the said London Dock Company shall and they are hereby required to provide, lay down and carry through, under or across such Bason or Entrance Lock, and for the Space of Twenty Feet at the lead on each Side thereof, a new Line or Lines of good and sufficient aqueducts, Mains and Service Pipes, in lieu and instead of those which shall or may be so crosted, interfered, cut through or removed, and join and connect or cause the same to be properly joined and connected with the aqueducts, Mains and Service Pipes, from whence the said aqueducts, Mains and Service Pipes so crosted, interfefted or cut through shall be removed, all which new Line or Lines of aqueducts, Mains and Service Pipes shall be made of Cast Iron, of not less than Seven Inches Diameter in the Bore, and shall be laid down and carried in the same Line or Direction as the aqueducts, Mains and Service Pipes which shall be so crosted, interfested, cut through or removed, or as near thereto as shall be convenient; and the said London Dock Company shall and they are hereby also required to find and provide and cause to be connected with the said new or other aqueducts, Mains and Service Pipes, at

or

A.D. 1818. 58° GEO. III.

C.lxii.

477

or near the Place or Places where the same shall cross or inter fe ft the Bason or Entrance Lock aforesaid, such and so many fit and proper Cocks, Valyes, Pumps or other Devices or Contrivances, as shall or may be necessary for the preventing of Stoppages or Obstructions, and for the more convenient and effectual Removal thereof from and out of the said aqueducts, Mains and Service Pipes; and Fourteen Days' Notice in Writing shall be given to the Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors, previous to the Removal or Alteration of any aqueducts, Mains or Service Pipes belonging to the said Company of Proprietors, or the laying down of any new or other aqueducts, Mains or Service Pipes; and all such new and other aqueducts, Mains and Service Pipes, Cocks, Plugs, Valves and other Works, Devices and Contrivances, shall from thenceforth become and be deemed and taken to be the Property of the said Company of Proprietors, and to which they the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, or their Engineers, Officers, Servants and-Workmen, shall at all seasonable times have full, free and convenient Access for the Purpose of examining, cleaning, renewing, reinstating and repairing the same, as often as there may be Occasion, the said London Dock Company making reasonable Compensation and Satisfaction to the said Company of Proprietors for any extra Coils, Charges or Expences which they the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, shall or may be put to in the repairing, cleansing, renewing or reinstating of such new or other aqueducts, Mains or Service Pipes, and other Works as aforesaid; provided also, that whenever it may be necessary for the Repair or Alteration of any of the said aqueducts, Mains or Service Pipes, that the Dock called the Hermitage Dock should be emptied of the Water contained therein, and that Ships or Vessels should at that time be lying in the said Dock, of such a Built or Construction as to render it dangerous for such Ships or Vessels not to lie afloat therein, then the said London Dock Compay shall not be required to draw off the Water from the said Dock until after the Expiration of Three Tides from the Delivery of Notice, to be given for that Purpose by the said Company of Proprietors of the East London Waterworks to the said London Dock Company, at the Superintend ant's Office in the said Docks, or at the House of the Dock Matter of the said London Dock Company, and the said London Dock Company shall then cause the Water to be drawn off from the said Dock within the Period before mentioned.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in the said recited Acts or in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize or empower the said London Dock Company or any Person acting under them, to cut off, break, alter, remove or take away any of the aqueducts, Mains, Service Pipes or other Works of or belonging to the said Company of Proprietors of the Eqfl London Waterworks, or do any A a, matter or thing whatsoever, to impede the Passage or Supply of Water into or through such aqueducts, Mains or Service Pipes, until a new Line or Lines of good and sufficient aqueducts, Mains and Service Pipes, with all such Cocks, Valyes, Pumps or other Devices and Contrivances as aforesaid, shall be made and conflrusted, fixed, laid down and ready to be joined and connected with the Aauedufts, Mains and Service Pipes, from which the same shall be, or shall be intended

to

and to give Notice of removing Aqueduti*, &c.

East London Company may have Access to cleanse, &c. aqueducts, fcc.

Proviso where necetLry to empty Hermitage Dock for repairing any of the said Aqueduct, See.

London Dock Company not to cut off Supply o Water to the Eali London Company.

C. IxiL

58° GEO. III. A.D. 181*.

Mode of executing the Works at the Expence of the I ondon Dock Company for protecting the Haft London Waterworks.

Proviso for Rights of F.a(l London Wa er Company.

Treasurer may give Releases to Persons produced as Witnesses in Actions, &c. by or on behalf of London Dock Company*

to be cut off, broken or removed; and such Aquedn&s, Mwa or Service Pipes so cut off, fevered or divided, shall be joined nod caa-ncded with as much Expedition as the Nature of the Work will admit, so as to occasion as little Inconvenience as possible to the Inhabitants of the Places supplied with Water by Meant of the said aqueducts, Mains and Service Pipes.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Works hereby directed to be done or performed by the said Isadw Dock Company for the Protection and Security of the said Aquedads, Mains, Service Pipes and other Works of the said Company of Proprietors of the East London Waterworks, shall be executed at the Expence of the said London Dock Company, to the mutual Satisfaction of Two Engineers, one to be appointed by the said Inmdmw Dock Company, and the other by the said Company of Proprietors of the East London Waterworks $ and in case such Two Engineers cannot agree in respect to all or any of the several matters aforesaid, then the same shall be determined by a Third indifferent Engineer, to be appointed by the Two first named Engineers, as Umpire, before they shall proceed to act in the Execution of the Powers hereby retted in them, other wise than by the Appointment of such Umpire, who shall and be is hereby required to determine any matter in dispute that may be referred to him by the said Engineers, within Seven Days after such Reference, and hie Determination therein shall be final and conclusive.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be con (trued or taken to hinder or obstruct the Company of Proprietors of the Eafi London Waterworks, their Successors or Assigns, from holding, using, exercising or enjoying all such Right, Title, Estate, Interest, Powers, Privileges and Advantages whatsoever, which the said Company of Proprietors now lawfully have or may claim, or which they, their Successors or Assigns at any time hereafter may, can or ought lawfully to have, hold, claim, use, exercise or enjoy by virtue of the said last recited Act, made in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and also by virtue of an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the East London Waterworks to purchase certain other Waterworks, and to amend an Act of the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty* relating to the said East London Waterworks, or either of them; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That m all Actions, Suits at Law or in Equity, and in all Proceedings under the said Acts or this Act or otherwise, for any Claim or Compensation against or for or on behalf of the said Company, and also iu all Prosecutions commenced or instituted by or on behalf of the said London Dock Company, and in all Arbitrations, References or other Proceedings in or consequent upon or arising out of any of such Actions and Suits or Proceedings, it shall be lawful for the Treasurer for the time being of the said London Dock Company, in his own Name, for and on behalf of the said Company, to make, (ign, seal, execute and deliver all and every such general or other Rdeafe or Releases as may be or be deemed to be necessary for the Purpose of exonerating, releasing and discharging all and every or any Person or

58° GEO. III.

C.bcii»

479

Persons who shall or may be produced as a Witness or Witnesses in any such Actions, Suits, Prosecutions, Arbitrations, References or other Proceedings as aforesaid, from all or any Claims or Demands, which may be necessary to be released by the said Company, to qualify such Person or Persons to give Evidence as a Witness or Witnesses in any such Actions, Suits, Prosecutions, Arbitrations, References or other Proceedings aforesaid; and also in any such Action, Suit, Prosecution, Arbitration, Reference or other Proceedings, to do any other Act, matter or thing which any Plaintiff or Defendant might do in any Action, Suit, Prosecution, Arbitration, Reference or other Proceeding 5 and every such Release, Ad, matter and thing respectively, shall be as valid and efiiedual in all Respects, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing

of this Act, if any lighter, Boat or other Craft, either after having any Goods taken or unladen thereout, or which shall enter or be in the said Docks for the Purpose or under Pretext of taking or carrying Goods from or out of the said Docks, or for any other Purpose or under any other Pretext whatsoever, shall remain or continue empty in the said Docks for any longer Space or time than Twenty four Hours, k shall be lawful for the Dock Mailer or Dock Makers of the said Company, or their or any of their Assistants or Servants, to give Notice in Writing to any Owner or Owners of Inch lighter, Boat or other Craft, by Delivery of such*Notice to him, her or them, or by leaving the same at his or their Dwelling House, Counting House or Place of carrying on Trade, or by Delivery thereof to the Person or Persons in charge

of such lighter, Boat or other Craft, if any there shall be, to

remove such lighter, Boat or other Craft from and out of the said Docks; and if any such lighter, Boat or other Craft shall not be removed from and out of the said Docks within Twelve Hours

after such Notice shall be given, the Owner or Owners of every such lighter, Boat or other Craft, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings for the First Twenty four Hours, and the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every further Period of Twenty four Hours, during which any such lighter, Boat or other Craft shall remain and continue in the said Docks contrary to the Provisoes herein contained, the Payment whereof shall and may be enforced and recoverable in such manner as any other Penalty or Penalties of the like Amount or Amounts is or are recoverable by or under the said recited Ada.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all Goods, Wares or Merchandize which, from and after the passing of this Act, shall be landed in the said Docks called The London Docks, shall, when so landed, continue and be subject or liable to such and the same Claim for Freight, in favour of the Mailer and Owner or Owners of the respective Ships or Vessel from or out of which such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be so landed, as such Goods, Wares or Merchandise respectively were fubied and liable to whilk the same were on board such Ships or Vessels, and before the landing thereof; and the Directors of the said London Dock Company, or their Servants or Agents, shall and may and they are hereby authorized, ^empowered and required, upon due Notice in that behalf given to them by such Maker or Makers, or Owner or Owners, to detain

and

Regulations as to Lighters and Craft remaining empty in the Docks, &c.

If not removed on Notice by Dock Mailer, Penalty.

Goods landed in London Docks to remain subject to Freight;

and may be detained by Directors of Companies on Notice from Persons claiming Freight.

430

C. lxii — lxvii.

58° GEO. III. A.D. 1818.

Payment for totting of Wines

Jf Works are not completed. Powers of Act to ceile.

Public a a

and keep such Goods, Ware* and Merchandize in the Warehousf? of the said London Dock Company, until the respective Freight; to which the same shall be subject and liable as aforesaid shall be duly paid or satisfied, together with the Rates and Charges to which the same shall have become subject and liable.

XV. And Whereas under the Provisions contained in the Schfdule (A.) annexed to the said recited Act, passed in the Fifty fill Year of His Majesty's Reign, the Importers or Owners of Wine*in Store in the said Docks have been subjected to pay for the tailing of all such Wines: And Whereas great Inconvenience and Lodes to the Proprietors of such Wines have accrued in consequence thereof* Be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, every Person making Application at the said Docks to taste Wines in Store, under any written Order from the Proprietor thereof, shall, at or before the time of such tailing, pay for every Calk of Wine to be so tailed, the Charge by the said Act required to be paid in respect of such tailing.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Works intended to be carried into effect under the Authority of this Act, shall not be completed so as to answer the Objects of this Act within the time by this Act limited for the Completion thereof, all the Powers and Authorities given by this Act for purchasing Lands and Hereditaments, and erecting the Works hereby authorized, shall thenceforth cease and determine, save only as to so much of such Land as shall have been purchased, or'such Works as shall have been completed, within that time.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being spedally pleaded.

Cap. lxiii.

An Act for making a Railway from the Hay Railway near EardiJlej, in the County of Hereford* to the Lime Works near BurKnjU, in the County of Radnor, [23d May 1818.]

Cap. lxiv.

An Act for lighting with Gas the University and City of Oxford* and the Suburbs of the said City.

[23d May 1818.]

Cap. lxv.

An Act for lighting with Gas the Town and Parish of Sheffield, in the County of York, [23d May 1818.]

Cap. lxvi.

An Act for lighting with Gas the Port and Town of Liverpool and Township 0? Toxteth Pari, in the County of Lane offer,

[23d May 1818.]

Cap. lxvii.

An Act for lighting the City and Suburbs of Edinburgh and Pbces adjacent with Gas.

[23d May 181S.]

13 Caf,

A.D. 1818. 58° GEO. III. C. lxviii.

481

Cap. lxviii.

An Act for enabling the Southwark Bridge Company to raise a further Sum of Money, and to amend the Alta for building the said Bridge.

[23d May 1818.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for ereSing 4 a Bridge over the River Thames, from or near The Three Cranes in the Parishes of Saint James, Garlick Hithe, and Saint Martin*Vintry, tn the City of London, to the opposite Bank of the said Rivert in the Parish of Saint Saviour, in the County of Surrey, and for making proper Streets and Avenues to communicate therewith: And Whereas an Act was passed in the Fifty third Year of the c Reign of Hit said Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, for ereSing a Bridge over the River Thames, from the City of London, to the opposite Bank, in the Parish of Saint Saviour, in the County of Surrey :And Whereas an Act was passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An Act to amend Two Acts of His present Majesty, for ereSinf a Bridge over the River Thames, from the City of London to the opposite Bank in the County of Surrey: And Whereas the said Company have proceeded in the Execution of the several Works authorized by the said recited Acts, and have nearly completed the said Bridge, and Part of the Roads therein mentioned: And Whereas for the more speedy and effectual Completion of the Remainder of the said Bridge, Roads and Works, it will be expedient that the said Company shouM be authorized to raise a further Sum of Money, and that the said Acts Should be amended May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to raise a further Sum of Money not exceeding One hundred thousand Pounds over and above the Sums authorized to he raised by the said Acts, in manner herein after mentioned $ and by all, or any or either of the Ways or Means by which the said Company are authorized to raise any Money, by virtue of the said recited A&9, o* either of them.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are nereby authorized and empowered, from time to time to grant any Bond or Bonds, under the Common Seal of the said Company of Proprietors, for any Sum or Sums of Money, not being less than the Sum of One hundred Pounds on each Bond, with Interest for the same not exceeding the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be raised and collected by virtue of the said recited Acts, not exceeding in the whole the said Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Committee or Court of Direction of the said Company, from time to time to make Sale and dispose of all or any of the said Bonds to be granted as aforesaid, either by Private Contrail or Public Sale, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, for the bell Price 58 Geo. III. I i or

51 G. 3- c.dxvi.

530.3*.

c. lxxivii.

56 G. 3. c. xi.

Power to raise an additional Sum of Money.

Company may grant Bonds.

Power to fell f.ich Bonds.

482

C. lxviii.

58° GEO. III. A.D. 1818.

Holden of Bonds to (land on equal Footing.

Company may renew promissory Notes issued under former Alts.

General Power to raise Money remaining to be raised under former Alls.

Royal Family free from Toll.

Former Alls extended to this

A a.

or Prices in Money that can be reasonably had or obtained for the same, or to hypothecate, mortgage and assign the same as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money lent or advanced thereon, such Alignments to be entered by the Clerk to the said Company in manner directed by the said first recited Act, with fefpeH to Assignments of Mortgages or Annuities*

IV. Provided always and be it further enacted, That the Holders of such Bonds shall stand upon the same Footing the one with the other, in respect of their Right to the Payment of the Interest upon such Bonds, without any Priority among themselves, notwit h (landing the Sums of Money for which such Bonds shall have been issued may have been advanced at different times.

V. And Whereas the said Company were authorised in and by the said recited Act, or some or one of them, to raise Money by

Promissory Notes under the Common Seal of the said Company,

and it may be found convenient for the Purposes of the said Com-

party that such Notes should be renewed from time to time; Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company, from time to time as Occasion shall require, to renew any Promissory Notes already issued, or which shall or may be hereafter issued by the said Company, by issuing other Promissory Note or Notes under the Common Seal of the (hid Company in Bern thereof, as to the said Company or their Committee or Court of Direction shall Teem meet and convenient*

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company to raise all or any Part of the Monies authorised to be raised by the said recited Acts, or either of them, and which now remains to be raised by all or any of the Ways by which the said Company are authorised to raise any Money by the said recited Acts, or either of them, or by this Act, and also to dispose of any of the Shares authorized to be created hi and by the said recited Acts, as now remain unfold or unappropriated $ and allb the Shares authorised to be created by this Act» or such Part or Pam thereof as they may deem expedient, at and for such Price and Prices per Share, and to such Person or Persons as the said Committee mall from time to time think proper.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horses or Carriages belonging to Their Majesties or any of the Royal Family, or any of the Horles of His Majesty's Guards, or any Horses or Carriages conveying Persons regularly attending their Majesties or any of the Royal Family*

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Ada of the Fifty first, Fifty third and Fifty fixtk Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Privileges, Penalties, Forfeitures, matter* and things whatsoever therein contained, (o far as the same are not hereby altered or repealed, shall extend, and be deemed and conftmed to extend, to operate and be in full Force and Effect with respect to all matters and things to be done, or which shall arise in the Execution of this Act, as fully and effedu&lly to all Intents and Purposes at if the same and every of them, and every Part thereof, were repeated and re-enacted in this Act, and made Part thereof*

IX. And Whereas the said Company have made and coastni&ed

certain Parts of the Roads at each End of the Bridge upon Arches, 9

Be

A.D. 1818. 58° GEO. III. C. lxviii — lxxiv.

Be it farther enacted, That the said Company shall have full Power and Authority to grant a Lease or Leases of the said Arches, or any of them, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, for such Term or Terms of Years, and for such Considerations, or Rents or other Corapenfationa as to the said Company shall seem meet; and the Amount of such Considerations, Rents or Compensations shall be paid, applied and difjposed of as the Tolls received upon the said Bridge are by the said recited Acts directed to be applied and disposed of.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. lxix.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Bromley in the County of Surrey, to Ridgewick in the County of Sussex. (a)

[13d May 1818.] [One Half additional Toll on Sunday*."]

Cap. Ixx.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Turnpike Road leading from Uherftone to KendaU into the Turnpike Road leading from Millthorp to Kendal, and a Continuation of the said Road from the last mentioned Turnpike Road to join the Turnpike Road leading from Lancaster to Kendal.

[23d May 1818.] [One Half additional Toll on Sunday*.]

Cap. lxxi.

An Act for more effectually converting into Money the Statute Labour in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright; for repairing the Highways, Bridges and Ferries therein; and for making and maintaining certain Turnpike Roads within the said Stewartry.

[23d May 1818.

Cap. lxxii.

An Act for repairing the Road from Chipping Campden, in the Covaty of GloueeJUr % to Clifford Side Gate in the Parish of Old Stratford, in the County of Warwick. (6) [23d May 1818.]

Cap. lxxiii.

An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of several Acts for repairing the Roads from Bqfingjtoke9 through Popham Lane, Sutton Scotney and Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, to a Place called Lebcomb Corner, in the County of Wilt*, (t)

[23d May 1818.]

[ Additional Trustee*.]

Cap. lxxiv.

An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His Majesty's Reign, for raising a Fund for making Provision for the Widows of the Writers to His Majesty's Signet in Scotland.

[23d May 1818.]

I i 2 Cap.

S3

Company may lease Arches under (he Roads.

Public Acth

aoG.3. c. 24. 3*» G. 3. c. 15. repealed.

23 G. a. c. 46. 16 G. 3. c. 67. 37 G. 3. c. 150. continued for 21 Years, fee.

43 G. 3. c. evil.

484

C. lxxv — lxxx.

A.D. 1818. 58° GEO. III.,

5*0.3:

c.clndii.

41 G. 3. c.l*xvi. continued for it Years, dec.

41 ©. 3. (U.K.) c. cxvi.

18 G.l. C. 31. repealed as to poorer to Truf-teta to administer Oaths, §33. 17 G. 3. c. 96. 33 O* 3* c* »*9-50 G. 3. c. xcvii. continued for 11 Years, he.

31 O.3.C. 41.

Cap. lxxv.

An Act to explain and amend an Act of the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Improvement of the Harbour of Kidwelly, and for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal or Tramroads in Kiawelly ana Llanelly, and other Part/hes therein mentioned, in the County of Carmarthen; and to alter and enlarge the Powers thereof.

[28th May 1818.]

Cap. lxxvi.

An Act to continue the Term, and to amend, alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Forty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repealing an Act of the Twenty fifth Year of His said present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Stones, End in Blackman Street in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to Highgate in the County of Sussex, and other Roads therein mentioned; and for making a new Road from Kenning ton Lane to Camberwell Green, in the said County of Surrey. (c) [28th May 1818.]

[.Additional TrusteesJ\

Cap. lxxvii.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the Forty first Year of His present Majesty, for draining, dividing and inclosing a Common called Crowland Common, otherwise Goggu/h-land, and certain Open Half Year's Meadow, Commonable and Waste Grounds, called the Washes and Fodder Loti, in, adjoining or near the Township of Crowland, in the County of Lincoln.

[30th May 1818.]

Cap. lxxviii.

An Act for repairing, widening and improving the Lower Road leading from the Town of Greenwich to the Town of Woolwich, in the County of Kent. (b) (30th May 1818.]

[The Royal Family free from Tolls f]

Cap lxxix.

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Four Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to, through and from the Town of Monmouth; and for making Two Pieces of Road to communicate therewith, (c) [tft June 1818.]

[Our Half additional Toll on Sundays. 2

Cap lxxx.

An Act to provide additional Salaries to the present Clerks in the Report Office of the High Court of Chancery, and to provide additional Clerks for the said Office; and for making further Provision for the Clerks in the said Office.

[3d June 1818.]

WHEREAS by virtue of an Act passed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to empower the High Court of Chancery to lay out a further Sum of the Suitors, Money upon prober Securities, and for applying

the fntcrejl towards discharging the Expencei of the Office of the

Accountant

C.lm.

485

Accountant General, and for building Offices for the Mq/lert in Ordinary in Chancery, and a public Office for the Suitors of the said Court, and Offices for the Secretaries of Bankrupts and Lunatics, 4 and for building Repositories for securing the Title Deeds of the Suitors of the said Court, and the Records and Proceedings of the Commissioners of Bankrupts aitd Lunatics; and of several Acts in

the said Act mentioned, divers Sums of Money have been, by virtue of several Orders of the said Court of Chancery, taken out

of the common and general Cash belonging to the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, which lay dead and unemployed in the Bank of England, and have been placed out in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court, on Government or Parliamentary Securities, and such Government or Parliamentary Securities have been, in pursuance of the said Act passed in the Thirty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, carried to an Account, intituled, Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery and out of the Dividends and Interest of the Securities purchased in pursuance of the said several Acts of Parliament, the several Annual Sums and Salaries, and the several other Payments directed to be made and to be paid, have been from time to time made and paid, and the surplus Interest and annual Produce arising from the said Securities, beyond what was sufficient to answer the Purposes of the said several Acts, and also the Interest produced from the Securities purchased with such surplus Interest and annual Produce, have been from time to time in pursuance of the said last mentioned Act, laid out in the Purchase of Government or Parliamentary Securities, in the name of the Accountant General of the said Court, and placed to the Credit of an Account, intituled Account of Securities purchased with surplus Interest arising from Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery And Whereas by another Act passed in the Fiftieth 50 G. 3. c. 164. Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for building certain Offices for the Examiners, Curftors, Clerk of the Crown, and Clerks of the Petty Bag of the High Court oj Chancery, and for making certain Regulations in the Examiners, Office of the said Court,

and for making Provision for such of the Examiners, Deputy Examiners and Clerks, as from length of Service, or from Age or Infirmity, are or shall be incapacitated from the due Execution of their Office, and for making Provision for other Officers of the said Court, and jor making other Payments in respect of the said Offices+

and also by another Act of Parliament passed in the Fifty third 53 0.3. c. 24.

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third,

intituled An Act to facilitate the Admintflration of Justice; divers other Sums of Money have been, by virtue of several other Orders of the said Court of Chancery, taken out of the common and general Cash belonging to the said Suitors, which lay dead and unemployed in the Bank of England, and have been placed out in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery,

according to the General Rules and Orders of the said Court, on.

Government or Parliamentary Securities 5 and such Government or Parliamentary Securities baye been, in pursuance of the said last mentioned Acts> carried to an Account, intituled Account of

I i 3 4 Monies.

4S6

C, lxxx*

58° GEO. III.

A.D. 1818.

Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the

Suitors of the High Court of Chancery and out of the Interest ' and Dividends of the Securities purchased in pursuance of the said last mentioned Acts, the several annual Sums and Salaries, and the several other Payments directed to be made and to be paid, have been from time to time made and paid, and the surplus I nterest and annual Produce arising from the said Securities, beyond what was

sufficient to answer the Purposes of the said several last mentioned Acts, and also the Interest produced from the Securities purchased

with such surplus Interest and annual Produce, have been from txme to time, in pursuance of the said last mentioned Acts, laid out in the Purchase of Government or Parliamentary Securities, in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court, and placed to the

Credit of an Account, intituled Account of Securities purchased'with surplus Interest arising from Securities, carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the

Suitors of the High Court of Chancery: And Whereas by an Act

49G. 3. C. 69 made and passed in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's

Reign, intituled An Act for making Provision for such of the Sub Registrars or Deputy Registrart of the High Court of Chancery, as from Age or Infirmity shall be ajftiBed with permanent DisabiRtjy and be incapacitated for the due Execution of their Office; and for making further Provision for the Two Seniors of the said Registrars for the Clerks in the Registrars, Office, for the Master of the Report Office, and for providing additional Clerks on the Report Office of the said Court, and for making Payments and Regulations in respect of the said Offices; it was amongst other things enacted, that out of the Interest and Dividends of the Government or Parliamentary Securities aforesaid carried to the said Account, intituled Account of Interest arising from Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery and out of the Interest and Dividends of the Government or Parliamentary Securities carried to the said Account, intituled Account of Secorities purchased with surplus Interest arising from Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better

Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, and out

of the Interest and Dividends of any Government or Parliamentary Securities thereafter to be purchased and placed to the last mentioned Account, there should be paid (but subject and without Prejudice to the Payment of all Salaries and Sums of Money by any Act or Acts of Parliament theretofore passed, directed or authorised to be paid thereout) by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the High Court of Chancery, to be made for that Purpose, by Quarterly Payments on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of Aprils the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of October, in every Year, such yearly Sums as after mentioned to the several Persons after mentioned, % (that is to say,) amongst other Persons to Four additional Clerks

to be employed in the said Report Office for the Purposes therein mentioned, and to be appointed by the Filer and Keeper of the said Reports and Certificates, and Keeper of the said Books of Entries of the said Office for the time being, the several yearly Sums thereinafter mentioned, (that is to say,) to the First of the said Clerks the yearly Sum of Three hundred and thirty Pounds, to the

13 4 Second

A.D. 18ia

58° GEO. III. C. 1xk«

487

Second of the said Clerks the yearly Sum of Two hundred and

twenty Pounds, to the Third* of the said Clerks the yearly Sum of

One hundred and ninety eight Pounds, and to the Fourth of the said Clerks the yearly Sum of One hundred and thirty two Pounds,

and also a proportionable Part of such Quarterly Payments as should

accrue due between the last Quarterly Payment thereof and the time

of the Death or other Removal of such Clerks; and such Allow-

ances and Payments to the said Clerks in the Report Office, to

be a full Compensation and Satisfaction for their Labour and Attendance in the said Office: And Whereas the Money and Effects

belonging to the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, under

the Care and Direction of the said Court, havtf very greatly increased, by reason whereof the necessary Accounts and Business of the Report Office have of late Years greatly increased and are Rill

increasing, and the present Establishment of Clerks in the said Office ' is inadequate to transact the Business thereof, with such Accuracy and Dispatch as is necessary for the Public Service; and fevc^l 4 of the Clerks in the said Office have been many Years employed

therein, and their present Salaries, considering the great Increase in the necessary Expences of Living, are not a sufficient Compensation for their Length of Service, having regard to the Nature and Importance of such Service, and the Attendance, Qualifications and Responsibility necessary to enable them to fulfil the Duties of

their Employment with Advantage to the Public: ' May it there* forepleafe Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That out of the common and general Cath belonging to the For pUcing out Suitors of the Court of Chancery, which now lies or shall hereafter it Imereft a lie dead and unemployed in the Bank of England, a Sum not exceeding c*rta!n J*a" Two hundred thousand Pounds, shall and may by virtue of any Order to the

or Orders of the said Court to be made for that Purpose, from time to suitors of the time be placed out in One entire Sum, or in Pareels, in the Name of Court of the Accountant General of the said Court, according to the General Chancery. Rules and Orders of the said Court, on such Government or Parliamentary Securities as by such Order or Orders shall be directed, and such Securities shall be carried to an Account raised in pursuance of former Acts of Parliament, and intituled ' Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, ' and shall be made Part of the same Account; and out of the Interest and Dividends of all or any of the Securities purchased out of the said common and general Calli in pursuance of former Acts, and to be purchased in pursuance of thie Ad, there shall be paid (but subject and without Prejudice to the Payment of all Salaries and Sums of Money by any former Act or Acts of Parliament heretofore passed, directed or authorized to be paid thereout) by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the High Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpose, by Quarterly Payments* of the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of 0 Sober^in every Year; such additional An* out of the yearly Sums or Salaries to be from time to time paid to the first Imereft thereof roar Clerks in the Report Office for the time being, as herein after add'tioJal

Ii4 mentioned*

4^8

C. lxxx.

58° GEO. III. A.D. 1819.

Power of appointing Three more Additional Clerks in the said Office.

Clerks in the mentioned, (that is to say,) to the First of the said Four Clerks

Report Office. One hundred and seventy Pounds, to the Second Clerk One hundred and eighty Pounds, to the Third Clerk One hundred and fifty two Pounds, and to the Fourth Clerk One hundred and sixty eight Pounds; the First Quarterly Payment thereof to commence on the Additional Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen; and aP* also such several yearly Sums or Salaries as are herein after mentioned, Sid"Office* to be from time to time paid Quarterly on the several Days hereinbefore mentioned, to Three additional Clerks for the time being, namely, a Fifth, Sixth, and Seventh Clerk to be appointed; that is to lay, to the Fifth Clerk One hundred and fifty Pounds, to the Sixth Clerk One hundred and fifty Pounds, and to the Seventh Clerk One hundred and fifty Pounds; and also like yearly Sums or Salaries of One hundred and fifty Pounds each, to Three more additional Clerks in the said Office, in case it shall at any time hereafter appear necesiary to the said Court of Chancery to appoint such Three additional Clerks, or any of them, in pursuance of the Clause for that Purpose herein after contained; the First Quarterly Payment to such additional Clerks respectively to commence from the Day of the Date of their respective Appointments.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being, upon the Requisition of the Matter of the Report Office of the said Court of Chancery for the time being for that Purpose, and upon its being made appear to the Court that additional Assistance is necessary in the said Office for transacting the said Business of the Suitors of the said Court therein, to appoint not exceeding Three more Persons to be Clerks in the said Office, who shall have and be entitled to the yearly Salaries of One hundred and fifty Pounds each, hereby provided for the additional Clerks in the said Office; to be paid and payable out of the same Funds, and in the same manner as is directed and provided by the Clause hereinbefore contained.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks in the said Report duce Certificates Office, and each and every of them for the time being, shall from time of their having0 time, as and when he or they apply at the proper Office in the cuted^hei^Of Bank England for Payment of the several yearly Sums herein, fices, before they before provided and directed to be paid to them respectively, produce shall be entitled a Certificate, signed by the Matter of the Report Office for the time to the Payments being, that such Clerk hath diligently and fa^fully in all things herebydiietted. performed and fulfilled the Duty and Office or a Clerk to the said

Matter of the Report Office for the time being, up to the time specified in such Certificate; and by reason thereof is entitled to have and receive the yearly Sum or Payment hereby provided, up to the time mentioned in such Certificate; and in case the said Matter for the time being of the said Report Office shall decline or refuse to sign such Certificate, such Clerk shall be at Liberty to apply to the said Court of Chancery by Petition or otherwise, and the said Court shall have full Power and Authority to make such Order therein as to the said Court shall appear to be expedient or just.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be deemed or taken to prevent or hinder any present or future Clerk in the said Report-Office from

Clerks to pro.

Clerks may be removed as heretofore.

C A.D. 1818. 58° GEO. III. C. lxxx.

489

being removed or di(placed at any time, in such 'manner and by such r. Authority as Clerks in the said Office can now be removed or displaced.

V. And be it further enacted, That in the Place of any Clerk who s may be so removed or displaced, or to whom any Annuity or yearly - Sum shall be ordered to be paid in pursuance of this Act, some other Person of sufficient Ability shall or may be appointed a Clerk in the r said Office, in the manner and by the Authority in and by which the

2 Clerks in the said Report Office have heretofore been appointed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That out of the Interest and a Dividends of the Government or Parliamentary Securities purchased t: and to be purchased as aforesaid, the Coils incurred in procuring and

fJ passing this Act, and the Coils, Charges and Expences of all Pro-r ceedings to be had in Execution and in pursuance thereof, shall be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by h virtue of any Order or Orders of the High Court of Chancery to be^made for that Purpose.

p.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the surplus Interest and anuual Produce which shall arise from the Money placed out and to be placed out on Securities, pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament hereinbefore mentioned or referred to, or any of them, beyond f what shall be sufficient to answer the Purposes of the said Acts, shall from time to time be placed out on Government or Parliamentary Securities, and shall be placed to the Credit of the said Account, raised in pursuance of the said Act of the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present* Majesty, intituled*Account of Monies I placed out for the Benefit ana better Security of the Suitors of the

' High Court of Chancery and which Fund shall be applied to answer the Demands of the said Suitors of the said Court of Chan- eery, in case it shall at any time be necessary to call in any Money

of the said Suitors, which hath been or may be placed out on Securities.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being, by any. Order or Orders of the said Court of Chancery, to change the Security or Securities or any Part of the Securities purchased or to be purchased pursuant to the several Acts 1 of Parliament hereinbefore mentioned or referred to, or pursuant to this Act.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared. That; for and notwithstanding any of the Provisions contained in this Act, if at any time hereafter the Whole or any Part of the Money placed out pursuant to the said several Acts of Parliament, or any of them, or to be placed out in pursuance of this Act, shall be wanted to answer any of the Demands of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, then and in such case the said Court may and shall direct the Whole or any Part of such Money to be called in, and the Securities in which the same and the surplus Interest and Dividends hereinbefore mentioned shall be placed, to be sold and disposed of, in order that the Suitors of the said Court may at all times be paid their respective Demands out of the common and general Cash belonging to such Suitors.

Clerk* to be ip. pointed io the Place of such as shall receive an Annuity, or be displaced.

Expence* of this Act end of all Proceeding* provided for.

Surplus Interest to be placed out upon Security.

Securities may be changed.

Money to he called in when wanted to supply the Demand* of the Suitor*.

490

C. lxxx — lxxxvii.

58° GEO. III. A.D. 181S.

Proviso for Re. form, See. of Offices.

[Public Act.]

39 0.3. e. xli*. continued for ax Years, &c.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice, delay, hinder or prevent any Reform or Abolition of all or any of the Offices herein mentioned* by any Person or Persons having Authority to reform or aboHfli the same.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of u such, by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. lxxxi.

An Act for paving the Footways, and cleansing, lighting and watching the Streets, in the Town of Monmouth.

[3d June 1818.]

Cap. lxxxii.

An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road at or near Beck-hambton, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned, in the County of Wilts. (r).[3d June 1818.]

Former Tolls made to cease. New Tolls granted. 3

Cap. lxxxiii.

An Act for lighting the Borough of Kidderminster % in the County of Worcester, with Gas.

[5th June 1818.]

Cap. lxxxiv.

An Act for lighting with Gas the City of Worcester, and the Liberties, Precincts and Suburbs thereof\ and those Parts of the several Parifttes of Saint Peter the Great, Saint Martin, Saint Michael ia Bedwardine, Saint John in Bedwardine, Claines and Saint Clement, which lie contiguous to, but without the Liberties of the said City and in the County of Worcester.

[5th June 1818.]

Cap. lxxxv.

An Act for better supplying the Inhabitants of the Town of Monmouth with Water.

[5th June 1818.]

Cap. lxxxvi.

An Act for building a Chapel of Ease in the Township of Pendleton and Parish of Ecclee, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[10th June 1818.]

Cap. lxxxvii.

An Act for lighting with Gas the Town of BrighthelmJonef in the County of Sussex.

[10th June 1818.]

PRIVATE

58° GEO. III.

Pr.C. i — 4.

491

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE KING'S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN

EVIDENCE.

N.B. To each of these acts is annexed a Clause in the Form following:

"And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the several Printers to The King's Most Excellent Majesty, duly authorized to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom, and that a Copy thereof, so printed by any of them, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices and others."

Cap. 1.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Cranford\ in the County of Middlesex.

[17th March 1818.]

Cap. 2.

An Act for enabling the Trustees adiing under Letters Patent granted by King Charles the Second, to dispose of certain old Almshouses and other Premises, held in Trust for the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex; and for vetting Part of the new Burial Ground belonging to the said Parish, at or near Camden Town, in the said Trustees, as a Site for erecting new Almshouses thereon; and for other Purposes.

[8th May 1818.]

Cap. 3.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Laverfioci, including the Tithing of Ford, in the County of Wilts.

[8th ^£ay 1818.]

Cap. 4.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Damerbam South, in the County of Wilts.

[8th May j8i8*3

492

Pr.C. 5 — 11.

58° GEO. III. A.D. 1818

Cap. 5.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Warfob, in the County of Nottingham [8th May 1818.]

" Commissioners to ascertain the value of Tithes, §22. Allot-u ments iu lieu of Tithes, { 23. Declaring the Exoneration of " Tithes. Tithes payable till Possession of Allotments delivered) " #4-

Cap. 6.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Thelnetbam, in the County of Suffolk.

[8th May 1818.]

41 Commissioners to set the Tithes in Thelneiham for the first Three M Years, $33.

Cap. 7.

An Act for inclosing Lands in Middop, otherwise Midbopc, in the Parish of EccletjUld % in the County of Turk*

[8th May 1818.]

" Parties enabled to agree for a Commutation of Tithes before eie-" cution of Award, §28.

Cap 8.

An Act for inclosing Lands in Q*Jpring , in the Parish of Pmfiw, and County of York.

[8th May 1818.]

w Parties enabled to agree on a Commutation for Tithes before eie-" cution of Award, J 30. Allotments to Tithe Owners to be rag feneed, §31.

Cap. 9.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor of AinJUblt, in the Parish of Ainfiakle, in the County of Cumberland.

[8th May 1818.]

" Allotment to the Vicar for Tithes, $17. Allotment for Tithes " of Hay, Wood Lands, &c. §23.

Cap. 10.

An Act to amend an Act made in the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Isleworth, Heston and Twicienbam9 in the County of Middlesex.

[8th May 1818.]

Cap. 11.

An Act for allotting Lands in the Parish of Noke9 in the County of Oxford.

[8th May 1818.]

Ctf-

58° GEO. III.

Pr. C. 12 — ia

493

Cap. 12.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Erpingham, Colby, Banning bam and Ingworth, in the County of Norfolk.

[8th May 1818..]

Compensation for Tithes of Allotments for Three Years to be fixed by Commissioners, §32.

Cap. 13.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Itteringham9 Oulton, Wickmere and Wood Dalltng9 in the County of Norfolk.

[8tn May 1818.]

Cap. 14.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Great Melton, otherwise Melton Saint Mary, and All Sainti9 in the County of Norfolk.

[8th May 1818.]

44 Proviso for Right to Tithes, f 48.

Cap. 15.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Moreton Valence9 and in the Hamlet or Tithing of Putloe, in the Parish of Standish9 both in the County of Gloucester.

[8th May 1818.]

Cap. 16.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Norbury in the County of Derby.

[8th May 1818.]

Cap. 17.

An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Marden9 Sutton Saint Michael9 Sutton Saint Nicholas and Withington9 and certain Chapelries, Townships and Parishes adjacent thereto, in the County of Hereford.

[8th May 1818.]

44 Commissioners empowered to ascertain to what Tithes certain Lands are subject, and Tithes to be paid according to Declaration of Com-" mi (Boners, ft.

Cap. 18.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of South Moreton9 in the County of Berks.

[8th May 1818.]

" Allotment to Rector, &c. in lieu of Tithes, f 24. Compensation " to be made in lieu of Tithes for old4 Inclosures, where Owners < hare not Lands in Common Fields sufficient to discharge the " same, f 25. Prorifo for Re dor's Right to Tithes claimed by u John Sadgrove and John Kerby9 f 27. Tithes to remain until a " certain Period, §28. Allotments to Rector in lieu of Tithes to 41 be secured, £ 32.

494

Pr. C. 19 — 24.

58° GEO. III. A.D. 1818.

Cap. 19.

An Act for inclosing Landa in the Parish of Walfham-lc-WUlowh in the County of Suffolk.

[8th May 1818.]

u Extinguiftiment of Tithea of Land on Allwood Green by the Ad

u directed to be allotted to Trustees, §23.

Cap. 20.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Etton, in the Parish of Etton> in the East Riding of the County of York.

[8th May 1818.]

t Tithe Allotment, §17. Annual Renta as a further Compensation

" for Tithea ascertained, §18. When the Tithes are to cease, £21.

" Modufea or fixed Money Payments to continue payable, j 22.

" Tithe Allotments to be feneed, §28.

Cap. 21.

An Act to enable Peter Penniall, and others therein mentioned, to grant a Building Lease of certain Premises situate in High Street, in the Parish of Saint Mary Newington, in the County of Surrey.

[8th May 1818.]

Cap. 22.

An Act to enable the Trustees of Saint PauPs School, in the City of London, to purchase Buildings and Land adjoining or near to the said School, for the better Accommodation of the Scholars, and for other Purposes.

[23d May 1818.]

Cap. 23.

An Act to eoable the Governors of the Free Grammar School of King Charles the Second, at Bradford in the County of York, to fell the old School House, and to fell certain Lands belonging to the said Foundation, and to apply the Money arising by such Sale* in the Building of a new School House, and in the Purchase of other Estates, to be vested in the Governors on the Trusts of the said Chanty, and to convey the Inheritance in Fee Simple, for building, upon reserved Rents, or to make building Lease* of certain Pans of the Estates of the said School; and also to enable the Governors to increase the number of Masters, and allow proper Salaries, and for enlarging the Trulls and Powers of the said Governors* [23d May 1818.]

Cap. 24.

An Act for efieding an Exchange of an Estate in the County of Norfolk, devised by the Will of Robert Harvey Esquke to John Harvey Esquire, under certain Limitations, for an EJfcate belonging to the said John Harvey Esquire, in Fee Simple, to be fob-jeded to the like Limitations.

[23d May i8j8.]

A.D. 1813.

58° GEO- III.

Pr. C. 25 — 30.

495

Cap. 25.

An Act for dividing and allotting Lands in the Parish of Lakenheath, in the County of Suffolk.

[23d dfjy 1818.]

41 Lands allotted for Lands Tithe free or covered by a Modus, to be Tithe free or covered by such Modus.

Cap. 26.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bradford, in the County of Wilts.

[23d May 1818.]

Cap. 27.

An Act for amending an Act of His present Majesty, intituled an Act for dividing and inclo/tnr Heworth Moor, in the Manor or Tovunship q/* He worth, in the North Riding of the County of York; and for extinguishing the Rights of Stray and Average over certain Lands, called Half Year Lands, situate in the Suburbs or PrecinSs of the City of York 5 and for extending the Provisions of the said Act, to the Inclosure of certain Lands in the Suburbs or Precincts of the City of York.

[23d May 1818.]

Cap. 28.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Kilmainham, Saint James y Clondalkbty Crumlin, ATenvcqflle and Ratheoolc, in the County of Dublin.

[23d May 1818.]

Cap. 29.

An Act for extinguishing a limited Right of Common over certain Coppices or Woodlands and Grounds in the Parish of Hurflborne Tarranty in the County of Southampton; and for allotting and setting out a Part of the same, to be subject to a more ex ten five Right of Common, in lieu of the Right extinguished.'

[23d May 1818.]

Cap. 30.

An Act for empowering Trusteea to join, as to one undivided fourth Part of certain E dates devised by the Will of Edward Bamardy Gentleman, deceased, in the Sale of the Entirety of the same Estates, and to purchase other Lands to be settled to the same Uses; and also for enabling 'the same Trustees to join as to the lame undivided fourth Part in making a Partition of the same Estates; and also for empowering certain Trustees to join in granting Leaks of the Entirety of the same Premises, and for other Purposes.

[28th May 1818.]

496

Pr. C. 31 — 36.

58° GEO. III. A.D. 181S.

Cap. 31.

An Act for repealing an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for vefing Part of the settled Estates of Sir Charles Knightley Baronet, which were dtvifed by the Will of Lucy Knightley Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money artfitig thereby in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof and to the same Uftt % and for other Purposes; and for veiling that Part and other Parts of the < said settled Estates in other Trustees to be sold, and for applying Part of the Money arising the reby in the Discharge of certain Incumbrances thereon, and laying out the Residue of the same Money in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

[28th May 1818.]

Cap. 32.

An Act to render effectual a Conveyance of the legal Fee as to a Moiety of certain Hereditaments in the Parishes of Llanidloes^ Llangerrig and Llandinam, in the County of Montgomery, belonging to Robert Ingram Esquire.

[28th May 1818.]

Cap. 33.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Lytchet Mat ravers, and Lytchet Minfer % in the County of Dorset.

[28th May 1818.]

Lands to be discharged of certain Tithes for first five Years afnr

u Improvement,

Cap. 34,

An Act for effecting and establishing an Exchange between the Reverend Robert Philip Goodenough, Rector of Carlton in LindricU in the County of Nottingham, and Henry Gaily Knight Esquire, of Glebe and other Lands in Carlton aforesaid.

[3d June 1818.]

Cap. 35.

An Act for vesting in the surviving and new Trustees certain Estates and Property in Ireland, of the Most Honourable Walter Marquis and Ean of Ormonde in Ireland, and Baron Butler in England, which have not been sold or disposed of under and by virtue of Three Acts of Parliament, made in the Thirty fifth, Forty fifth, and Forty eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty.

[3d June 1818.]

Cap. 36.

An Act for settling a Moiety of a yearly Rent of Four hundred Pounds, discharged from certain Entails created therein, upon WiU.Ham Danby Esquire, and Caroline his Wife, and their Issue.

[3d June 1818.]

A.D. 1818. 58° GEO. III.

Pr. C. 37 — 39.

Cap. 37.

An Act for confirming an Exchange of certain Estates in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, of which Sarah Hethersett, Spinster, is Tenant for Life under the Will of her late Uncle John Barker Esquire9 for certain EHates in the said Counties to which the said Sarah Hctberfett and her Sifters Jane Marla Hemsworth (Wife of Henry D*Efterre Hemsworth Esquire), Ann Amelia Hetherfett Spinster, and Isabel Huntington (Wife of John Barker Huntington Esquire), became entitled by Defceut from their late Father James Hetherfett Esquire.

[5th June 1818.]

Cap 38.

An Act for effecting the Sale of the settled Freehold E dates of Thomas Leech the Elder, Esquire, situate in the Counties of Lincoln, Kent and Surrey, and for applying the Monies to arise by such Sale, in manner therein mentioned.

[5th June 1818.]

Cap. 39.

An Act for vesting certain Pieces or Parcels of Land, and other Hereditaments, belonging to Sidney Sufic* College, in the University of Cambridge, in Trustees for Sale, with Powers to lease on Fines, and for applying. the Purchase Monies, and Monies to arise from Fines, in manner therein mentioned.

[xoth June 1818.]

---

[Index removed.]

[Adverts removed.]

